JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From May the 31st, 1754,

In the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second,

To November the 15th, 1757,

In the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

t

II :]

Bayerlsche Staatsbibliothek Munchen

the

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS

VOL. 27.

VOLr 2f.

B

GOO^l

THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS

VOL. 27.

Vol. 27.

B

v >-

r\

G -

m

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION,

For DifTolving this present Parliament, and declaring the Calling of another.

GEORGE R.

WH ERE AS we have thought fit, by and with the Advice of our Privy Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now Hands prorogued to Tkurf-day the Twenty-fifth Day of this instant April$ wc do for that End publish this our Royal Proclamation j and do hereby dissolve the said Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are discharged from their Meeting and Attendance on

day the said Twenty-fifth Day of this instant April: And we being desirous and resolved, as loon as may be, to meet our People, and have their Advice in Parliament, do hereby make known to all our loving Subjects our Royal Will and Pleasure, to call a new Parliament; and do hereby further declare. That, with the Advice of our Privy Council, we have this Day given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain, to issue out Writs in due Form for calling a new Parliament; which Writs are to bear Teste on Tuesday the Ninth Day of this Instant April, and to be returnable on the Thirty-first Day of May next.

Given at our Court at S/, the Eighth Day of

April 1754, in the Twenty-seventh Year of our Reign.

GOD lave the Kimo.

C + 1

S~}HARLES Duke of Marlborough, Lord Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, Knight of the most Noble W Order of the Garter, and One of his Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, To all to whom these Presents \~A shall come. Greeting. Know ye, That I the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my Paid Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and, by these Presents, do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right Honourable Lord John Murray; James Edward Colleton; the Honourable Alexander Hume Campbell; Nicholas Hardline, Thomas Orby Hunter, John Morton; Sir Francis Poole Baronet, Sir John Elwell Baronet; William Ofbal-

diflon. Court hope Clayton; the Honourable Edward Finch; Sir; John

John Cleveland, Edward Bofcaiven, Daniel Boone, Job Stanton Charlton, John Gibbons, Daniel Moore-, the Right Honourable Lord George Sacvi/le-, James Whit(head-,the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow, the Right Honourable the Lord Milton; William A'Court, Thomas Vernon, Samuel Kent-, Sir Thomas Hales Baronet; Gray, William

Richard Chetwynd; Lieutenant General Richard Onslow -, Edward Vernon, Merrick Barrel, Richard Straton, Robert Bristow, Thomas A of on, Henry Holmes, Philip Carteret Webb Sir George Lyttleton Thomas Nicholas

Fazackerley, Harcourt Powell, John Sharpe, Francis Gafhry, Thomas Thomas Griffin, Edward Bacon, Edward

Kynaston-, Sir Percy Brett Knight; Richard Lowndes-, Sir Thomas Clavering Baronet; John Thomas

Brand-, the Right Honourable Henry Legge; Biffe Richards, George Thomas Horatio Walpole, John

Byng, Thomas Townshendlenior, Thomas Townshendjunior, Penyflon Powney; the Right Honourable John Marquis

of Granby; Edward Bayntun Roll, George Onslow; the Right Honourable Lord Robert Sutton; William Chetwynd; the Right Honourable Wills Earl of Hiilfborough; Thomas James Moore Mclyneaux, William Caley, John Lloyd, Thomas Franklund, Thomas Pelham, Francis Delaval-, Sir Henry Gray Baronet; John Crafter, Robert Fairfax, William Locke, WenmanCooke-, Sir John Rufliout Baronet; George Bofcawen; Sir John Peachy Baronet, Sir Robert Hildyard Baronet; Charles Saunders, Alexander Thistlethwayte, Thomas Erie Drax, Edward Cornwallis, Peter Dermis, Jonathan Rafhleigh; the Right Honourable Ralph Earl of; Dawkins, John Mostyn, James,

Simon Fanfhaw; the Right Honourable Henry Fox; Anthony Keck, John Gore, Thomas Gore; the Honourable Sir Edward Walpole; Charles Gray; the Honourable Sir Charles Hanbury Williams; George Cole brooke; the Honourable Lord George Manners; John Chaplin; the Honourable Lord John Manners; Thomas Lockyer,

George Rice; the Honourable Thomas Lord Parker; the Right Honourable John Lord Bateman; the Honourable Edwin Sandys; Isaac Whittington, Charles Tudway, Edward Poore; Sir Charles Howard; John Fuller, William Hammond, Henry Penton, and John Delaval; or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, my Deputies and Deputy, in my place and Read, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in a Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Directions of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes directing the Taking of the said Oaths before me; to all and every Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners of Shires or Burghs, of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Thirty-first Day of May Instant; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the said Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs aforesaid, for the said Parliament; and also to tender and administer the Oath mentioned in a Statute, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Election of Members to serve in the House of Commons for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for incapacitating the Judges of the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary, and Barons of the Court of Exchequer, in Scotland, to be elected, or to fit or vote as, Members of the House of Commons; according to the Directions of another Statute, made in the Sixteenth Year of his Majesty’* Reign, directing the said Oath to be taken before me, to all and every Person and Persons, who is, are, or shall be, chosen a Member to serve in Parliament for any Shire or Stewartry within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and who was not, were not, or shall not, be present, at the Meeting of Election ;and to take and receive the Oath of all and every such Person and Persons; giving them, my said Deputies, Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the Matters herein before-mentioned; ratifying and confirming all and iv bat fee vc r my Deputies or Deputy shall do and perform in this Behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had personally been present, and done the lame. In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Thirty-first Day of May, in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, DY. Jnnoque Domini 1754.

Marlborough, (L. S.)

Meethig

Parliament.

McfTage to sttend the House of Peers.

Con;r»i;*iou

*or opening p4f4iuii<eiH.

27 Geo. II. 31°

5

Parliamentum inceptum et tentum apud civitatem Westmonaf-terienfem die Veneris, 310 die Maii, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii Secundi, Dei gratia, Magnae Britannia Franciae, et Hiberniae, Regis, Fidci defenforis, &c. 270,

annoque Domini 1754.

THE King’s most Excellent Majesty having, by hisRoyalProclamation, hereunto annexed, dated the 8th Day of April last, difi'olved the last Parliament, and by his Writ of Summons, issued under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Tetle at on Tuesday the 9th Pay of the same Month, called a new

Parliament, and appointed the same to meet and lit this Day; the Moll; noble Charles Duke of Marlborough, Lord Steward of his Majesty’s Houshold, came, about Ten of the Clock, into the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, commonly called the Inner Court of Wards, where the Oaths, appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve 111 Parliament, are usually administered; and Jeremiah , EU,uire, Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Read, Clerk Assistant, and the other Clerks, attending, according to their Duty; and the Honourable Charles Torke and John Esquires, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having delivered to the said Mr. Dyson a Book, containing a List of the Names of such Members as had been returned to serve in this Parliament, the Lord Steward did himself, in Person, administer the Oaths appointed, to severalof the Members who appeared; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, hereunto also annexed, impowering several of the Members, who had before been sworn, to administer the said Oaths to the rest of the Members returned; some of which Commissioners administered the same accordingly to such other Members as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons. After which,

A Message was delivered by the Honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Uther of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of tlfts honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, the House went up to the House of Peers: Where the Lord Chancellor, fitting with several other Lords on a Form, between the Throne and the Wooliucks, said,

My Lords, and Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

His Majesty, not thinking fit to be present here this Day in his Royal Person, has been pleased, in order to the opening and holding of this Parliament, to cause Letter a Patent to be palfecl under his Great Seal, constituting his Royal IJiglmefs the Duke of Cumberland, and several Lords therein named, his Commissioners, to do all things in his Majesty’s Name, on his Part necessary to be periormed in this Pai iiament. This will more fully appear by the Letters Patent themselves; which must be now read.

Vol. 27.

Then the said Letters Patent were read; and are as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and lo forth. To all to whom thele Preknts shall cope, Greeting. Whereas, by the Advice of our Council, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs concerning us, the State, and Defence of our Kingdom of Great , and the Church, we have ordered a certain Parliament to be holden at our City of Westmins, on Friday the Thirty-first Day of this lnstant May, and for asmuch as, forcer-tain Causes, we cannot conveniently be present, in our Royal Person, in cur laid Parliament, upon the said. Thii ty-first Day of May: Know ye, That we, trusting in the Discretion, Fidelity, and Industry, of our moll dear Son and faithful Coum'T.o; W Duke the most Reverend Father in God, and our faithful Cou.n-lellor, Thomas Archb’shop of Canterbury, Primate a;ul Metropolitan of all England, our most dear Coulins and Councilors Philip Earl of Haour Chancellor of Great Britain, John Lari GrPi tin lent of our

Council, John Earl Gozver, Keeper ot our Privy Seak, Charles Duke of Mar I borough, Steward of cur Houshold, Charles Duke of Grafton, Chamberlain of our Houshold, Archibald Duke of A.gyll, Thomas Holies Duke of Nezc-castle, First Commissioner of our Tie..fury, Lionel -field Duke of Dorset, Lieutenant General and General Governor of our Kingdom of Ireland, William Loid Cavendish of llardvjyck, commonly called Marquis of Hartington, Master of our Mor e, Robert Ear, of /loldernefje. One of our principal Secretaries ot State, Anne

Earl of Albemarle, Groom of our Scoie, and our well-beloved and faithful Counsellor George Lord Av.Jin, First Commissioner of our Admiralty, by the Advice of our said Council, do give and grant, by ti e Tenor cf thele Presents, unto our laid nu ft dear Son, and to the said Archbishop of Canterbury, our Chancellor of Britain, President of our Council, Keeper cf our Privy Seal, Steward of our Houshold, Chamberlain of our Houshold, Duke of Argyll, Duke of Duke of

Dorset, Lord Cavendijhof Earl of -ncjj'e, Earl of Albemarle, and Lord and any Three

of them, full Power, in our Name, to begin and hold our said Parliament, and to open and declare, and cause to be opened and declared, the Cau es of holding the fame; and to proceed upon the said Affairs, in our said Parliament, and in all Matters arising the rein; and to dor every thing which, for us and by us, for tin good Government of our said Kingdom of Great Britain, and other our Dominions thereto belonging, Hull be there to be done; and also, if necessary, to continue, adjourn, and prorogue, our laid Parliament; commanding also, by the Tenor of thele Presents, with the Asser.t of our said Council, as well all and singular the Archbishops, Bi-lhops, Earls, V ifeounts, Barons, and Knights, as all ot ers whom it concerns, to meet in our fa.d Parliament; that to the same our most dear Son, Archbishop of Canterbury, our Chancellor of Great Britain, President of our

C Council,

6

31° Mail,

A,

*754-

The House directed to chuse a Speaker,

Choice of a Speaker.

Council, Keeper of our Privy Seal, Steward of out Houshold, Chamberlain of our Houshold, Duke of Argyll, Dqke of Newcastle, Duke of Lord disk of Hardwyck, Earl of Hold, Earl of and Lord Anjon, and any Three of them, they diligently intend in the Premises, in the Form aforesaid. In Witness whereof, we have caused theie our Letters to be made patent. Witness ourself, at ,the

Twenty-second Day of May, in the Twenty-ferenth Year of our Reign.

By the KING himself.

Signed with his owp Hand.

and

And then the Lord Chancellor said,

My Lords, and Gentlemen of the House of Com-tnons,

By virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, now read, and in Obedience to his Commands, we let you know, That his Majesty doth not think fit, that we should declare the Causes of yobr present Meeting, until there be a Speaker of the House of Commons: And therefore it is his Ma^-jesty's Pleasure, that you. Gentlemen of the House of Commons, do immediately repair to the Place where the Commons usually lit, and there chuse a fit Person to be your Speaker; and that you p re lent the Person,'who shall be so chosen, to his Majesty’s Commissioners here, for his Royal Approbation, by the said Commissioners, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock at Noon.

And the House being returned;

The Right honourable John Marquis of , Son and Heir apparent of the Mod noble John Duke of Rutland, One of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Cambridge, addressing himself to the Clerk (who, Handing up, pointed to him, and then fat down), spoke to the Effed following; viz.

Mr. Dyson,

As it is necessary, before we proceed in any Business, to make Choice of a proper Person to preside in our future Deliberations and Debates, I rife, if the House will give me Leave, in order to propose one.

That Chair is not a Poll of Ease and Repose, but of great Labour and Activity: It requires a Person of a distinguished Character; whose Authority may the better support the Dignity of this House.

It is of the greatest Consequence, that we chuse the most able Person we can find to supply this important Office; for the Qualifications of a Speaker mud necef-larily have great Weight and Influence in our Proceedings, and the public Business; as the Person we shall fix on may prove ntore or less expert, will accordingly be either facilitated orobftruded, expedited or perplexed.

That honourable Chair, Sir, demands, in the Person who shall be destined to fill it, many Talents and many Virtues: It requires, in general, great Abilities; it requires, in particular, an exact Skill in the Orders, Rules, and Methods, of Parliament; it requires a perfect Knowledge of all the Powers and Privileges of this House, and a consummate Experience in the infinite Variety of Business necessarily to be transaded within thefeWalls: Be-fidcs thefeTalents, the greatest Integrity and Impartiality, an unlhaken Resolution, and Heady Firmness of Mind, are Virtues that ought to be eminently confprcuous irr the Character of the Speaker of this House.

Very difficult indeed, Sir, it is to find so many great Qualifications united in any one Person; yet we have the Happiness of having One Gentleman amongst us, whom Experience'has shewn us, on many Occaliom, to be equal; in every Shape, to this important Office; One whose great Ability and Integrity has appeared, in innumerable In-dances, through the Course of several successive Parliaments; One whose zealous Attachment for our present happy Establishment, and for the whole Constitution of this Nation in general, is well known-; and who has & Heart warm with that Zeal and Affection, which is the proper Character cf a Speaker of this House; a Zeal and Affection for the Rights and Liberties of the Common of Great Britain.

I perceive every Gentleman’s Eyes are already fixed on the Right honourable Mr. Oiijloii); I don’t doubt, therefore, but I shall meet with the unanimous Approbation of this House, when I move, That Mr. Onslow may be desired to accept of this important Trull; and that he will again take Post'elfion of that Chair, which he has filled, in Four successive Parliaments, with the greatest: Ability and Integrity, with so much Honour and Reputation to himself, to the Satisfaction of former Parliaments, and to the Advantage of this Kingdom.

There can but one Doubt occur in the Choice of Mr. Onslow, and that is, how far he himself can be induced to accept of this important and laborious Office; and yet I flatter myself there is one Argument, reful.iagfrom hii own Virtue, and Love of his Country, which will be able to over-rule this Difficulty. There is no Man, whole long and faithful Services give him a juster Title to Re-pufe and Dignity than M r.Onfow:No Man has a strictec or more indisputable Claim to every Argument of Self -defence, that can p iffibly excuse his embarking again in this laborious Office; no Man can ftrtgo the Arguments with greater Grace and Dignity; nO Man so likely to sacrifice every Consideration of personal Eife and Advantage to the Inurcft of the Public, and to the Importunities of this House, than himself.

I therefore move. That the Right honourable Arthur Onfovi, Esquire, be desired to take the Chair as Spealker.

Then Thomas Pelham, Elquife, One of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Sussex, addressing himself likewise to the Clerk (who, Handing up, pointed to him, and then fat down), lpoke to the following Effect; viz.

Mr. Dyson,

I rife up to second the Motion made by the noble Lord, who has so perfectly and lo elegantly described the eminent Virtues and Abilities of my very’ honourable Friend, that he has scarce left room for me to say any thing, but to testify my strongest Approbation, and to declare the high Veneration and Esteem I bear hisNamt and Person'.

This Acknowledgment is particularly due from me, as the strongest Union and Friendship has ever i'ublifted betwixt his Family and mine, connected by the same Principles, rivetted by the same Views, the Service of their King, and the Good of their Country.

l am particularly happy in being able to dedicate my First Attempt of this Kind to a Person of such high Worth, and in a Cause so highly to be approved of by every one in this House, that it must reflect Honour oa me, though I prove very unequal to the Talk.

It would be extremely utvneeefiary, as well as presump-tuous in me, to aim at a Detail ot nry very honourably Friend’s Excellencies, as every one here must be thorough-

7 4 U>

ly sensible of the great Benefits we have reaped from his incelfant Services and Abilities; and, I hope, will readily join-in intreating him once more to accept of that Office, which he has filled, for so many Parliaments, fuceeflively, with so much Honour, Steadiocfe, and Integrity.

I beg Leave, therefore, Mr. , to assist the noble Lord in replacing Mr. Arthur Onslow in the Chair.

The House calling Mr. Orfow to the Chair, he flood up in his Place, and laid,

Mr. Dyson,

Every Gentleman here' must be sensible' of the great Honour I have received by the Motion the noble Lord, and the worthy Gentleman, have just now made'; and it will not be thought strange to any one, that I should extremely value myself, as indeed I do, upon their favourable Thoughts of me, and their Recommendation of me to the Favour of the House: If the Length of Time, through which I have already palfed in this high and painful Office, should create in Gentlemen an Argument for

my

Mr. Ofi&n# Speaker.

a7 Geo. II. %\* Mali. — \* Jmt-. 7

my being called to it again, (toes it not a{so, Sir; fugged some very strong Ilea Tons against another Undertaking of it by me ndw ? 1 am sure it does — I am sure it ought to dofo with me: But, however. Sir, I will not dispute with the House in their Commands; I am theirs, tobedifpoied 6f as they shall think proper; and shall always deem it a Duty to submit, in every thing, my Will to their Di* section.

The House again calling Mr. Onslow to the Chair, he was taken out of his Place by the Lord Marquis of Granby and Mr. Pelham, who led him from thence to the Cirair j where, upon the First Step, he said,

It is my Duty to inform Gentlemen; that it is yet in their Power to rc-confirier what they have done, by calling me back to the Place from Whence I have becri brought hither.

But the Members cried "No! No!"

Whereupon Mr. Onslow ascended the upper Step of the Chair, and; (landing the re, said.

Since Gentlemen have commanded me to the Place I am now in, it becomes me to return the Hori'e, as I do, my humbled Thanks for this treth Mark of their kind Regard and Favour to me.

And thereupon he fat down in the Chair;

And then the Mace, which before lay under the Table', was laid upon the Table.

Then the Right Honourab’e Wills Earl of in the Kin dom of Ireland, Oue of the Burg:ties for the Borough of Warwick, and Comptroller of his Majesty’s

Uoulhoid, laid*

Mr. Speaker,

1 (land up only to make the usual Mo'ion of Adjournment, after the Election of a Speake r; but I cannot deny myself the Pleasure cf taking this Opportunity to express the high Sat i-fact km I feel in seeing you. Sir, again raised to that great and important Office: The uncommon Ability, arid invariable Integrity, with which I have had the Honour to fee you discharge the Duties of it, in Two successive Parliaments,’ are the Foundation of that Satisfaction.

I beg Leave, Sir, to congratulate the Houre Ori their having placed in the Chair One who is thorougMy acquainted with the Conditution of this Country, and with the I.iws and Privileges of Parliament; and who has always placed his Glory in the Defence and Support of them.

I congratulate the elder Part of the House, whole particular Duty it is to support arid aidvife the Chais, when there is Occrtfion for it, on the Ease and Security they will feel in the Corisideration, that the Businessot Parliament is to pals through your Hands; and that the Honour and Dignity of this House are the immediate Objects of your Attention.-

Those Members, who have never before fat in Parliament, and the younger Part of the House, will give me Leave to congratulate the'rii on the Indulgence you will shew them — -Indulgence which I have often experienced; and hope you will dill continue to me: and on the Instruction you are always willing to give in every Way, and constant'ly do give in the most pleasing and efficacious Way, that of Example.

Sir, I congratulate the Nation in general; forgive me I cave to say, that you are called to that Chair by the unanimous Voice of the collective Body of the People, afc well as by that of their representatives.

We have received the King’s Command to present the Speaker to his Majesty Tomorrow: You will then, Sir, be confirmed in your high Office: His Majesty will confirm you', Sir,- as One whom he knows to be a true and steady Friend to Liberty, and to this1 Constitution, and, of consequenCe,- zealously attached to hi's Royal- Perforr and Family.

And now, Sir, give me Leave to congratulate you up-Vofc. zj.

on the greatest human Reward Virtue knd Merit Can re3 teive, the fconcunent Approbation of the bed of Kings; and of all your Fellow Subjects.

I move you. Sir, That this House do adjorirri till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven o’Clock.

And then the House adjourned accordingly till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

, - — .....- — . ...i.. mm mm,

Sabbdti, 1* die Jukii 5

Anno 2 7° Georgii lll!i Regis, 1754.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker defthav» ing taken the Chair;

A Message was brought by the honourable Sir Bellenden, Gentleman Ulhef of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, defir. the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers.

Acc. rriingiy, Mr. Speaker elect, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where Mr. Speaker eieft (poke to the Efftd following3 viz.

My Lords,

His Majesty’s faithful Commons, in Parliament af* sembled, have, in pursuance of his Royal Direction, arid, according to their antient Right, proceeded^to the-Election of One of their Members to be their Speaker in this Parliament; and their Choice has again fallen uponi rire for this great Trull.

From what has pafibd in several former Parliaments, with tegard to myself, I did not presume to dispute the Commands of the Commons upon fhis Occasion: It is for (lie same Reasms and from the like Principle of Duly, I forbear to urge any thing here against their present.Rejd-lution, hut resign myiell entirely to his Majesty’s Plea-? sure; Weil knowing his own Royal Wifelom can have befit determined his own Choice, either to approve or distp-prove what his Commons have now done.

Then the Lord Chancellor said,

Mr. Onslow; .

The King has had such ample and satisfactory Experience oi your gieat Abilities and Zeal for the Service of himself, and your Country, in the important Station to which you are now a Fifth Time called by the general Voice of his faithlul Commons, that his Majesty has commanded us to let you know, that he entirely approves the Choice which his Commons have made 7 And we do, by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, and in his Name; allow and confirm you to be their Speaker.

Then Mr. Speaker said;

My Lords,

Since his Majesty has been pleased to approve the Choice the Commons have made of me to be their Speaker, it becomes me to submit to his Royal Determination, and to receive, with all Humility and Thankful-nefe, this fresh lnft-ance of his Royal Grace and Favour for me; arid, for my Ericouragemerit therein, I have an humble Hope of the Continuance of his Pardon of my Failings and Infirmities in it; at lead that they will not, in any wise, be imputed by His Majesty to his faithful Commons: And that they may be the better enabled to perform their Duty to his Majesty, and their Country’, I do, in their Name, and on their behalf, by humble Petition to his Majesty, lay Claim to all their antient Rights and Privileges; particularly that they, their Servants, and Estate.% rnay be free from Arrests and all other Molesta-tions — -That they may enjoy Freedom of Speech in their Debates, and have Access to his Royal Person. as Occasion' friall require — and that all their Proceedings may receive from his Majesty tire most favourable Construction.

Then the Lord Chancellor said,

Mr!

Messagi. to attend the Peers;

aidiit

of Speake* approved,

UfuaT . Privileges claimed^*

8

A. 1754.

Mr. Speaker,

We have it in Command from the King to acquaint you, that his Majesty is fully persuaded of the Prudence and Temper of this House of Commons, as well as of their Loyally and Duty.

And we do, by virtue of his Majesty’s ConimiCion, and in his Name, declare to you, that the King grants and allows to them all their Privileges, in as full and ample Manner as they have at any Time heretofore been granted" err allowed by his Majesty, or any of his Royal Predecessors.

As to what you, Sir, have detired on your own behalf, the King has never, through a long Course of Years, had any Reason to apprehend, that you can stand in need of Inch an Indulgence; but his Majesty has commanded us to allure you of his gracious Support in the Discharge of your great and arduous Trail; and that be will put the moll favourable Construction both upon your Words and Actions.

The House being returned;

Proceedings Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had been in the in the Peers House of Peers: Where his Majesty, by his Commis-reported. sioners> had been pleased to approve of the Choice the House had made of him to be their Speaker} and that he had, in their Name, and on their behalf, by humble Petition to his Majesty, laid Claim to all their antient Rights and Privileges; particularly that they, their Servants, and Estates, may be free from Arrests, and all other Mo-leftation — That they may enjoy Freedom of Speech in their Debates, and have Accel's to his Royal Person, as Occasion shall require — and that all their Proceedings may receive from his Majesty the moll favourable Construction; which, lie said, his Majesty, by his laid Commissioners, had confirmed to them, by granting and allowing their Privileges in as ample Manner as ever they were granted and allowed by his Majesty, or any of his Royal Predccefiors.

Then Mr. Speaker did again return his humble Thanks to the House for the very great Honour they had now done him; and did allure them of a Continuance of his Fidelity in their Service; humbly requesting the Continuance of their Protection and Assistance to him in the Discharge of this great Trull, and of their Indulgence to him in the Pardon of his Failings and Impeded ions in it} which, he said, he had now much more Reason to desire of them than ever before, as his Age, and the Infirmities attending that, did the more require it.

He then put them in Mind of their Duty, to observe and keep strictly to the Rules and Orders of the House, and particularly to avoid all personal Altercation, and whatever shall lead to that, in their Debates.

He lastly recommended to Gentlemen an earlier Attendance upon the Businessof the House} the Nt-gled of which, he took Notice, had grown to a Degree of late that had rendered the proper Doing of Business almost impracticable; and wifiied therefore that, against the next Session, Gentlemen wotold think of some effectual Methods to prevent the Continuance of so great an Evil.

Tiic Speaker After which, Mr. Speaker put the House in mind, that and other the first thing to be done was to take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and fub-ta e at s. perjke Oath of Abjuration, by Law required.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker first alone, standing upon the upper Step of the Chair, took the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration:

And, after him, several other Members took the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LuncC) 3° die J;

Anno 274 Georgii IiJl Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oath', Member* and made :u,d iub.cnbed the Declaration, and took Tjke Oath*, and subscribed the Oath ot Abjuration, according to the La.\s made (or those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing ckndestine Clandestine Outlawries was read the First Time. Outlawries.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That when he, with the House, Commissioner* went to the House of Peers, upon Saturday last, at the Desire of the Lords Commissioners appointed by his Majesty under the Great Seal of Gre , for opening and holding this present Parliament, the Lord Chancellor, being One of the said Commissioners, made a Speech to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr‘.

Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followed)} viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

In pursuance of the Authority given us by his Majesty *s Commission under the Great Seal, amongst other things, to declare the Causes of your present Meeting, we are, by the King’s Command, to acquaint you, That his Majesty has been graciously plealed to give you this eaily Opportunity of coming together, in order that certain Parliamentary Proceedings may be gone through, which his Majesty judges it will be for the Satisfaction of his good Subjects to have completed without Lois ot Time.

His Majesty does not think proper now to lay before you any Points of general Bufn.cts; reserving every thing of that Nature to the uiual Time of your alfcmbf: g in the Winter. But we are expressly directed to alfere you, that his Majesty has the greatest Confidence in the Duty and good Affections of this Parliament for his Royal Person, Family, and Government, and in their Zeai for the true Intcrell ot their Count)y; of which he doubts not to find the belt Effects.

We have nothing further in Command from his Majesty, except to recommend to you, as well for the public Convenience as your own, to give the utmost Dilparch to what is at present necessary to tome under your Conti-deration.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do lit every Thttrfdayin the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do lit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade to fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That all Members returned upon double Re- Usual turns do withdraw till their Returns are determined. Orders.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Grand. Committees.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly, or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter, or hinder, any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Mif-demeanour; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

'Resolved,

27 Geo. It

Resolved, That if it shall Appear, that any Person hath givep lalfe Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of

Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall lee, or be informed <-f to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any. Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the Hou(e.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the feme to any Person whatsoever. without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of-Middlesex and Westminster, do takecare, that, from Eleven

of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four tiil Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets, between Temple bar and Westminster-hall, shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in WestminslcT-hail, or the Passages leading to the H use, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Wcflwinster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged'out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or feme other Person to be appointed by the Post-master General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours, at the lead, immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Wednesday, Friday, and from Five of the

Vol. 27.

9

Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver tlte same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under t-be , Hands of the Members fending for die fame. '

Ordered, That the said Officer -do, upon his going-away, lock up such Letters as shall cethafn undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered, but within the^Heurs aforesaid.

Ordered, That the fei<T Orders be sent to the Eoft* -

master General.

Ordered, That when-any Letter, dr Packet, direAei to this House, shall come so Mr. Sptaket, be do-.operi the fame, and acquaint the House, at their nexrSrt ng, with the Contents, thereof if proper to be commuhti cated to this PJoule.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is -going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Resolved, That this House will not proceed on any Return, or receive any Petition, complaining of any undue EleAfon or Return of any Member to serve in Parliament, during this Session; but that such Proceedings may be had, and such Petitions may be received, in the next Session.

Ordered, That a-Committee of Privileges be ap- Cot’oIiw pointed. . "

And a Committee was appointed of M-. Chenc "or lr, vlcS<;5* of the Exchequer, Mr. Fuller, Lord M Ky~

nation, Lord Petersham, L -rd Earnout, Sir I ranch P-o/'e,

Mr. BagOt, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Henry Finch, C>

Mr. Fitzwilliams, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hale, * ',

Lord Bury, Vlr Finch, Sir Thorn As Rivl . Richards,

Mr. Harcourt Powell, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Rica: And

they are to meet up >n Wednesday next at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber^ and to fir every Friday, Monday, and in the

Afternoon: And al, that com a e to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideratii n all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Privileges; and to report tlu ir Proceedings, with their 0;.-nu>ji thereupon, so the House, from time to ti ne: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Pap rs, and Reco'ds: And if any thing shall come in Questi n touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed. Votes to being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do ap- Panted-point the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the lime.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Morin’* naturalizing Peter Michael Morin .- To which the Lords N«. desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meffehgers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

D

30 Jun

10

4° — 5

die Jtmii;

ir Regis, 1754-

Members tike Oaths*

Mbrm'i

Nat,

MarttS) 4®

Anno 27* Georgii Prayers*

SEVERALother Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

An ingossed Bill from the Lordsj intituled, An Act

and notify, In his Majesty's Abferice, his Royal-Afient to the said Act, in this House, in the Prelenctfof.you the Lords and Commons, assembled for that TurpofefVVhiclv Commission you will now hear read.

Then the said Commission was read} and-is as followeth; viz- -.

GEORGER. . .

George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith ( and so forth. To our right trusty and right well-beloved the Lords. Spiritual and Temporal} and to pur

Member* tike Oaths.

Msrin’J

Nat.

for naturalizing Peter Michael Morin, was read a Second trusty and well-bclovetJ the Knights, Citizens, and Bur-r

gestes, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, in this present Parliament afletn-bled, Greeting. Whereas we have fe^n, and perfectly understood, an Act, agreed and accorded on by you our loving Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this our present Parliament assembled, and indorsed by you, as hath bee trace uftomed; the Title and Name of which Act hereafter doth particularly enfuej that is to say. An Act for naturalizing Peter Michael Mo* tint And albeit the said Act* by you our laid Subjects, the Lords and Commons, in this our present Parliament assembled, is. fully agreed and consented unto; yet, nevertheless, the same is not of Force and Etfeft in the Law,* without our Royal Afient given and put to the said Act r And forasmuch as, for divers Causes and Confederations, we cannot conveniently, at this time, be present in our Royal Person in the higher House of our said Parliament# being the Place accustomed to give our Royal A dent to such Acts as have been agreed upon by you our said Subjects, the Lords and Commons, we have therefore caused thtfe our Letters Pa»ent to be made, and have signed the fame; and, by the fame, do give and put our. Royal At* font to the said Act, and to all Articles, Clauses, and P;o~ visions, therein contained, and have fully agreed and ai‘-; fenled'to the said Act; willing that the fa-,d Act, and every.

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Sir John Barnard, Lord V-erney, Mr. Mr. Crowley

Sir John CroJJie, Lord Barrington, Mr. Mr.

WalpoleMr. Salujbvry, Mr. Mr. Ongley, Mr. Burrell, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. OJbaldcfton, Mr. Porter, Col. Hotly wood, Mr.

"Cord North, Marquis of Carnarvon, Lord Egmont, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Backwell, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

JDclaval, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Richards,

Lord John Manners, Sir Francis Poole, M r. Boulton > And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

[ Mercur it,50 Junii;

Anno 27* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754. Prayer*.

QEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, and O made and subscribed the Declaration, anrl took onH

made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and.

subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws Article, Clause, Sentence, and Provision, therein contained, made for those Purposes. from henceforth shall be of the same Strength, Force, and:

r Effect, as if we had been personally present in the said

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the higher House, and had openly and publicly, in the Pre-

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for na- ^ence >’ou a"> Rented to the fame; and we do, by those

turalizing Peter Michael Morin, was committed. That ^relents’ declare and notify the same our Royal Afient,

Metope td attend the Peers.

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message by the honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Lord Chancellor, — lifting with several other Lords on a Form between the Throne and the Wool Sacks, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

CommiSon The King, not thinking fit to be present here this for otifying R)ay jn his Royal Person, has been pleased to cause a ait m Tc Commission to be issued under his Great Seal, and thereby given his Royal Afient to an Act, which hath

as well to you the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled a'ordaid, as to all Others whom it may concern; commanding also, by thde Presents, our right trolly and right well-beloved Coufia and Counsellor Philip Earl of Har our Chancellor

ot Great Britain, to leal thefeour Letters Patent with our Great Seal of Great Britain-, and also commanding our most dear Son and faithful Counsellor Duke of

Cumberland, the most Reverend Father in God, and our faithlul Counsellor, Thomas Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of all England, our laid Chan-v cellof of Great Britain, our most dear Cousins and Coun-fellors, Join Earl Granville, President of our Council, John Earl Cower, Keeper of our Privy Seal, Charles Duke of Marlborough, Steward of our Houshold, Charles Duke of Grafton, Chamberlain of our Duke

of Argyll, Thomas Holies Duke of Newcastle, First Commissioner of our Treasury, LionelCranfield Duke of Dorset,

Lieutenant General and General Governor of our Kingdom of Ireland, William Lord Cavendish of,

commonly called Marquis of Hartington, Mailer of our Horse, Robert Earl of Holdernesse, One of our Principal Secretaries of State, William Anne Earl of Albemarle, Groom of our Stole, and our well-beloved and faithful Counsellor George Lord Anson, First Commissioner of our Admiralty, or any Three or more of them, to declare and notify this our lloyal Afient, in our Absence, in the said higher House, in the Presence of you the said Lords, and

been agreed upon in-both Houses of Parliament; the Title the Commons, of our Parliament, there to be assembled whereof is particularly set forth; His Majesty has also, for that Purpose; and the Clerk of our Parliaments to by the said Commission, authorized and commanded the indorse the said Act with such Terms and Words, in our same Commissioners, who are appointed by former Let- Name, as is requisite, and hath been accustomed for the ters Patent to open and hold this Parliament, to declare fame; and also to mroll these our Letters Patent, and the

frrDanm

prorogued,

27 Geo. II. 54 yunii. — 8° Augusti. 11

said Act, in the Parliament Roll; and these our Letters Patent shall be to every of them a sufficient Warrant in that behalf: And, finally, we do declare and will, that, after this our Royal Assent given and parted by these Presents, and declared and notified* as is alortsaid, then and immediately the said Act shall be take.i, acctpted, and admitted, a good, sufficient, and peifeft, Act of Parliament and Law, to all Intents, Constructions, and Pur-pcles, and to be put in due Execution accordingly; ti e Continuance or Difsolution of this our Parliament, or any other U!’e, Custom, Thing or Things, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: And whereas, by our Letters Patent, bearing Date at Westm the Twenty-second

Day of May lift pnft, we did give and giant unto the same our most dear Son, Archb.shop of Canterbury, our Chancellor of Great Britain, President of our Council, Keeper of cur Privy Seal, Steward of pur Houshold, Chamberlain of our Houshold, Duke of Argyll, Duke of (Jewcastle, Duke of Dorset, Lord Cavendish of -

V/yok, Earl of Holdernesse, Earl of Albemarle, and Lott] Anson, or any Three of them, full Power, in our jSlcme, to begin and hold our said Parliament, and to of-n and declare, and caufie to be opened and declared, the Causes of-holding the famfe, and to proceed upon the said Affairs in our said Parliament, and in all Matters anting the rein, and to do every thing which, for us and by us, for the good Government of our laid Kingdom of Great Britain, and other our Dominions thereto belonging, should be therein to be done; and also, if necesftry, to-continue, adjourn, and prorogue, our said Parliament: We do hereby further declare, That our said Letters Patent, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing, the*-in contained, are and shall be in as full Force and Strength (th-Me our Letters Patent, or any thing herein, noiwithstanding), as if theiePresents had not been had 01 made: And our Wi 1 and PJealure is, and we do mdainand consti’ute, tnatthe same our most dearSon, Arcihishop ot Canterbury, our Chancellor of Great Britain, President of our Council, Keeper of our Privy Seal, Steward cf our Houfholci, Chamberlain of our Houshold, Duke of Argyll, Duke of Newcastle, Duke of Dorset, Lo>d Cavendish of Hard-t vyck, Earl of Holdernesse, Earl of , and Lord

Anson, or any Three of them, shall put >n Execution all the Powers and Authorities in the Lid Letters Patent mentioned and expressed, that yet remain to be done and executed. In W itnefe whereof, we have caused these our Letters to be made patent. Witness ourself at minster, the Fifth Day of June, in the Twenty-seventh Year of our Reign.

By the KING himself.

Signed with his own Hand.

Torke and Torke.

And then the Lord Chancellor laid.

In Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands, and by vir* tue of both the Commissions, already mentioned to you (One whereof has be n now read), we declare and notify to you, the Lords Spiritual and Tempcral, and Commons, in Parliament assembled. That his Majesty has given his Royal Assent to the Act in the last mentioned Commission described; and the Clerks are required to pass the same in the usual Form and Words.

And the Royal Afientto the said Bill was pronounced accordingly.

After which the Lord Chancellor said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to T the Eighth Day of August next, to be then here held: And, by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission for opening and holding the present Parliament, and of that now read, this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Thursday the Eighth Day of August next.

You. 27.

Jovis, 8° dieJ

Anno 28* Georgii lld‘ Regis; 1754*

Thi E House being rtiet, ptlrfuant to the* last PrortH

gation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman Ulher Of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Com* toifllon, dylire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read i

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went tip to the House of Peers r Where a Commission, iftidct the Great Seal, was read; and is aS followerh j viz.

George fc*

George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and f> forth* To our most dear Son, and faithful Counselior, tVilliaih Duke of Cumberland, the most reverend Father in God, and our faithful Counselior, Thomas Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate and Metropolitan of ail England\oufmost deaf Cousin and Counselior Earl ot

Hardnycke, our Chancel or of Great Britain, theruoft m-vc*. rend Father in God, and our faithful Couulellor, Archbishop of York, Primateand Metropolitan of England, our most dear Cousins and Counsellors, John Ear Granville, President of our Council, John La-1 Keeper

of our’Privy Seal, Charles Duke of Marlborough, Steward of otis Houshold, Charles Duke of Grafton, ( hai berlain of our Houshold, Charles Duke of John Duke of

Bedford, William Du ice of "John Duke of

Rutland. Archibald Duke of Argyll, Duke of Athol, Peregrine Duke uf Ancaster ano KeJlevtn, Grc2.t. Chamberlain ot England, Thomas Holies Duke o' Lionel

Di ke of for Jet, John Marq uis of Tzveeddale, IVilli am Lo vf Cavendish of Hardwyck, commonly called Marquis -of Hauington. Daniel Earl of and Nottingham,

Philip Ej rl of Chesterfield, John Earl of Sandwich, Robert

Ear! of Ho/dernesse, One of our principal Secretaries of

State, William Anne Earl of Albemarle, William Earl of Jo fey, Henry Earl of Grantham, Francis Earl of Godolphin, George Earl of Ckofmnrdeley, John Earl of

George Dunk Earl of Halifax, James Earl 1

Benjamin tarl Fitzwa/ter, Treasurer of our H.ulhold,

William Earl of Harrington, William Ear! of Bath, John Earl cf Buckinghamshire, Simon Earl Harcourt, Charles

Ear! Cornwallis, the Right Reve-end Father in God, and our faithful Counselior, Thomas Lord Bishop of London, and our well-beloved and faithful Counsellors, John Lord Delawar, John Lord Berkeley of Stratton, Allen Lord Bathurji, Rickard Lord Edgcumbe, Chancellor of our Duchy of Lancaster, Samuel Lord Sandys, and Georgt Lord Anson, Greeting. Whereas, by the Advice of our Council, for certain arduous and urgent Affairs, concerning us, the State, and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and the Church, we did order a certain Parliament to be holden at our City of Westminster on Friday the Thirty-first Day of Misty last post; on which Day our laid Parliament was begun and held, and from thence was adjourned and prorogued to and until Thursday the Eighth Day of this instant August, then to be held and fit at ouf City f f Westminster aforesaid: And whereas, by our Letters Patent, under our Great Seal of Great Britain, bear* ing Date at Westminster the Twenty-second Day of the same Month of May, we did give and grant unto our ia.d most dear Son. and to the said Archbishop of Canterbury, our Chancellor of Great Britain, Prefn lent ot our Council, Keeper of our Pnvv Seal, Stewa-d of our Houshold, Chamberlain of our Houshold, Duke of Duke of

Newcastle, Duke of Dorset, Lord Cavendish of Hardwyck, Earl of Hoidernegi, Earl of Albemarle, and Lord Anson, and any Three of them, fuh Power, inour Name, to begin and hold our said Parliament, and to proceed upon the said Affairs therein, and t j do every’ thing which, lor us and by us, for the good Government of our laid Kingdom

M.-flags to attend the Fters.

Commission

tot further P^nr vUing PeirluiGcnu

Proclamation

for

proroguing

Parliament.

is 8° Angus ti. — 22°Oclobris. A. 1754*

of Great Britain, and other our Dominions thereto belonging, Ihoqld be the>c to be done; and also, if necessary, to continue, adjourn, and prorogue, our laid Parliament: Now know ye, That we have revoked and de-.jtermined, and, by thele Presents, do revoke and determine, our laid recited Letters Patent, and all things therein contained: And further know ye, Thar, for certain preding Causes and Considerations us especially moving, we have thought fit further to prorogue our laid Parliament: Therefore we, confiding very much in your fidelity. Prudence, and Circ u m spe & ion, have, by the Advice and Consent of our Council, assigned you our Commissioners, giving to you, or to any Three or more of you,

Jby virtue-of thele Prefects,-full Power and Authority, from the said Eighth Day of this instant , in our ^Name, further to prorogue and continue our present Parliament, at our City of Westmi aforesaid, until and unto Tuesday the Two-and-twentie.th Day of pow

next following, there then to be held and fit:.And therefore vie command you, That you diligently attend to the Premises, and effectually fulfil them in the manner aforesaid: We also ftnftly command all and Angular our Arch-bishops, Dukes, Marquifles, Earls, Viscounts, Bishops, Barons, Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioners -for our Counties and Boroughs, and all others whom it concerns, to meet at our said Parliament, by virtue of theie Presents, that they observe, obey, and assist you in executing the Premises, as they ought to do. In Witness 'whferepf, we have caused thele our Letters to be made Patent. Witness ourself at W, the Sixth Day of August, in the Twenty-eighth Year of our Reign.

By jthe KING himself.

Signed with his own Hand.

Yorke and Ycrke.

And then the Parliament was, by, virtue of the said Commission, prorogued until Tttefday the and Day of ORobet next.

publish and declare. That the said Parliament firajl be further prorogued, on the said Twenty-second Day ot -October, to Thursday the Fourteenth Day of November next: And we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Commission for proroguing the same accordingly: And we do hereby further declare our Royal Will and Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Fourteenth Day of November next, be J eld and fit for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at fVestminster, on the said Fourteenth Day of November next.

Given at our Court at Kenj, the Twenty-sixth Day of September 1754, in the Twenty-eighth Year of our Reign.

GOD lave the King.

Mortis, 2 2" dOStobris;

Anno 28* Georgii II. Regis, 1754.

THE House being met, pursuant Jo the lift Proro-. . gationi

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Qpmniission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to th? House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until ‘Thursday the Fourteenth Day of November next.

Parliament

further

prorogued*

_ U. VTMC- And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until

By the Ik I In Lr. Thursday the 14th Day of next.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGER.

‘1K WHEREAS our Parliament stands prorogued to T uefdaythe Twenty-second Day of October next,

we, yrith the Advice of our Privy Council, do hereby

LaOOtfie

Message to attend the King.

Members take Oaths.

Members take Oaths.

Clandestine Out lawries.

The King's Speech reported.

t is ]

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS

Sess. 1754 — 5-

jfovis, 140 die Novembrh;

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754.

AM ESS AGE from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry Bell, Gentleman Usher

of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Several Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 150 die;

Anno 2S® Georgii IF* Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

O EVERAL other Members present took the Oaths, O and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That when the House attended his Majesty Yesterday in the House of Peers, his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker laid, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is with great Pleasure that I meet you in Parliament, at a Time when the late Elections have afforded my People an Opportunity of giving fresh Proofs of their Duty and Affection to my Person and Government; in the Choice of their Representatives.

The general State of Affairs in Europe has received very little Alteration since your last Meeting: but I have the Satisfaction to acquaint you, that I have lately received the strongest Assurances from my good Brother the King

Vol. 27.

of Spaing of his firm Resolution to cultivate Friendftup and Confidence with me, with reciprocal Acts of Harmony and good Faith; and that he will persevere in these Sentiments. It shallbemy principal View, as well to ft lengthen the Foundations, and secure the Duration, of the general Peace, as to improve the present Advantages ofir, for promoting the Trade of my good Subjects, and protecting those Possessions, which make one great Source of our Commerce and Wealth;

The Plan formed by the last Parliament for appropriating the forfeited Estates in the Highlands to the public Benefit, appears to be of such national Importance, that I am persuaded you will not omit any proper Opportunity of completing it. Let me also recommend it to you to make such further Provisions as may be expedient for perpetuating the due Execution of the Laws, ar.J the just Authority of my Government, in that Part of the united Kingdom.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates for the enduing Year to be prepared and laid before you. The Supplies which I have to ask of you are such as shall be necessary for the ordinary Services, for the Execution of such Treaties as have b.en communicated to you, for consolidating and maintaining that System of Tranquility, which is my great Object, and, at the same time, for securing uurselves against any Incroachments.

The gradual Reduction of the National t)ebt, which has been so wifely and successfully begtm, will, I make no doubt, have your serious and constant Attention.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is unnecessary for me to use any Arguments to press upon you, Unanimity and Dispatch in your Proceedings;

I have had such ample Experience of the Fidelity, Zeal, and good Disposition, of my Parliaments, during the course of my Reign, that I trust there is a mutual Confidence established between us; the surest Pledge of my own and my People’s Happiness.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to uffure his Majesty, that his faithful Commons will gladly embrace every Opportunity of testilying their inviolable Attachment and Duty to his Royal Person, Family, and Government; to express the great Satisfaction it gives us to find that the wife Mea-lures, which his Majesty has pursued for (Lengthening and securing the general Peace, have been attended with so explicit a Declaration on the Part of the King of Spain, of his Resolution to cultivate Frknaship and Confidence with his Majesty; to acknowledge, with the highest Sense of Gratitude, his Majesty’s constant and uniform Endeavours for the Preservation of the public

E tran-

Address on the King’s Speech.

Relief of Out Petitioners of Chelsea.

Members

take Oaths.

Shrew (bury to

Wrexham

Roads.

14 150 — 16° NovA. 1754.»

Tranquillity, at the same time that he hath not suffered his Attention tobe diverted fromthe ngeeflary Consideration of Self-defence; and to allure his Majesty, that we will support him, and chearfully grant Rich Supplies as may give Weight and Efficacy to his Majesty’s Measures for the Preservation of the general Peace, and enable him to vindicate his just Rights and Possessions from all Incroachments; to promise his Majesty, that nothing shall be wanting on our Parts to complete and render effectual, to the common Benefit of the united Kingdom, that iiilutary Plan formed by the last Parliament for appropriating the forfeited Estates in the Highlands to the Uses of the Pub-

o

lie; and to assure his Majesty, that the gradual Reduction of the National Debt, anc! the Improvement ot Trade and Commerce, so efl'ential to the Strength and Power of this Kingdom, shall be the Objcds ot our serious and constant Attention.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And it is referred to Sir George Lee, Col.

Col. Conway, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Chancellor ot Exchequer,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir John Mr. Grenville, Lord Dtwne, Lord D up pi; a, Mr. Ellis, Lord Egmont, Col. Haldane, Lord the Marquis of

Granby, Lord Barrington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Geo. Towujher.d, Mr. Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. William Pitt, Sir Thomas Sir Geo.

Lyttelton, Mr. Charles Town]/)endMr. rotter-, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Sneaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. William Pitt have Leave to make a Motion; it being near Five of the Clock.:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea: And that Mr. William Pitt, Mr. James Grenville, Colonel Conway, Mr Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Thorn-hagh, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 16" dieNovembris; Anno aS* Georgii Ilai Regis, 1754. Prayers.

SEVERAL other Members present took the Oaths* and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Ellesmere, in the County of Salop, and Overton> in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read setting forth, That the Sum of £. 1,000 has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Act which, with the Produce of the feYeral Tolls, has been laid out in erecting Toll-gates, Houses for the Collectors, Bridges, and performing other necessary Works, on the said Road* and great Progress is already made in repairing the fame* but that, by reason the Trustees are prohibited by the said Act from erecting Toll-gates on several Parts of the said Road, many Persons, by that means (though they travel several Miles on the said Road), avoid Payment of the Tolls* and further letting forth, That the several Roads leading from

Marchwiel to While ha; ch. in the County of Salop, and from the Bottom ol\ 'ZzVid'a? Aar!'. in the Yoivmhip ot Erl* (leek, to R i'd bod, in the said Conrrv of DoubAr, and also the fevers.! high Roads fading Ircrn Canton to Hunger, and from Overtop through P:.:Z\\ to limner? are, in many Places, by reason of the many Carriages patting thereon, become lb deep ami ruinous, and, in the Winter Season, lo very bad, that Carriages cannot pai’> without great Danger* and that the bud Ruads cmnor, by the ordinary Courie 01 Law, be ciTtftually amended, and kept in good Repair: And therefore pra\ ing. 'That Leave may be given to bring in a Bui to enlarge tlw Term and Powers of the said Act, and to render the same more effectual* and also to repair the above-mentioned other Roads.

A Petition or several Centlerr.cn, Freeholders, and others, retiding upon or near the Kurd between March-voicl, in the County of Denbigh, and Whit chunk, in the County of Salop, was also presented to the House, and read* alleging, That tire iaid Road is, by reason of the many heavy Carriages ot Coa.s, Timber, and other Goods, very deep and dangerous to llavft!e:.c, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually mended, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpnles mentioned in the preceding Petition* or that the House wruid grant such other Relief to the Petitioners, a, to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be ref rred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that tla v do examine the Matter thereof* and report the lame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Kynaston, Mr Fane, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Aldnorth, Mr. Curzon, Colonel Conzvay, f ir William Irby, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Oijlau, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bcdvilie, Lord Cary $ forty Sir Geo. Lee, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. LeiAs, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Uav, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Foley, Mr. Richard Lyttelton, Sir John Turner, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Pitt. Mr. Prove/:, Mr. Verge, Mr. Affleck, Sir Nicholas Boi’ey* and ftl the Members who serve for the Counties ot Salop, Chester, Stafford, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: Arid have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir George Lee reported from the Comm:; tee appointed Yesterduy to draw up an Address, to he prefer, red to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly* which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the same in hs Place* and afterwards delivered it in ai the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read and is as followeth viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament aliembicd, beg Leave to return your Majesty onr unfeigned Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne and to assure your Majesty, that your faithful Commons will gladly embrace every Opportunity of testifying their inviolable Attachment and Duty to your Royal Person, Family, and Government.

It gives us the greatest Satisfaction to find, that the wile Measures your Majesty has puriued fi r (Lengthening and (ecuring the general Peace, have been attended with so explicit a Declaration, on the Part of the King of Spain, of his Resolution to cultivate Friendship and Confidence with your Majesty.

We acknowledge, with the highcftSenfe of Gratitude, your Majesty’s constant and uniform Endeavours for the Preservation of the public Tranquility, at the same time that your Majesty has not buffered your Attention to be diverted from the necessary Consideration of Self-defence , and we assure your Majesty, that we will support your Majesty, and chearfully grant such Supplies as may give Weight and Efficacy to your Majesty’s Measures for the

Prefier-

Shrewihvry

to

Wrcx.’iarn

Loads.

A dc! refs on the Kind’s Speech.

a8 Gf.o. IL i 6’ Novsmlm. is

Preservation of the general Peace, and enable your Majesty to vindicate your jull Rights and Possessions from all Incroauiments.

We beg Leave to a flu re your Majesty, that nothing shall be wanting, on our Parts, to complete and render effectual, to the common Benefit of the united Kingdom, that Salutary Plan, formed by the last Parliament, for appropriating the forfeited El fates in the Highlands to the Ulcsof the Public; and we allure your Majesty, that the gradual Reduction of the National Debt, and the Improvement of Trade and Commerce, so client ini to the Strength and Power of this Kingdom, shall be the Objcdls of our seriousand constant Attention.

The said Address, being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nanine contradicThat the House dotli

agree with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

The K'ng’s Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to Spteui b0fh Houses of Parliament, be taken into Consideration

coniidcrud. -upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Ralcn Mainwarin? , Effunre, Lord

( u 'I '

iauju-e. of the Manor of Stillingfleet, in the County of York, and I / (Tee for a long derm of Years of the Rectory and great Tyrhes in Stiding fleet aforesaid, the Right Worship-iu\ Join Fcuntww.e, Doctor of Divinity, Dean of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of St. Peter in York, and the Chanter of the same Church, Owners of the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the Rectory of SliUingfleet aforesaid, and of the great Tythes there, in Trust for the Schoolnaaiter of the Free Grammar School in the Horse Fair, near the City of York, the Reverend Zacluiriah Flake, Schoolmaster of the said Free School, and of Sir Ralph Milbank, Baronet, Hewley Baines, Esquire, Robert Potter, Clerk, William Richardson, and Mary his Wife, Edward Turner, and Jane his Wile, Joseph Simpson, William Pawson, and other the Freeholders, and other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands, and Right of Common, in and on the common Fields and commonable Lands of and in the said Lorcl-ship of Stiiiingfieet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said common Fields and common-able Lands, contain together Fifteen hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that if they were divided and inclosed, the same would be very useful and convenient for the carrying on of Husbandry, and keeping a Stock of Cattle, and other Improvements might be made thereby, which would be very beneficial to the Parties intercfled therein; and that the Petitioners are desirous, and have agreed, that the several Shares, Parts, and Proportions, of the said several Proprietors of and in the said common Fields and commonable Lands, shall be thrown into an Average, that the same may be divided and allotted amongst them, in proportion to their respective Shares and Inter'efts therein; and that each Proprietor may hold his Share and Allotment in Severalty, tree from any common Right therein; and that an annual Compensation may be made to the Lessee and Impropriator, for the Time being, of the said Rectory, in heu of the great Tythes, and to the Vicar for the small Tythes, arising from the said common Fields and commonable Lands; but that, notwithstanding such Division and Inclosure will tend to the public Good, as well as to the mutual Advantage of all Persons concerned therein, yet the same cannot be effectually made without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allot ling, the common Fields and commonable Lands aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame, and for other the Purposes aforesaid. Vcl. 2J.

Ordered, Thai Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- futnt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ord and Mr. Crofter, do prepare; and bring in; the fame.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand . fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. Committees.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do lit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts cf Justice, do lit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the'

House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be appointed: of

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Duppiin, Mr. ^5es3

Lewis Watson, Lord Hil/JbonugJi, Mr. Denis, Colonel c*

Conway, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Hen. Grey, Mr. Hardinge, Captain James Mure Campbell, Mr. Mclyneux, Col. John Campbell, oir George Lee,

JVIr. Dv.gaid Campbell, Mr. Elliot, Mr. James Campbell,

Mr. Campbell. Mr. C-efwell, Mr. C.ftozv, Mr. Kxnaflon,

Mr. Colvill, Mr. Lyster, Sir John Turner, Mr. Dickson,

Mr. Hayes, S r John Gordon, Mr. Olm'its, Mr. Potter,

Mr. Hardman, Mr. Talbot, CH. Griffin, Lord Ferney'

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Clevland, Mr. John Calvert,

Lord Barrington, Mr. Crofter,' Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Henry Pelham,

Sir Wm. ‘ Irby, Mr. Shelley, Mr. James Pelham, Sir Francis Poole, General Hollywood, Sir Francis Drake,

Mr. Lee, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Sahifbury,

Mr. Stephenson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hay, Mr. Robert More,

Mr. Niclioljon Calvert, Mr. Martin, Mr. West, General Onslow, Mr. Cope, Mr. Brooke Fcrrefter, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Mcftyn, Mr. Savage Mojlyn, Mr. Moretou,

Mr. Yonge, Mr. Walpole, Admiral Gvffi't, Mr. Robin fan,

Mr. Scot, Mr. Willes, Mr. Urn dene 7, :v; r. FHlozves, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. W,n. Forrester, Mr. John CampY.il, junior.

Lord Hnve, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Brijiuw3 Lord Harley,

Mr. Cayley, Lord Strange, Mr. Webb, Mr. Thomas Wat-ftrr, Mr. Boone, Mr. Torke, Sir William Middleton, Mr.

7hornhagh, the Marquis of Granby, Mr Bapt/fl Leveson Gower, Mr. Phillipson, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Lcrmbe, Mr. Wilkin [on, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Murray, Mr. Ofwaid, Mr. Grove, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Roger Talbot, Mr. i'uckfield,

Mr. Holmes, Lord Bury, Sit William Yonge, Mr. Tempest,

Mr. Stezvart, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Burrard,

Mr. ArundelV, Mr. Howard, Mr. Jonyns, Sir John Bland,

Mr. Bold, Sir Packard Lyttelton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

Archer, Sir Robert Ladbrooke, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Charles Tynte, Lord Trent hem, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Trek), Sir John Gift, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Dashzvood, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Moore: And they are to meet upon Monday Seven night, ar Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber* and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon:

And all who come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come inQuestion touching Returns, Eieftions, and Privileges; and to proceed upon, double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And alt Persons who will queffron any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next, after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Eteftion by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And it any

tTfual

XJrtJeri,

16 163 — -i8* Novembris. A. r ncA.

thing shall come in Question totiching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And all Members returned upon double Returns are to withdraw till their Returns arc determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament,

Resolved, That Where the House shall judge any Petition touching Ele<ftions, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any xrther corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the Utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath teen tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or, directly or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanour; and this House will proceed with the titmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmdft Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to l'erve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be dill barged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume ro deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the Haute, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning, to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster-hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of IVefmhfter; and that he do lie the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen, attending the Members of this House, to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that r.o such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the Intercepting or Losing cf Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or tome other Person to be appointed by the Post-master G eneral, do, for the future, cvciy L):.v, during the Session of Parliamet t, Sundays excepted, con-Handy attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning, till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the iuut immediately after the Kiting of the House; and also on every Monday, IVedncfJcy, and Friary, trom Five c( the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members, to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members lending for the lame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his gffing away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered* and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be lent to the Post-master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to iVIr. Speaker, he do open the lame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, alter such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker* and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills, after the Sixteenth Day ol January next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, i 8° die;

Anno 28° Georgii Ila* Regis, 1754. Prayers.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others. Inhabitants of the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Road from the High Bridge in the

Town

The Votes to be printed.

Private

Bills,

Ramley,

&c.

Road.

The King’s Speec/i considered.

Supply.

28 Geo. II.

18° Novembris.

Town of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon* through King's Ripton> to the Went Kml of St. Peter s Lane, in the Parish of 5/. Job:, within the Borough of Huntingdon, is ina very ruinous Condition, and, inseveral Places, very incommodious and nanow; and alleging. That the Re^ pairing and Widening of the said Hoad would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of that Part of the said

Cj

County, and of public Utility, as the Communication

Science, which my faithful Commons repose in me, gives;

me the greeted: Satisfaction

You may reiy en the Continuance of my Endeavours (o. preserve the public Tranquility, to albertand vindicate the just Rights and PoUcflions ot my Sukjtsfts, and to do every thing cn my Part, which can render this Nation, happy and ilourishing both at homo and abroad.

with several Turnpike Roads at or near the said Borough A Petition of the Right Honourable Thomas Parker,-, of Huntingdon, would be greatly facilitated; but that the commonly called Lord Viscount Parker, and Sir said Road cannot be effetflually repaired and widened by Turner, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read j> the ordinary Course of Law; and that, to prevent Persons felting forth. That, at the la ft Election of Knights to escaping any Turnpike to be set upon the said Road, it lerve in this present Parliament for the Coutity of will be necessary to (top up a Lane, called OxmireLane, the Petitioners, and the Right I honourable Philip IVenman,. within the said Borough, to fence, next, the common Lord Viscount in the Kingdom of Ireland, and:

Field from the East End ok Hartford Lane, near the said Sir Baronet, were Candidates; and that

Borough, on the North Side thereof, to the First House the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes, and only on the North Side of the Town of Hartford, in the said ought lo have been returned; but that a double Return County, and to stop up a Lane, called Mill Lam, in of the Petitioners and the said Lord and Sir;

Hartfordatoresaid: And therefore praying, That Leave James Dashwood has been made; and alleging, that.many, may be given to bring in a bill for repairing and widen- undue Pract ices were made ula of, on the behalf of the

ing the said Road, and Hopping up and fencing the said Lanes and Places, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ofa Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bel elder, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Webb, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

said Lord IVenman and Sir Jbc-fore and during the Course of the said Election: And thetefbjre. praying the House to take the Premif s into Contirieration, and to give the Petitionets such Relief as the' House shall think proper.;

A Petition of the Right Honourable Philip Lord Viscount Wenman, of the Kingdom ok Ireland, and Sir James Dashwood, Baronet, was also presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the fc led ion for the

Prowse, Mr. Alderman Dickenson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Boul- County of came on on the 17 th Day of

ton, Mr. More, Sir Wm.Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Hard-April 1 754, at the County Court, held for the said County; man, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. at the City of Oxford, before ’Thomas Blackball, Esquire, Willy, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gore, Lord Hillfaorough, Mr. High Sheriff of the said County; and, alleging, that, dur-

Pitt, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Thomhagh, ing a Poll which continued from the 17th Day of April Mr. Hay, Mr . Nor they, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. WilhuJsn, un:il the said 23d Day of the said Month, the said Sheriff

Mr. Yonge, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Neivnham, behaved with the utmost Partiality in favour of the Lord-Lord Carysfort, Col. Conzv ay, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Egerton, Viscount and Sir Baronet, who,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ofbaldcflon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cal- together with the Petitioners, were named and appeared

vert, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Morel on, Mr. Moore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr.

Saunders, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Page, Mr. and all

the Members who lerve fur the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Uncoln, and Northampton: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same tvas again read by Mr. Speaker.

as Candidates; notwithstanding which Behaviour, at the Close of the Pol), the Votes appeared to be The Lord Viscount IVenman -1 'I’lie said Sir fames Day wood

For-

The said Lord Viscount Parker -

2,014, 1,919 1,890

:e laid Sir Edward-Turner,

Which Numbers were then publicly read by the said Sbc-riiT, w'ho thereupon declared the Majority to be in favour of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners were accordingly duly elected Knights of the Shire lor the said County, and ought to have been returned; but that a Scrutiny being then demanded, and granted, on behalf of the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, the said Sheriff appointed the same to be proceeded upon the Sth Day of

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted May following (which reduced the lime for the Scrutiny

to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Time The Earl of Hi!/storouglireported to the House, That appointed for pjs Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Address? Order of Saturday last, humbly to know his Majesty’s Pleasure, when he would be attended by this House, had been pleated to appoint to be attended immediately, at his Palace of Saint James,

And then the House adjourned till Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Anfucr

to

Address.

to Twenty-three Days); and, alter having, made a Declaration in the Words or to the Effect following, viz. " My " Delire is, that Expedition fir all he utecl on both Sides; " for if the Scrutiny is nor finished on both Sides before " the Return of the Writ, such Scrutiny must be fruitletsbegan to hear the Objections made on behalf of the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, pofilively refuting to allow the Petitioners to objaft to any the Votes for Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, or to an-Ever any of the said Objections made on their behalf, until the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner hadgene through all their Objections to every Person they thought fit ro object to, who had been received upon the Pofi as

— -----. — _ Voters for the Petitioners; and that the ljke Proceedings,

T> r n/t 'J on the Part of the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward

Pojt 1*jS/’t(hew. Turner, continued 10, and were hmihed on, the 27th Day

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had at tended of the said Month immediately after which, the

his Majesty with their Address: To which his Majesty Petitioners proceeded to, and did, requality several of the

was pleased to give this most gracious Anliver: Gentlemen,

I Return you my Thanks for your most dutiful and loyal Address.

So early and unanimous a Mark of the Trufr and Con-. Vol, 27.

Voters for the Petitioners, io objected to until the 30th Day ok May, and were then proceeding in the like manner, when the said Sheriff, who, during the whole Scrutiny, behaved with the utmost Partiality in favour of the liod Lord Parker and Sir Edmund Turner, stopped any further

F Pi 0*

Oxford County £ led ion*

Ditto.

18 18° Novembris.A. 1754.

Oxford

County

XleAion.

Proceedings, and declared, he mull: return his Writ; whereupon the Petitioners insisted>and expected, according to the said declared Majority upon the Poll, that they only should be returned, by the said Sheriff, Knights of the Shire for the said County; but that, to the great Surprise of the Petitioners, the said Sheriff has taken upon himself, without any Colour, and in a partial Manner, to make a Return of the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, together with the Petitioners; and further alleging, that, as there stands upon the Face of the Poll a great Majority of Votes for the Petitioners, received, declared, and never struck out or disallowed, the Petitioners apprehend they ought, in all Events, to have been returned only: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, and praying, That the House will order the said Return to be amended accordingly, and give the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, before and at the last Election for the said County, many corrupt and illegal Practices were made use of by the Lord Parker and Sir Edward , and their Agents, in order to obtain a Majority on the Poll; and that the Lord Wtnman and Sir James Dash-wood, for whom the Petitioners voted, had, at the Close of the Poll, a considerable Majority, notwithstanding the partial Behaviour of the Sheriff, and the Number of illegal Votes admitted for Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner-, and that a Scrutiny being granted by the Sheriff, at the Request of the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, the same was proceeded on by the Sheriff in a partial Manner, as it allowed Lord Wenman and Sir James no Opportunity to object to any of the bad Votes on the Side of the other Candidates, nor even Time to answer, by far, the greater Part of the Objections made to those who polled for themselves; and that though the said Scrutiny was not completed, nor any Numbers declared by the Sheriff on the Close of it, yet lie took upon himself arbitrarily and illegally to return Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, together with Lord Wenman^.nd Sir James wood, in the same Indenture of Return, contrary to the Majority of Votes received by him upon the Poll, and to his own Declaration of the Numbers at the Close of the Poll, without a subsequent public Examination into the Rights of the Voters on both Sides, previous to such Return; in manifest Violation of the Freedom of Elections, and of the Rights of the Petitioners, and other Freeholders of the said County, who are thereby deprived of having any Representatives to fit in the House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Matters of the said Petitions, and of the said double Return, be heard at the Bar of this House:

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

5

97-

‘Mr. Nugent,

Ellis:

Teller, for he NoeJ l"

(Mr, Poivney.

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petition0, and of the said double Return, be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petition0, and of the said double Return, be heard at the Bar of tills House upon Tuesday the Third Day of December next.

Xew A Petition of Julines Beckford, Esquire, was presented Sarum to the House, and read; letting forth. That, at the last Election. general Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of New Sarum, the Petitioner, and the honourable 17

William Bouverie and Edward Poore, Esquire, were Candidates; and alleging, that, upon the Close of the Poll, there was a very great Majority of legal Votes in.favour of the said William Bouverie and the Petitioner, who ought to have been declared duly elected, and returned accordingly; notwithstanding which, Richard Hicks, Esquire, then Mayor, who presided as Returning Officer for the said City* did, in an arbitrary, partial, and illegal Manner, and again!!: the Consent of the M.ijoiity of the Voters of the said City, take upon himself to return the Petitioner, together with the said William Bouverie and EdivardPoore, by which said Return the Petitioner is greatly aggrieved; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief therein, as shall seem convenient.

A Petition of the honourable William Bouverie was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, at the said Election for the City of Neiv Sarum, the Petitioner had a very great Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have beep declared duly elected; and complaining of the Return of the Petitioner together with ‘julines Beckford and Edward Poore, Esquires: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and togrant the Petitioner such Relief therein, as shall seem convenient.

A Petition of Edward Poore, Esquire, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, at the said Election for the City of Neiv Sarum, the said William Bouverie, Esquire, and the Petitioner, had an undoid/ed Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been return.d: And therefore praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of 'Thomas Buxton, Gentleman, Mayor of the Borough of War eh am, in the County of Dorset, and of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having a Right of voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Electors, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Mayor is the proper Officer to make the Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the Petitioner Buxton was Ma yor of the said Borough at the last Election; and letting forth, That Azvnsham Churchill, Esquire, High Sheriff of the said County, upon the Receipt of the Writ for electing Members to serve in the present Parliament for and within the said County, made out his Precept, directed to the Petitioner Buxton, for Electing of Two Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the

Ur O

said Borough; and that the said Petitioner did, on Friday the 19th Day of April last, cause public Notice to be given, in the said Borough, that he would proceed to the Elect ion of Two Burgesses for the said Borough on Tuesday the 23d Day of the same Month; and that accordingly, on the last mentioned Day, the Petitioner Buxton proceeded to such Election, when Henry Dr ax and Thomas Erie Drax, Esquire?, offered themselves as Candidates to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, an 1 were elected without Opposition; and that thereupon the Petitioner Buxton, by Indenture, returned the said Henry Drax and Thomas Erie Drax, as Burgesses to serve for the said Borough, to the said High Sheriff, who hath returned the said Indenture, together with the said YWitand Precept, to the Clerk of the Crown; but that the said High Sheriff hath also returned another Indenture, purporting to be made by one Daniel Dugdule, One of ti e capital Burgestes of the said Borough, and to be a Return of John Pitt and William Augujhis Pitt, Inquires, as Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, although the said Dugdale had no Right to make ffich Return; and further alleging, that the said Daniel Dugdale, in making the said Indenture, and the hid High Sheriff, in returning the fame, have done mam ft ft injustice to the Petitioners

Nets

Sarum

Election,

Ditto*

Wa reham Ekuion.

Wafeham

Eicflion.

Ditto.

28 Geo. II. 180

tioners, and violated the Rights of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Count'd, in Support of their own Rights, as well as those of the said Borough.

A Petition of Henry Dr ax and ‘Thomas Erie , Esquires, was also preleuted to the House, and read; alleging, That, at the last Election for the said Borough of Wareham, the Petitioners were legally chosen and ret urned by the proper Officers; but that Mr. Danielthe Second capital Burgess of the said Borough, having obtained Possession of the Sheriff’s Precept, took upon himself to act as Returning Officer, though he had not the least Colour of Right for lb doing, and hath returned John Pitt and William Augustus Pitt, Esquires, to the Sheriff

of the said County, who, in consequence thereof, hath made a double Return of the Petitioners, together with the said John Pitt and William m manitell

Wrong to the Petitioners, and in open Violation of Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premif« into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners fuel) Relief, as to the House Hull appear reasonable.

A Petition of John Pitt, Esquire, and William Augustus Pitt, Esquire, was also preferred to the House, and read; Jetting forth, That the Petitioners were Candidates at the last Election for the said Borough of; and that

Henry Drax, Esquire, and Thomas Erie Drax, Esquire, were also Candidates at the same Eleiftion: That the said Borough is a Borough by Prefcnption, confirmed by Charter granted by Queen Anne in the Second Year of her Reign, and thereby Hands incorporated by the Name of Mayor, capital Burgesses, and Aflidants (the said Mayor to be annually choien out of the capital Burgesses); in which Charter there is a Power given to the Mayor, for the Time being, in case of Sickness or necessary Absence, to appoint a Deputy out of the capital Burgesses to act for him during such Sickness or Absence; and that, to prevent an Election being duiy had, and to answer the indirect Purposes of the said and Thomas Erie

Drax, Thomas Buxton, then Mayor of the said Corporation, designedly, and at their Procurement, did, on the very Day of ilfuing the Writ for the said Ele&Lon, withdraw himself from the said Borough, without appointing any of the said capital Burgesses to act as Deputy for him during his Absence, and did purpoftly remain ferreted until the Time allowed by Law for the Delivery of the Precept was expired, and did thereby prevent the Delivery of the said Precept to him; and that, under the Circumftar.ccs before Rated, the Sheriff's Deputy, holding himself obliged to deliver the Precept within Three Days, the Time limited by Law for that Purpose, and willing to make the best Delivery thereof he could (the Time for the Delivery of the same being then near expired, and the Mayor (fill absent), offered it to Aphony Trew, a known Agent to the said Bleary Drax and Thomas Erie Drax for their Concerns within the said Borough, and the lenior capital Burgess of the said Corporation; which being, with a View to serve the same indirect Purposes, refuted by him, the Sheriff’s Deputy next offered it to Daniel Dugdale, the Second capital Burgess,

who received and made due Proclamation for an Election under it; and that after the said Dugdale had received the Lid Precept, and made Proclamation, he, at divers times, offered to deliver the same to the said Mayor, in case he would make the legal and proper Use thereof; but he refuted to accept the Precept upon any such Terms; and that the said Dugdale held the Election agreeable to the Proclamation he had previously made; and a Poll being demanded, as well lor the said Henry Drax and Thomas Erie Drax, as ior the Petitioners, the same was regularly entered into, and continued for Three whole Days, till there remained no more Votes on either Side to poll; and that, on calling up the Poll, there appeared a Majority of Forty-five for the Petitioners, who were thereupon, by Indenture of Return, executed by the said Dug-dak, and annexed to the Precept, returned as duly elected: but that, notwithstanding the Premises, the said Vol. 27,

Mayor, after such Return made as aforesaid, and long

after the Time prescribed by Law for holding the Flection

was expired, did, as the Petitioners have been informed,

go to the Town Hall of the said Borough with the other

Candidates, and a few of their Friends only, and there,

without any Poll taken, declare them duly elected; and

did execute an Indenture between himself of the one

Part, and the said Sheriff’of the other, which hath also

been filed, together with the said Ds Return; and

alleging, that the said Indenture, so returned by the said

Mayor, and filed as aforesaid, is, and ought to be confi- ’

dered as, a Nullity; howbeit they are, by means thereof,

and as in the same of a double Return, prevented from

taking their Seats in Parliament: And therefore praying

the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and

give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall teem

meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Dodd, Esquire, was presented to the Reading House, and read; letting forth, That, at the last Election Election, of Burgesses to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, the Petitioner, together with William Strode, Esquire, and the Right Honourable Charles Lord Viscount Fane of the Kingdom of Ireland, flood Candidates; and alleging, that the Returning Officer of the said Borough acted, throughout the whole Poll, in the most partial, arbitrary, and illegal Manner, in favour of the said Lord Fane, by admitting several Persons to poll for him, who had no Colour of Right, and by refuting several Persons who hacl an undoubted Right of voting, and who offered to p>oll for the Petitioner; and that many other undue and illegal Practices were made use of, at and before the said Election, by the said Returning Officer, and others, whereby a pretended Majority hath been procured for the said Lord Fane; in consequence whereof, he is returned as a Burgess to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough; in mandeft Wrong to the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned, and to the Majority of the legal Voters of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall Item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Rctrfden, Baronet, and Fletcher Appleby Norton, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Election, letting forth. That, at the Election for Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmorland, the Petitioners, and William

Lee and Philip Honeywood, Esquires, were Candidates, and Anthony Ward presided as Returning Officer; and alleging, that the said Anthony Ward behaved, through

the whole Course of the Poll, with the utmost Partiality, in iavour of Mr. Lee and Mr. Honeys. by admitting several Persons to poll for them, who had no Colour of Right, and refusing several, who offered to vote for the Petitioners, who had an undoubted Right; by which, and several other illegal and unwarrantable Proceedings, a pretended Majority was procured in iavour of the said Mr. Lee and Mr. Honey wood, in manilclt Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House (lu ll teem realbr.abie.

A Petition of several Burgesses of the Borough of Ditto.

pi el), in the County of I Fcji/norland, wlu>fe Names aie thereunto lubteribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, at the Election of Burgesses for the said Borough, the said Sir John and Mr.

Norton

10

18° — 190 Novembris. A 1754.

Norton had an undoubted Majority of legal Voters, and ought to have been returned; but that Anthony Hard, the Returning Officer of the said Borough, behaved with the utmost Partiality in favour of the said Mr. Lee and Mr. Honeyzvood, who were returned* in open Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, contrary to the te-veral Laws made for securing the Freedom of Elections, and in Defiance of the repeated Sen ft- of this House: And therefore praying the 1 Joule to take the same of the Petitioners into Confederation, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the 21st Day of January next.

Hafbmere A Petition of Peter Burrell, Esquire, was presented to Ilcftion. the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the lad Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of HaJJemere, in the County of Surrey, the Petitioner, James Oglethorpe, Esquire, James More Molyneux, Esquire, and Philip Carteret Webb, Esquire, were Candidates; and alleging, that Edward Upfold, who acted as Bailiff of the said Borough at the time of the Election, did, during the time of taking the Poll, behave in a very partial, arbitrary, and illegal Manner, in favour of the said James MoreMoly-nev.x and Philip Carteret Wtbb; and that the said James More Molyneux and Philip Carteret Webb, and others, on their behalf, were guilty of several undue and unwarrantable Practices, in relation to the said Election; and that the said Edward Upfold hath returned the said James More Molyneux and Philip Carteret IVebb, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes, which were received and tendered for him; and that he ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ditto. a Petition of the several Persons, wLofe Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants and legal Voters of the Borough of HaJJemere, in the County of Surrey, in behalf of themselves, and others, also Inhabitants and leg d Voters of the said Borough, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, the Right of Election was subverted by such Abuses and illegal Methods, as not only were the most flagrant Violations of the Rights of the Petitioners in this Instance, but, if not cen-iured and remedied in present, and effectually prevented for the future, mult inevitably destroy the undoubted Privileges and Franchises of the Petitioners, and utterly lubvert the antient ConfVitution of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into their Consideration, and to provide such Remedy against the said Abuses, and to inflid such Cenlure on the Offenders as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Eiec-tions: Anti that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 19* die

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754. Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Justices of t he Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, residing in and near Bury, IVu/bovs, Old-

hnrjl, Saint Ives, and Hilton, in the County of

don, and also Eltifliy and Gambl'myo.y, in the County of Cambridge, and Potion, in the County of and

Ramsey

thro’

Bury

Road.

several other Towns and Vills adjacent, in the Counties aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the High Road leading liom the Town of Ran:fey aforesaid, through Part ot Bwy, over Bury Bridge, and from thence, through War boys and Oldhurst, to and through St. Ives and Hilton aloiduid, and from thence to and through Elf fey aforesaid, and from thence by Warejly, in the County of Huntingdun aforesaid, to and through Gamblingay aforesaid, and from thence to and through Pott on aforesaid, and from thence to a certain House, commonly called the Spread Eagle, in Stratton, in the said County of Bedford, in the Way to Stevenage and London, is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in several Parts thereof, very narrow and incommodious; and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Courie of Law; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Cufl, Mr. Bedford, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Charles B hr daunt, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Moore, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Hay, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gore, Mr, Fell owes, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gybbcn, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Gray, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Frederick, Lord Dapplin, Mr. Wilkin son, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Rowney, Col. Corn-wallis, Mr. Waiter, Mr. Lee, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Boone, Mr. More ton. Sir John Aidy, Mr. AJjlcck, Mr. Wiiies, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Bold, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Belcher, Sir Geo. Lee, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Shelter; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Bedford, Norfolk, Sufolk, Northampton, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Great Harbo-rough, in the County of Warwick, and of the Patron, Rector, and Incumbent, of the Parish Church there, and of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands in the open and common Fields of Great Har borough a tore-said, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners nrefeifed orpofiefled of several Freehold Estates in the said open and common Fields, which lie intermixed and dilperiod over the whole Fields in finalI Parcels; by means whereof, great Inconveniences do arile to the Proprietor* and Occupiers of the said Lands, by continued Trespasscs, Surcharging of Commons, Incon-veniency of Agriculture, and other Disorders; and that the said Lands are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation, but are very proper to be inclosed; and that it would be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the said common and open Fields, if the same were inclosed, and divided into just Allotments and Proportions, to and for the several Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said open and common Fields, according to every Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt and Mr. Wilkinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Great

I Inrborough

1ik loture.

A Petition of Arnold Me!Jo and John Swlccard HeinzeL ItMIo'i, mann was presented to the Iloule, and read; praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Air. Fellow a and Mr. Belchier do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

18 Geo. II*

— 20° Novembris-

21

Debtors

Petitioas.

Colchester

Election.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison, commonly called the King's Bench:

And also,

A Petition of the Debtors now in Fisherton Gaol, in the County of Wilts;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Isaac Martin Rehow, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the

Petitioner, together with John O/mius and Charles Gray,

Esquires, flood Candidates at the lad Election of Mem- brought in since, what exported; also what remained in hers to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 17 <4: And also: Colchester, in the County of Essex; and alleging, That N*t. An Account of prohibited Goods

many undue Practices were madeufe of by the said Charles remaining in the East India Warehouses at Leadenhall

Gray, or his Agents, both before and during the time of and Fenchurch-street, it Michaelmas 1753; what have the Election, to obtain a Majority of Votes; and that Cnee been brought in, what exported; as also what re-

some Persons, who had an undoubted Right of voting, mained at Michaelmas 1754: And also,

and did vote for the Petitioner, were not entered; not- N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods with Handing which, the Petitioner had a great Majority remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of upon the Poll; and that a Scrutiny being demanded by London at Michaelmas 1753; what have been since the said Mr. Gray, and granted by Richar d Benyon, Esquire, brought in, what exported; as also what remained at

High Sheriff of the County, and Returning Officer for Michaelmas 1754: And also.

Mercuric 200 die;

Anno 28° Georgii IIJ‘ Regis, 1754. Prayers.

H E House being informed. That some of the -L Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the East India Warehouses at St. Helens, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas t7i3> aito what

Accounts respe&in$ East India Trade.

supply.

Relief of Out Pcpfioners of Chelsea.

the said Borough, the said Mr. Benyon ad.d, throughout the said Scrutiny, in the most partial Manner in favour of Mr. Gray, and hath unduly returned the said Mr. Gray as

duly elected, together with Mr. O/mius, in manifest Wrong to the Petitioner, who had an undoubted Majority of legal Voters, and ought to have been returned, together with the said Mr. O/mius: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve it left into' a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, Thai his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fined in the County Gaol, situate in the Borough Town feme- and ancient Corporation of Appleby, in the County of

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Westmorland, whole Names and Marks are thereunto fub-Morning. feribed: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Mr. William Pitt presented to the House, according to Majesty’s Prison of Montgomery And-also,

Order, a Bill for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the A Petition of the insolvent Debtors confined in his Royal Hospital at Chelsea-. And the same was received. Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Worcester: And also. Ordered, That Mr. William Pitt have Leave to make A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1753; what have been since brought in, what exported; as also wha remained at Michaelmas 1754: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Helen's, Leadenhall-street, Fen, and Custom-

house, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1753, in order to be dyed, glazed, IBc.; what have been returned; and what remained, out of the said Warehouses, at Michaelmas 17*14: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1753, to Michaelmas 1754 i And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the P«.rts of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1753, to Michaelmas 1754. And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison at Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves, and all other their Fellow Prisoners: And also,

A Petition of the several poor Prisoners for Debt con-

Accountj of Ri’ifian Naval Store!*

Debtors

Petitions

a Motion; it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Refdlved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Majesty’s Gaol for the County of

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distreis: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Fellozves presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Arnold Mello and John Swiccard H-einzelmann: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mello’s Sec.

Nat.

VOL. 2/.

G

Rfolved,

2o° Novem

72

'd. 1754-

C»nW«d Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections Repair of the Roads; and, at the same time, the Pro-c ions. for Counties in England and JVa,es, to be heard at the jeftors of the said Scheme publicly canvassed the oti.cr Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges Electors, to engage their Votes for supporting of the and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by laid Scheme; whereby many of the Electors, influenced their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the Expectation of the said Three thousand Pounds,' either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and-, promised their Votes for the Support of the said corrupt Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the Scheme, who would otherwise, as they have since de-House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting dared, have voted for the Petitioners; and that, on the Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended 9th of 1752, at a Chamber Meeting of the Corpora-by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the tion, One of the principal Projedors, and a Member of Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several that Body, publicly read the Extract ofa Letter, giving an Heads of Objection; and distinguishing the same against Account, that Two Gentlemen were found out, who the Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the would give the Three thousand Pounds upon the Terms Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, proposed by him and the other Projedors for mending within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their the Roads; and acknowledged, that it was an Offer Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents. made in Consideration of the Election; and was so understood by the Chamber; but said, he did not know the-Oxford Ordered, That the Petitioners in each of the several Names of the Gentlemen who were to pay the £. 3,000; lied ion. Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double or did he let it be known from whom the said Letter Return for the County of Oxford, do, by themselves, or came; but, however, declared at the same time, that it was-by their Agent or Agents, mutually deliver to each other, from a very monied Man; and that he would be answer — or to the reipediye Agent or Agents of each other, a List able for the Money; and pressed all then present to- con-' or Lists of the Persons objected to, who voted for the Can- cur with him in supporting those Gentlemen; which7 dictates, whoseEledion and Return are contested by such some agreeing to the said Projector, in order to make it a Petitioners, respectively; giving in the said List or Lists, kind of general or corporate Act, the better to secure the-the several Heads of Objection; and distinguishing the said proposed purchasers, desired to have another Chamber same against the Names of the Voters excepted to Meeting, to consider further of a proper Method for sup-

Ordered, That, the said Lifts, relating to the contro- porting the Election of these Gentlemen who had offered-verted Election and double Return for the County of the £.3,000; and a Day was then fixed for such future Oxford, be delivered by Tomorrow Sevennight. Meeting; but the Majority of the Members of the said

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at- Chamber, abhorring so infamous a Scheme, and to avoTd tend this House upon Tuesday the Third Day of December giving Countenance thereto, refused to attend such Meet-next, with the Return made by the Sheriff of the County ing; lb that no Chamber could be made; nevertheless, of Oxford to the Writ issued foreleftingTwo Knights of the said Projectors, though disappointed of a Chamber the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said Meeting, yet determined to prosecute the said Scheme, County. afterwards caused public Notice to be given for a Meeting

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, of the Electors, at a certain Public House in Tewkef-That Thomas Blackball, Esquire, High Sheriff of the bury, to consider of proper Methods to carry on and ef-County of Oxford, do attend this House upon Tuesday feftuate what they then called the Road Scheme; and, the Third Day of December next: being met, entered into an Association, and ellablillied

It passed in the Negative. themselves into a settled Monthly Club, avowedly for the

Purpose of carrying on that Scheme; and accordingly Relief of A Bill for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the from time to time met, where the Projectors of the said Pensioners Hospital at Chelsea, was read a Second time. Scheme took care to keep the said Electors fixed to the'

ofChdfca. Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Support thereof; by which means, the Minds of the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee greatest Part of the Electors for the said Borough were of the whole House. perpetually continued under an undue Influence in favour

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- of the Scheme, though, at first, they were not so much-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole as intrusted with the Names of the intended Candidates,

House, upon the said Bill. or, more properly speaking, Purchasers; and that after the said Projectors had thus settled and prepared Matters,

Tewkelbmy A Petition of Thomas Lord Viscount Gage, and Lieute- the Sitting Members made their public Entry into the Election. nant Colonel Thomas Gage, was presented to the House, and Town of Tewkesbury, with Pick-axes and Shovels carried read; setting forth, That the Petitioners flood Candidates before them, and Flags, with Inscriptions thereon, of at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament " Calvert and Martin," on one Side, and "good Roads," for the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Glou~ on the other, in order to give the Town and Voters No-cester, and Nicholson Calvert and John Martin, Esquires, also tice that those were the Persons who were to give the flood Candidates at the said Election; and alleging, that £.3,000, for repairing the Roads, if they were elected; the Petitioners had the general Inclinations of the Voters and that, after such public Appearance, the Sitting Mem-of the said Borough, in their favour, and, at the time of bers declared themselves joint Candidates for the said Bo-Election, had a great Majority of the free and uncorrupted rough, and canvassed the several Electors, accompanied Voters; and should have had a great Majority of Votes, and supported by the said Projectors of the said Scheme, upon the Poll, in their favour; but that the Sitting Mem- particularly the Person who had undertaken to be answer-bers, and their Agents and Managers, by Bribery and able for the said £.3,000, who all acted as Agents and Corruption, and indirect and illegal Practices, procured a Managers for the said Candidates; and that another of Majority on the Poll against the Petitioners; and fur- the principal Projectors of the said Scheme, apprehending the r letting forth, That, about Two Years since, some that the Electors, who had been influenced by the Ex-Persons of Property in and about the Town of Tewkef peftation of the said £..3,000, might require some Pro-bury, and leading Men in the said Borough, set on foot an mile or Undertaking from the Candidates for the Paymen t infamous Project for raising a large Sum of Money, by a thereof, and well knowing that, if the Candidates should Sale of the said Borough, at the then next Election, for re- appear to make any such Promise, it would amount to a pairing the Roads there, in Ease of themselves and their notorious Act of Bribery, and might prejudice them iu Estatesand Fortunes; and, for carrying such Scheme into their Election, he artfully insinuated to the Electors, at Execution, and to procure proper Purchasers, publicly One of their Club Meetings, that they mull not expect to gave out, that no Persons should be elected Members for receive any thing from the Candidates themselves; but the said Borough, at the ensuing Election, unless they said, he would be answerable for the Money, or that they would advance Fifteen hundred Pounds a-piece for the should hang him if they had it not; and that the said Sitting.

10 Members

s8 Geo. II. 20° — 2i° Novembris. ii

Members were introduced at, and generally attended, the Meeting of the said Club, so established and tarried on for the Support of the said Road Scheme, and where their Agents always attended ;and that the Minds of the Majority of the Voteis being thus corruptly and illegally influenced, contrary to their own Inclinations, the Sitting Members had a Majority of Votes upon the Poll; and further alleging, that the Petitioners were duly elected by a Majority of the free and uncorrupted Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Sopply- Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred, to consider of the Motion, made upon Monday last, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

Refotved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time; Refolded, Nemine Coutradic, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, ref >lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ufuil Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Estimates. Navy, for the Year 1755, with the Half Pay Officers of the Navy, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1755, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1755, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half Pay, for the Year 1755, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1755.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Ihcwing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1754, have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ending at the 5th Day of 1754, and the xoth Day of October 1754, as well of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

Vol, 27.

Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2i° die Novembris;

Anno Georgii IP* Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

A Petition of the poor unhappy Prisoners confined for Debtors Debt in the County Gaol of and for the County Petitions, of Southampton, in the City of Winchej: And also, A Petition of the Poor Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol or Prison of Saint ’Thomas the in the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the poor Debtors confined in his Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Brecon: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined in the for Debt;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Shrew (bury the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an to -Ad, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Roads Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrevofbury, through E, in the County of Salop, and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, whose Names are thereunto fublcished; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing upon or near the Road between Marchwiel, in the County of Denbigh,

and Whitchurch, in the County of Salop; were referred,

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

The Agents for the Petitioners produced to the Committee an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repaiiing the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, through in the County of Salop, and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the county of ; whereby

it appeared, that several Tolls had been granted for repairing the said Roads.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced the Account of the Treasurer to the said Turnpike; whereby it appeared, that the Sum of £. 1,000 had been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, which ftiil remains due.

And Mr. Corbel Price, Surveyor of the said Roads, being examined, said. That the said Sum of £.1,000, together with the Produce of the said Tolls, had been laid out in repairing the said Roads, eredingToll Houses and Bridges, and other necessary Works in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act; and that a great Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads.

Then a Clause in the said Act being read, which prohibits the Trustees from erecting any Turnpike between the Town of Marc/noiel and the Town of Wrexham, or between the Town of Bangor and the Town of,

or between the To ton of Eliefmere and a Place called Whit mere;

The said Mr. Price further laid, That, by means of the said Restriction, many Persons, though they travel several

Miles

2)° Novembris. A. 1754*

Miles on the said Road, avoid the Payment of the Tolls, to the great Diminution thereof; but that if a Gate was let up at Wrexham, they would all be compelled to pay.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine into the Condition of the several other Roads:

And the said Mr. Price said, That the Road from Marchwiel to Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, which is Thirteen Miles in Length, is extremely bad; and that the Road from the Bottom of Twining Bank, in the Township of Erbistock, to Rhuabon, in the County of Denbigh, is

in the most ruinous Condition that he ever saw a Road in; and that these Roads are the High Roads to several Coal Mines: That the Roads from Orton to Bangor, and from Orton to Hanmer (through both which he has gone very lately), are in so ruinous a Condition, as to be dangerous even to Passengers on Horseback; and that none of the said Roads are capable of being repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. John Dawson, being examined, confirmed the whole of the Evidence given by Mr. Price.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 25th Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury, through ,in the county of .

Salop, and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and also to repair the Roads from Marchwiel to Whitchurch, in the said County of Salop-, and from the Bottom of Twining Bank, in the Parish of Erbistock, to Rhuabon, in the said County of Denbigh; and for other Purposes to be therein mentioned: And that Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Egerton, Mr.

ton, and Mr. Hill, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Gre.it Sir Charles Mordamt presented to the House, according Il.irborwgh to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common nt o a e. pje|(jSj common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Great Har borough, in the County of And the fame was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Odey, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land-owners, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of York, and of the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the High Road leading from the Town of in the said West. Riding, through Burley, llkley,

Skipton, Carleton, Coin, Burnley, and Blake burn, to Preston, in the said County Palatine, is, by reason of the Narrow-refs thereof, several steep Hills, and the Inundation of the River Wars, and many heavy Carriages passing along the fame, become so ruinous, that Horses, Coaches, and other Carriages, cannot pass along the fame, without great Danger; and therefore, in regard the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually mended, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Iioad aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, and from and to such Towns and Places, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Downe, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Martin, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Earle, Mr. West, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Lord Barrington,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Monson, Mr. Lord Middleton,

Sir Francis Poole, Lord Sir William Meredith,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Dawney, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Mr. Lascelles,

Lord George Manners, Sir Cordel Firebrace, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Alderman Dickenson, Mr. Walter, Mr. Willes, Mr, Sir Rob. Lad broke, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. e; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Lancaster, and Westmorland:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Simon Luttrell, Esquire, and Richard Mjdfooil HuJJey, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Ekaien. setting forth, That at the Election of Members to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioners, and also Robert Clive, Esquire, and son, Esquire, were Candidates; and that Thomas Scawen,

Esquire, prelided at the said Election as Returning Officer; and alleging, that the Petitioners were elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; but that the said Thomas Scawen behaved very partially in favour of the said Robert Clive and John and

admitted several Persons to vote for the said Robert Clive and John Stephenson, who had no Right to poll, and refused the Votes of several Persons who had an undoubted Right to poll, and offered their Votes for the Petitioners; whereby, and by other illegal and unwarrantable Praft ices, the said Robert Clive and John Stephenson have procured themselves to be returned, to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners, and in open Violation of the Laws for securing the Freedom of Eteftions of Members to lerve in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do hear the Mai ter of the said Petition upon Monday the 27th Day of January next;

The House divided.

The 1 eas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { } 1 *4'

Tellers for the Noes, j JJj’ J 127.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Earl of Hilljlorough reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimates, forr Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid Estimates, before this House), had been.presented to his Majesty; &c-and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and usual other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for Eitmute*. the Year >755: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1755:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Two Regiments of Foot, to be raised for his Majesty’s Service in North America, for the Year 1755: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of several Officers appointed by his Majesty to go with the Forces in the Expedition under the Command of Major General Braddock, for the Year 1755: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Officers appointed by his Majesty to attend the Hospital established for the Service of the Expedition under the Command of Major General Braddock, for the Year 1755.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE

i8 Geo. II.

i i0 Novembris,

25

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Gamforis, and dtlicr his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great,

for the Year 1755.

, 1 Pay of the

Number* Troops and Regiments,

for 36J Days.

Horse.

Dragoons./

Foot. /

"First Troop of Guards - '

Second Ditto

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto

.Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards

Second Ditto -

Third Ditto -

Royal Regiment of Dragoons

Lieutenant General s -

Lord Tyrawley's -

Sir Robert Rich’s - -

Lieutenant General s

Sir John Cope’s

Sir John Mor daunt's-

East of Ancram's - -

First Regiment of Foot Guards -Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guard$ Third Regiment of Foot Guards Colonel Edward's -

Lieutenant General Wolfe's Colonel B del and's -Lieutenant General Skelton’s

Lord George Beauclerk’

Lord Vifcouftt Bury’s

Colonel Holme’s Colonel Leighton’s -Lord Charles Hay's -Lord Robert Manners’s Major General Stewart’s -

i ... f Colonel Parsons’sRegiment

nva is. Independent Companies

General and Staff Officers Garrisons, with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon account

War-Office, lift November 1754.

Total

181

181

*77

176

337

426

285

285

285

285

285

285

285

185

285

285

L052

1,641

I»°54

1,054

815

8,5

8*5

8*5

8*5

815

815

*'5

8*5

5*5

1,300

3,276

12,714

1.815

18,857

1- r. d.

*7>349 *3 4

*7>349 *3 4

10,870 18 4

10,743 3 4

26,876 I 4

2I,54? J 4

14,676 10

14,676 — 10

14,67 6 —

14,676 — 10

14,676 10

14,676 — 16

14,676 — 10

14,676 — 10

14,676 — xo

14,676 — 10

45,164 *7 6

29,321 *3 4

29,376 8 4

I5»il7 9 a

X5»2I7 9 2

15,2,7 9 2

*5»*7 9 2

l5>2l7 9 2

15,217 £ 2

*5>2,7 9 2

15,2,7 9 2

15,217 9 2

*5>2I7 9 2

lS>2l7 9 2

9,906 14 2

22,584 7 6

16,00a SM

37»I32 2 II

20,000

Total.

iC*

83. i8911

168,307 11 8

271,195 — — 1 8

73,132 a 11

628,315 7 n

H. F.

Vol. 27.

H

ESTIMATE

si* Novmbris.

A. 1754.

ESTIMATE of tKe Charge of his Majest/s Forces in the Plantation?, Minorca, and,

for the Year 1755:

Numbers. Pxyvf the Regimen's, &7V.

for 365 Days.

In the PLANTATIONS.

Colonel Duroure's Regiment Coionel Hopforis -

Colonel tVarburton

Colonel Walsh's ~ -

Four Companies ar New York One Gemjfany at Bermudas One Company in the 111 and of Providence -

Three Companies at South Carolina -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso-, and Si.

John's -....

At MINORCA.

Colonel Rich's Regment Lieutenant General Hike's Colonel Cornwallis's -

Colonel Russell's - -

Officers of the Garrtfoto, £*?r.

At GIBRALTAR. Lieutenant General Grn/e's Regiment Lieutenant General s -

Major General Braddock's - -

Earl of Panmure's -

Officers of the Garrison, idc.

Provisions for Colonel Hopfbn's Regiment at Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, deducting per Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and private Man towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government -Provisions for Colonel: IVtrbitrton’s Regiment at Nova Scotia - ‘ - .- - -

Pfoviflons fqr the several Regiments at Gib-altar -Provisions for the Independent-Company at Providence

TotAl - k-

394 8* S 815 733 445 58 15° 34 S

8*5

8i5

8i5

8*5

8*5

8i5

8.5

815

3>7 55

3,260

3,260

10.275

War-Office, aid November 1754;

TOTAL.

C s.

9,748 10 to

15.217 9 2

25.217 9 a

15,381 14 2

7,141 16 8

1,049 7 6

2,466 15 10

5>83° *7 6

15.217 9 a

15.217 9 2

15.217 9 2

15.217 9 2

*5,217 9 2 *5»2I7 9 2 *5»217 9 2 15,217 9 2

1.839 7 11

2.839 7 11

24,000-----

456 5 *-

f* s.

72,054 — id 2,870 2 2 6

60,869 *6 8

5,872 18 9

60,869 26 8

3»749 *4 3*

3°>*3i

20

236,420 18 6i

tf. Fox.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two Regiments of Foot to be raised for his Majesty’s Service in North,

for the Year 2755.

- Numbers Pay for 365 Days.

Colonel Shirleys Regiment of Foot ----- Sir William Pepper el's Regiment of Foot ----- 1,* 45 1,‘45 /. S. *0,175 7 6 20,175 7 6

TBmo 2,290 40,35° *5

War-Office, a»(l November 1754.

H. Fox.

ESTIMATE

28 Guo.II.

21

Ndvenibris',

27

ESTIMATE of the Chirac of several Officers Appointed by his Majesty to go with the Forces in the Expedition under the Command of Major-General for the Year 1755.

General and Cam minder ' _ J.,

- - - -» - 1 4m - 16 '~T~ —

Two Aid's de Camp, each for. - - - m - - - - I — —

Secretary - 4th m - - - 16

Major of Brigade - - - - 4, im - - — to

Deputy Quarter-matter General - - , ’te — — i 10 —

Cominissary of the Mullers - - - - t —

Comminiiry of the Stores - m i ^4-

Prilvoil Marshal - - - a M I - — e

£ H ia 6

Contingencies upon Account - - £2,000. - r

V\r!^icK for 3ti5 Days, 1 'Pz. from 2', December 1754, to 24th 2755, both Days

inclusive (including Two thousand Pounds Contingencies), amounts to the Sum of -

Allowance

£ 7.338 2 6

V a'-Otlice, 21 ft No 1734.

IP. F

ES TI M AT E of the Charge of the O/iicers appointed by his Majesty to attend the Hospital -established for the Service of the Expedition under the Command of Major General for the Year 1735.

fnrector, for himselr and Clerk -Two Mailer Surgeon;, each ior.

Two Mailer Apothecaries, each ior. -Three Surgeon- Mates, each 5-r.

Three Apothecaries Mates, each 5J. -Matron -

Whichj for 365 Days, viz. from 25 December 1734, to 24 December 1755;both inclusive,

amounts to the Sum of -

Allowance per Dim. -----1 Tf

d.

r

" *5 —

— 15 —

— i 6

4 *7

£C7?9 1 6

War-Office, 21st November 1754.

H Fox.

tVhrc:

liUi/M-.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, Estimate of the Charge of the Oibce of Ordnance* fot

to be peruied by the Members of the House. the Year 1755 — Land Sendee.

Mr. Earn priftntwl io the House, pursuant to their And,h"i ' of ‘h' said t Estimttt was pad.

Address to lm Majesty, The fi.d fcftimate Is as fcBowtth,

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Ye&r 4.755,1

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, coinpriting Repairs of StCfehOules, Magazines,

Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores lor Garrisons, Rents, Salaiies, and

‘ incident Charges -

_ r T- , p- , f Waken, Gibraltar, and North Britain

u- 1 V,) S.r. Johns, Ferry bind, Carbonierc, Trinity Harbour,

Omcers, ind Artm-f J. V y

\ ami ruiccnHa,in A - -

C~1’’ 3 ( Annapolis Royal -

Pr.y of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting rf 1,135 ^®n> Officers

include-.i, lor Service of South and North Britain, and the Garrions at

Mahon, Gibraltar, St. John s, Ferry land* Trinity Harbour,

Placentia, and Annapolis Royal - -

Establishnicnt cf an Academy at Woolwich, for the Instruction of the

Artillery Peep's -

Eft ;bh foment or the Laboratory at W - - - - . J

pay of superdrtnuated anti dif&bled Officers and Men, who have served well

in the Trains of Artilleiy in Flanders, and on several Expeditions; with the Half-pay cf Officers reduced ----- I--

£. s. ti.

38,835 .7 6 2*901-----

2,048 ti i 1,359 12 6

2i>2S3 2 6

1,000 -

-867 $ —

2,651 13 9

c

d.

\oi. Z'f.

80,916 12 6 EXtRAORDlNARiES

Debtors

Petitions*

28

210 — 220 N

EXTRAORDINARIES.

f Gibraltar ——

towards carrying on thefor- Mahon -

tificat ions, building and re- / Annapolis Royal -

pairing Store-houtes, and \ Placentia - - -Supplying. Stores at - I St. John's, Ferry land, Carboniere, and Trinity

/ Harbour, in Newfoundland

J. </.

3.000 2,500

2.000 I,coo

2.000

r-

r754-

J. d.

Towards erecting a new Fort at Ardefeer Point, near Inverness Towards carrying on the Fortifications, and repairing Barracks, in Scotland Towards rebuilding the Storehouses and Barracks in Edinburgh Castle

__ o m o

Towards building and Ttpolxi-iSheermfs and Gillingham ing Fortifications at - - / Portsmouth and Gosport -Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel -Towards rebuilding the Barracks at Sheerness -

Pay of Officers, Engineers, Commissary, Conductors, Artificers, and Attendants, on the Expedition to North America, under the Command of Major General Edward Braddock, from 1 January to 31 December 1755, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order of the 10 October 1754 One hundred Tons of Salt Petre -

EXCEEDINGS, for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament, 1754. s. d.

A Train of Artillery fitted out to attend his Majesty’s Forces to East , tinder the Command of Colonel John Adlercron, with the Pay of Officers,

Commissary, Conductors, Artificers, and Attendants, from 1 February 1754, to 31 December 1754, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 29 April

1754 — - . ' ' 7=3g5 13 7

Arms and Tents delivered for the Use of Colonel John

' Adlercron'% Regiment of Foot, ordered to East , purftranrto his Majesty’s Warrants of the 13 and 22

February 17 54.....- 1,633 15 —

Arms delivered for Use of the Troops raised in the Pro-. vince. of North Carolina, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, .1 July 1754 - - ..... 4,033-----

Arms delivered for Use of Colonel Alexander Duroure'%

.Regiment of Foot doing Duty in the Leeward Carribee Islands, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 14

i7r>4 - - - 631 15

Wheel-Barrows, Shovels, and Pick Axes, lent to Nova Scotia, to erect a strong Battery for the Security and, Defence of the Town and Harbour of

fax, purTuantto his Majesty’s Order in Council, 8 April 1754 - - 555 — —

Tents delivered for "Service of the Troops employed on the Fortifications, and making Roads, in Scotland, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 1 July

*754 *.....- - - 403 10 —

Bedding delivered for the Use of the Companies of Colonel Peregrine Hopfon's Regiment of Foot, doing Duty at Placentia and John's in land, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants of the 24 May and 12 August

1754 / ,* ' - .; ’ - - - 254 9

A Train of Artillery fitted out on an Expedition *to North America, under the Command of Major General Edward Braddock, with the Pay of Officers, Engineers, Commissary, Conductors, Artificers, and Attendants, from 1 October, toji December, 1754, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order of the 10 October 1754 17,353 6 1

10,500 10,000

1.500

1.500

1.000 3.003

2.000 -2,000 -

2.399

4.500

17 6

) 6,298 10 —

Savings arising from Vacancies of the Posts of Master General, Secretary, Undersecretary* and Clerk, to the Master General and Chief Engineer, amounting to the Sum of £.2,426 12s. 6 and which remains uniffued to this Office of the Sum granted for Service of the Year 1754.

7. L. Ligonier, Charles Frederick, R. Earle,

A. Wilkinson.

32.25°

8 8

151,566 18 8

7. S. Charlton.

Ordered, That the find Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2° die;

Anno 28* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1754. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’y Town and County Prisons at Nottingham .* And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the Poultry Compter, London;

Were severally presented to the House, and read > complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the find Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, Inhabitants, of the County of tingdon, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to th* House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-

Ramfer

See.

Roa.t.

a8 Geo. II. lae — 250

livered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as folfoweth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Owen Fann.junior, and Mr. Thomas feve-

rally said. That the Road from the High Bridge in the Town of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon, through King's Ripton, to the West End of Saint Peter's Lane, in the Parish of St. John, within the Borough of

don, is in a very ruinous Condition, the Soil being a very ftitf Clay, and in many Places so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass each other; and that the repairing and widening the said Road would be of public Utility, as the Communication with several Turnpike Roads at or near the said Borough of Huntingdon would be greatly facilitated; but that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary course appointed by the - Laws in being.

And the said Witnesses further said, That to prevent Persons escaping any Turnpike to be set up on the said Road, it will be necessary to Hop up within

the said Borough, to fence the Common Field from the East End of Hartford Lane, on the North Side thereof, to the first House on the North Side of the Town of" Hartford, in the said County; and also to (top up a Lane, called Mill Lam, in Harford aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the High Bridge in the Town of Ran:fey, in the County of , through

King's Ripton, to the West End of St. Peter's Lane, in the Parish of St. John, within the Borough of Huntingdon: And that Mr. Fellowes and Lord Carysfort dopre* pare, and bring in, the fame.

trareof Ordered, That Mr. Hanger have Leave to go into the Absence* Country, on account of the Indisposition of his Son.

Out The Order of the t)ay being read, for the House to re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon e a* the Bill for the Relief of the Out Penfiolters of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea-,

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to icveral Uesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Nov emb ris. up

Ordered, That the Report be received upon hlnday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Our Whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea. 0 c ‘cl*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. James Grenville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mn James Grenville reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 25* die No

Anno 48* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754.

Prayers. ‘

A PETITION of the Prisoners confined for Debt Debtor* in his Majesty’s Gaol in the Town and County of Petition*. Kingston upon Hull, in behalf of themselves, and all others in like Circumstances throughout this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read j complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Ellis, from the Commissioners for executing the Navy

Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented Eftin^t*. to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1755.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session j and the Abstract thereof is as followeth; viz.

V01. 27.

ABSTRACT

Supply*

Estimate for Repairing of Ships# &c.

30

25 NovembriSi.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Vear 1755.

A.

*754-

N* 1.

2.

3-

4-

5-

6.

7*

8.

9-

10.

11.

12.

*3-

14-

Yards.

12,516 8 7 1

3>76° 11 8]

3>448 0 6'

3>J42 n 4

2,520 8 8

4.298 *4 6

1*813 4 6

2,510 10 6

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, (sic. Commissioners of the Navy 3 with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments3 and Contingencies relating the reto

Superannuated Sea Officers -....

Pensions and other Allowances -

Chatham -

Deptford -

Woolwich ——

P ortfmouth -

Sheermfs -

..Plymouth -

Mutter Matter, and other Officers of the Out Ports -Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary -

Victuals to the Officers and Men serving the rein

Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging -

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, (Be. -

Half-pay to Sea Officers -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1755

1

To which may be added.

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at , an

additional Number of disabled Seamen, taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country; there being now Fifteen hundred Men maintained in the said Hospitalj and also fora sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers, and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Buildings; and other Incidents of the said Hospital for the Year t 755 5 Ten thousand Pounds ——

33.953 *4 I 16,277 0 3

*7.733

2,765 6 11

40,594 12 10 17,556 10 o 29,550 o o

71,858 o o 50,000 o o

280,288 14 I

10,000 o o

290,288 14 I

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1755, amounts to Two hundred and Ninety thousand Two hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny.

S. Jof. Dan.

R. OJhorn, G. Adams.

Richard Hall,

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Chariton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth3 viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Twelve thousand Seamen be employed for the Sea Service for the Year 1755, beginning the First of

*755 r . .

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Twelve thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships for the Year 1755.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’sMoft honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Partures, common Meadows, common Grounds, Hvborough and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Great inclosure. Harborough, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Page, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Pal hot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mr. Gray,

Sir John Glynn, Mr. Beckford, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Gore, Mr. Phornhagh, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bay, Mr. Poiv-ney, Mr. Lyjler, Sir John Cnjl, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. IFeJl,

Lord Duppiin, Mr. Rozvney, Sir William Yonge, Mr. More-

ton, Mr. Grove, Mr. Phurjby, Mr. Colleton, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Willes, Mr. Barber, Mr. Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Nor they. Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Belchier, Lord.Egmont, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Walter, Sir

Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Robinson,

Mr. Per non, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Lade, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Pown Haul, Mr.

Bristow, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Northampton, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Wilkes, Esquire, was presented to the Berwick House, and read; setting forth, That at the late Election ,p0, Tweed for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of F.Icdioa. Berwick upon Tweed, the Petitioner, together with Thomas Watson and John Delaval, Esquires, were Candidates; and

alleging, that the said Thomas Watson and John Delaval did, by Bribery, in the most flagrant, notorious, and

public

28 Geo. II.

(J /

2 50 Novembris.

3*

Carmarthen

Ele&ons.

fcitto.

public Manner, and in the most open and daring Violation been any Usage that the Burgesses of the other Boroughs of the Laws made to restrain such iniquitous Practices, as within the said Shire have joined in such Election; and well as by other illegal Methods, corrupt and procure that, since the Palling of the said Act, Bye-laws have been many of the Burgesses of the said Borough to give their made by the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Votes for them; whereby they did obtain a Majority of said Borough, pursuanit to the Powers and Directions Votes upon the Poll, and have been, in consequence, re- given them by their Charter of Incorporation, prohibit-tumed to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough; and ing the Ad million and Swearing of Persons, not abiding that the Petitioner had aMajority oflegal Votes at the said and resident within the said Borough, Burgesses thereof; F.ledion, and ought to have been returned as oi^e of the and complaining, that, of late, great Numbers of Per -Representatives of the said Borough: And therefore pray- fons, who were not Inhabitants of or had any Freehold ing the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, or Property in, the said Borough, and without having and give the Petitioner such Relief as shall seem meet. any Right by Birth or Servitude, have been o'ccafionally Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard and illegally admitted and sworn Burgesses of the said Bor at the Bar of this House. rough; several of whom have inlisted on a llight, and

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard were admitted, to poll, at the last Election of a Burgess at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the 11 th Day of for the said Borough, for Sir Thomas Stepney, Baronet, one February next. of the Candidates at the said Election, in Contravention

of the said Act, and the Bye-laws of the said Borough j A Petition of Sir Thomas Stepney, Baronett And also, whereby the Rights of the Petitioners hive been violated, A Petition of the Common Council and Burgesses of and are in danger of being entirely subverted: And the County Borough of Carmarthen-, therefore praying the House to take the Premises into

Were severally presented to the House, and read; le- Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief verally letting forth. That the Petitioner, Sir Thomas therein as to the House lb all seem meet.

Stepney, and Griffith Phillips, Esquire, were Candidates Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cort-

at the tail Election of a Member to lerve in this fideradon of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: present Parliament for the said County Borough of And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and rfc-Carmarthen;and alleging, that Evan Davies, At- port the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the torney at Law, and Thomas Williams, Clothier, tak- House.

ing upon them to be, and usurping the Office of Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Corn-Sheriffs of the said County Borough, and the She- mittee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition riffs of the said County Borough being the Re- at the same time that they hear the Matter of the said turning Officers of such Member; and the said Evan Petition of Sir Thomas Stepney, Baronet; and also the

Davies and Thomas Williams being allied to, or near Matter of the said Petition of the Common Council and Relations of, the said Griffith Phi/lipps, and being Burgesses of the County Borough of Carmarthen. influenced by the said Griffith Phillipps, acted very

?artially at the said Election, and admitted several ’ersons to poll for the said Griffith Phillipps, who had jio Right to vote at th^e laid Election, and rejected several Persons, who had an undoubted Right to vote thereat, and offered to vote for the said Sir Thomas Stepneywhereby, and by other illegal and unwar-

Mr. James , according to Order, reported front

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Che/fea, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the rantable Proceedings, the said Griffith Phillipps hath Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, procured himself to be returned, in manifest Preju- with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where dice to the Petitioners, though the said Sir Thomas the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Stepney had an Undoubted Majority of legal Votes: a Second T.me, One by One; and, upon the Question

And therefore praying the House to take the Prc- severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to mises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners One of them, agreed to by the House: And several

Amendments were made by the House to the Bilk Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grafted i

but Pensionert of Cheilca.

such Relief therein as to the House shall leem meet Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Burgesses, Inhabitants of the Borough and Shire Town of Carmarthen, in the County of Carmarthen, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Burgesses, Inhabitants of the said Borough, was also presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of King the Eighth, intituled, An Act concerning the Laws to be used in Wales; whereby it is, amongst other things, enacted, That, for the then Parliament, and all other Parliaments to be holden and kept for this Realm of England, for every Borough, being a Shire Town, within the Country or Dominion of Wales ‘except the Shire Town of the County of Merioneth)

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 26° die Novembris;

Anno 28° Georgii ltd* Regis, 1754:

Prayers.

RNOLDMelts and John Swtook

the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Sir John Cust reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, re-Onc Burgess shall be chosen and elected, and the Election siding in and near Ramsey, Bury, Old Hurst,

to be in like Manner, Form, and Order, as Burgesses of Saint Fees, and Hilton, in the County of Huntingdon-, and Pnrli-impnt rn in ndw>r Shinx nf th\« Tt/vilm: aifQ and Gambliugay, in the County of Cambridge,

Ramsay throuoh Bury # Roads,

the Parliament to be elected in other Shires of this Realm; and that the Burgesses shall be allowed such Fees as other Burgesses of the Parliament have, and be allowed to be levied and gathered as well of the Boroughs and Shire Towns as they be Burpeflcs of, as of all other ancient Bo-toughs within the same Shires; and alleging, that the Burgesses of the said Borough ot Carmarthen have constantly and folclv, lines the Palling of the said Act, elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament; and there his not

Yol. *7.

and Potion, in the county of ; and several other

Towns and Vills adjacent in the Counties aforesaid; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerkfs Table: WheTC the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In

Debtors

Petitions.

Minehead

Election.

New Sarum Eieftion.

250 — ‘270 Novembris. 1754.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, The House being thereupon also informed, That

Richard HuJJie, Esquire, said, That he has known the Julines Esquire, who is returned in the said

Road, mentioned in the Petition, 40 Years; and that the double Return, and petitioned, complaining thereof, and same is, in many Parts, very narrow’, and extremely bad, of the Kledion lor the said City, desires to withdraw his and, in Winter, in feme Places, not passable: Petition;

That great Sums of Money have been expended in Ordered, That the said Mr. Beckford be at

repairing the said Road; but the same cannot be Liberty to withdraw his laid Petition, effectually amended by the ordinary Course of Law. The House being thereupon alto informed. That the

Thomas Barker, a Drover, said, That many Parts of Honourable Bonverie, who is returned in the said

the said Road arc so bad, in the Winter Season, that it is double Return, and petitioned, complaining thereof, and

impassable for Sheep; and that he has been frequently obliged to pay Money for Liberty of driving Cattle over private Grounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Ramsey, through Bury, and over Bury Bridge, and through the several Towns of Warboys, Old Hurji, Saint Ives, Hilton, Etlifley, by Warefly; and through the Towns of Gamb/ingay and Potton, to a House called the Spread Eagle, in Stratton; within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford: And that Sir John Cust, the Lord Cary fort, Mr. 'Fellowes and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the poor unhappy Prisoners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol for the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Dilbefs: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Henry Shiffner, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the late Election for the Borough of in the County of

Somerst, the Petitioner, Charles Whitworth, and Daniel Boon, Inquires, were Candidates; and alleging, that the said Mr Whitworth, and the Petitioner, had a Majority

of the legal Voters of the said Borough, and ought to have been returned; but that John Coffin and John Ball, Constables and Returning Officers of the said Borough, behaved in a very partial Manner in favour of the said , Mr. Boon, and accepte 1 many Persons Votes for him, who had no Right, and refused the Votes of several Persons who had a Right, and tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and that, by these and many other illegal and corrupt Practices of the said Mr. Boon, his Friends, and Agents, as well before as at the El- chon, a Majority appeared upon the Poll for the said Mr. Whitworth and Mr. Boon, and they were returned Members for the said Borough; and further alleging, that the said Mr. Boon was not, at the time of such Election or Return, lei led of, or t ntitled to, any Estate, Freehold or Copyhold, for his own Life, or for any greater Estate, either in Law or Equity, for his own Use, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, above what would satisfy and clear all Incumbrances, in that Part of Great Britain called E,of the annual Value of Three hundred Pounds, above Reprizes; and was not, nor is, qualified to fit or vote as a Member of this House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House ffialJ leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House being informed. That Edward Poore, Esquire, who is returned in the double Return for the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, and petitioned, complaining thereof, and of the Election for the said City, desires to withdraw his Petition, and not to conteff the Matter of the said Election and Return with Julines Bedford, Esquire, returned also in the said double Return*!

Ordered, That the said Mr. Poore be at Liberty tQ withdraw his laid Petition.

18

of the Election for the said City, deli res to withdraw his Petition;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Bouverie be at Liberty to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-ticxns be discharged from proceeding upon the Matters of the said Petitions and double Return.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, by rafing out the Name of Edward , Esquire.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow' Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2 70 di Novembris; Anno 28* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754.

P R A T £ R S.

THE Earl of Hillsborough reported to the House, That their Address of Monday Jafi, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and rhat his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attending according to Order, amended the Return for the City of Sarum, in the County of Wilts, by rafing out the Name of Edward Poore, Esquire:

And Notice being taken, upon the said Return being read, that some further Alteration therein was necessary to be made, in consequence of the said Amendment;

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do make the said further Alterations in the said Return.

And he made the same accordingly.

A Petition of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Borough of Wotton Bajfet, in the County of Wills, in the behalf of themselves, and many other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament, came on before IVII-liam Hollijler, Mayor of the said Borough, on the 15th Day

of April hit, when the Right Honourable Henry Douglas, £squire, commonly called Earlof Robert Neale,

Esquire, John Probyn, Esquire, and Thomas

well, Esquire, were Candidates; and alleging, that the said Mayor, who is the Returning Officer of the said Borough, was predetermined, in all Events, to return Mr. Probyn and Mr. Crcfwell;and, to that End, did, with the Friends and Agents of the said Mr. Probyn and Mr. dr by

Threats and many otherunlawful Means, endeavour to influence the Electors, and hinder them horn voting for the said Earl and Mr. Neale-, and that the said Mayor admitted many Persons, who had no Right of voting, to poll for the said Mr. Probyn and Mr Crcfwand refuied olh.rs,

duly qualified, who offered to vote lhr the said Earl and Mr. Neale; and that, by these and other partial, arbitrary,

and illegal Practices, a Majority was contrived for the said Mr. Probyn and Mr. Crejwell, agair.fi the said Earl and Mr. Neale-, whereas, if the said Mayor had taken a fair Poll, the Majority would have been in favour of the said Earl and Mr. Neale, and the said Mayor mufi have declared

AnfVer to AtMrels fur Estimaie.

New

Sarum

Election.

Wo'ton

buffet

Election*

Ottley,

&c.

Hoad.

Killican’s

Name.

28 Geo. II. aj° Novembris. 33

dared them duly elected, and accordingly have returned of "Jonathan Blackwell, deceased, and to bear the like Arms them Members to the present Parliament; and that these which were borne by the said Jonathan Blackwell.

Proceedings of the said Mayor, and of the Friends and OThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-Agents of the said Mr. Prohyn and Mr. Crefwellare suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. highly prej udicial to the Petitioners, and are great Viola- Berkeley, Mr. Foley, and Mr. Thomas , do prepare,

tions to the Freedom of Election and Privilege of Par- and bring in, the fame, liament: And therefore praying the House to take the

Premises into Confederation and to grant the Petitioners A Bill for naturalizing Arnold Mello and John Swiceard MeIlo’» such Relief therein as the House shall think proper. Htinzewas read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

deration of the Committee, of Privileges and Elections: Mr. GMr. Kynaston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Calvert, Sir

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-. Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Page, port the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Mr BMr. Robinson, Mr. West, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. House. Salu/bSir John Cujl, Sir Francis Poole, Lord -

fort, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Beckford, Mr. , Mr.

A Petition of the justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Egerton, Mr. Mr. Kent, Mr. Mr. Wiles,

Owners and Occupiers of Land lying near, and conti- Mr. Fane, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

guous to, the Road leading from the Town of Leeds, Mr. Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Cooke, Sir

through Ottley, in the West Riding of the County of John Glynn, Lord Barrington, Mr. Lee, Mr. Talbot,

York, to Walton Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lan~ Mr.. VLord Mr. Walpole, Sir Robert caster; and allb near and contiguous to the Road leading Ladbrooke, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Barry, Mr. Foley, from Addingham, through Skipton, in the said West Rid- Sir WmMiddleton, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Hay, Mr. ing, to Clitkeroe, in the said County Palatine; and of the Grenville: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five Merchants and Tradesmen inhabiting and residing in that of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Part of the Country; was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That the said Roads, from the Nar- A Petition of Norborne Berkeley Esquire, Lord of the Brancaster rowness thereof in many Places, and the Nature of the Manor and Patron of the Parish Church of Brancaster, in tndofure. Soil, and the Overflowing of the Waters, are become the County of Clerk, Re£lor of the

very ruinous, and almost impassable for Wheel Carriages, said Parish Church, Framingham Lake Merchant, Thomas and very dangerous for Travellers; and that the said Willis, John Cary, and of several other Persons, whose

Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Pro-by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, prietorsofHouses, Lands, and Grounds, andintitled tocer-That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better tain Rights of Common within the said Manor and Parish, and more effectual repairing and widening the said Roads was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That from Leeds, through Ottley, in the West Riding of the the said Town of con fills of about Two thou-

County of York, to Walton Bridge, in the County Pala- sand Three hundred and Fifty Acres of Land, over and tine 0 i Lancaster, and from Addingham, through Skipton, besides the salt and fresh Marshes, and the Commons or in the said West Riding, to Clitheroe, in the said County Wastes of the said Town ,' and that Nine hundred and Palatine of Lancaster, and from Burnley to Manclufter, in Sixty Acres, Part of the said Land, are known by the Name the said County Palatine. of the and One thousand and Twenty Acres, other

Ordered,.That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Part of the said Land, are known by the Name of the sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Common Field-, in which said Breeks and Field the Linds Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, of the several Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in of the West Riding of the County of York, and of the small Parcels; and Two hundred and Ten Acres, other County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred: And that they Part of the said Land are inclosed, and commonly called do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the the Haf year Closes; and about One hundred and Sixty fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House. Acres, the Remainder of the said Land, are inclosed, and

used and enjoyed as whole Year Land; and that the said A Petition of Samuel Blackwell, heretofore called Sa- Norborne Berkeley, and all other the Proprietors of Dwell-muel Killican, was presented to the House, and read; set- ing-houses, Lands, and Grounds, in Brancafer aforesaid, ting forth, That Jonathan Blackwell, late of Northall, in or their Tcnants, are intitled to certain Rights of Common Hertfordshire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, and Shack in and over the said Breeks, common Field, deviled all his Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to and Half-year Qlofes; but the Use of such common the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, chargeable Rights being found prejudicial to all the Proprietors, the as in the said Will is mentioned; and appointed the Truf- said Norborne Berkeley, and the greatest Part of the said tees therein named to give the Petitioner absolute Poifel- other Proprietors of Dwelling-houses, Lands, and Grounds, lion of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as are delirous that the said Breeks and Field should be ih-foonashe should become Gne-and-twenty Years old; and closed and divided; and that all the said Lands should be that the said Jonathan Blackwell allb gave and bequeathed enjoyed by the respective Owners in Severalty, exclusive all hi’s Stocks, in the said Will mentioned, to the Peti- of all the said Rights of Common or Shack; and, in Con-tioner, at his Age of Twenty-one Years; and directed sideration thereof, moll of the other Proprietors, who the said Trustees to procure an Act of Parliament to en- have a Right to Tath, and Right of Sheep Walk over the able the Petitioner to take the Surname of Blackwell, and Commons and Waites of the said Manor, are willing to did make the same a positive Condition and Obligation to release such Rights to the said Lord and his Heirs; and him of having and enjoying his Estate; and that the Pe- that there are Four small Pieces of Common (being the titioner hath attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, and Soil and Land of the said Lord) lying within the said is in Possession of the said Estate; and hath, in Compli- Breeks, and containing, by Estimation, about Fourteen ance with the Testator’s Direct ions, taken uponhimselfthe Acres; the Rights of Common whereon the Owners of Surname of Blackwell only, and used the same on allOc- Estates in aforesaid are, for the Considerations

cafions; and is desirous the same may be established on hereafter mentioned, also willing should be released to the him and his Heirs by Authority of Parliament; and is said Lord and his Heirs; and that the said Lord of the likewise desirous of bearing the Arms which were borne by Manor is also seised of a certain Piece of uni nclosed Land the said Jonathan Blackwell, deceased: And therefore in Brancaster aforesaid, called Barrow Hills, containing, praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in by Estimation, about Sixty-five Acres, Part whereof is a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and his Heirs, to take and now Common of Pasture, and the Remainder is the fepa-use the Surname of Blackwell only, pursuant to the Will rate Land of the said Lord; and as a Compensation to Vou 27. K the

B Whops Cattle E left ion.

Supply.

34 27° — '1%° Novembris. ^.1754.

the Owners of certain Dwelling-houses for releasing their respective Rights of Common and Shack, as aforesaid, the said Lord of the Manor, and all the Owners of Estates in Brancaster aforesaid, are willing that all Right of Sheep V\ alk over the Common or Salt Marshes lying Westward from the Harbour and Stathway of the said Town, shall be released and extinguished; and that all Right of Common and Sheep Walk over the said Piece of Land called Barrow Hills, shall be extinguished; and that another

Right of Common over the said Barrow Hills shall be granted to suchof the said Owners of Dwelling- houses as do not occupy Lands or Tenements of more than a certain annual Value over and besides such Dwelling-houses; and alleging, that the incioling and dividing of the said common Field and Breeks, and the extinguishing of the said several Rights of Common in and over the fame, and over the said Half-year doles and Pieces of Common, and the granting of such new Right ot Common, will be & manifest Advantage to all the Persons interested in the Premises, and tend to the Improvement of their respective Estates in the said Parish; but cannot be effected, without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaiej.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Townjhendand Sir Armine do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Robert de Carnival!, Barcr.cf, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of B in the County of Salop, BarnabyBackwell, John King, Jere-

miah Brown, Esquires, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates; and alleging, that, at the said Election, Richard 1 Thomas Esquire, took upon himself to act as Returning Officer, and returned the said Barnaby Backwell and John "Dashwood King, in manifest Injury to the Petitioner, who was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, a Burgess for the said Borough; and that the said Barnaby Back-well and John Dashwood King, and their Agents, were guilty of Bribery and several other corrupt and illegal Practices, in order to procure themselves to be elected, expressly contrary to the many good Laws provided against such Practices: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to'grant the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted «to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and for the Year 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate'of the Charge of Two Regiments of Foot, to be raised for his Majesty’s Service in North America, for the Year 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of several Officers appointed by his Majesty to go with the Forces in the Expedition under the Command of Major General Braddock, for the Year 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Officers appointed by his Majesty to attend the Hospital established for the Service of the Expedition under the Command of Major General Braddock, for the Year 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, (or the Year 1755 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrov/ Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 28° dieNovembris;

Anno 28® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1754. Prayers.

PETITION of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Gaol in Salop, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison at Stafford, in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Prisoners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, now confined in the Castle at for

Debt, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Debtors confined in the several Gaols of the Kingdom of Great Britain: And also,

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of St. Mary's MacFellon, otherwise Whitechapel, Middle [ex: And al(b,

A Petition of the poor Prisoners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate:

- Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed. That Mr. Clerk

to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Paper, intituled. The Accounts of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, from the 10th of October 1753, to the 10th of October 1754, directed to be laid before each House of Parliament, by an Act, pasted in the 21st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act; for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Arnold Melio and John Swircard

lleinzel-

Com Tinted of

Privilege*.

Deb? qg Peti ions*

Ditto.

Ditto.

D; to.

Ditto.

Account* from the Mercers Company*

MeIlo%

Ac.

Nat.

28 Geo. II.

28® Novembris. 35

Heinzelmann, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the B 11 to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

StirKngshire A Petition of the under-subscribing Freeholders of Elehion. Stirlingshire, was presented to the House, and read; al-

leging, That the Return of James Campbell of Arkinglas, Esquire, to represent the Shire of Stirling in this present Parliament, instead of Robert Haldane ot Esquire,

who was duly elected by a Majority of legal and unexceptionable Votes, and ought to have been returned, was procured by most unwarrantable and illegal Proceedings of James Graham of Buck/yvie, Esquire, who took upon him, contrary to the Majority of the legal Votes upon the Roll, to act as Piaffes in adjusting it, and making the Election} but refilled to put any Question upon Objections made to the Titles of (ome who ought to have been excluded from the Roll, before any new Voters could be admitted to it; and, upon a pretended Equality of Votes, made up by his own Vote, and the Votes of those who ought to have been excluded, interpoled his carting Vote, and thereby brought upon the Roll no less than Nine new V oters for James Campbell; the moll Part of them being intirely Strangers in the Shire, claiming upon fictitious Titles, newly created to answer the present Purpose; and refuted, upon most frivolous and groundless Objections, to receive into the Roil Eight Freeholders, who declared rheir Intentions to give their Votes in favour of Robert HdJane :And the refore (the Petitioners

conceiving the above Method of Proceeding to be not only destructive of the most sacred Part of the parliamentary Constitution, in preferring inviolably the Dependence of the Representation of Shire; in Parliament upon the landed Interest in them, but directly contrary to the Method of Proceeding laid clown in the Act, of the 16th of his present Majesty, touching Elections of Members to terve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, appointing the Method of Pro-, ceeding, and adjusting Rolls, to be by first leaving out

those whole Cicumft.nces were altered, and then by adding others, who produce proper Titles) praying the Hou'e to take the Premites into Considerarion, and declare

Haldane of Plean, Esquire, duly elected Member to terve in Parliament for the Shire of Stirling; and that he ought to have been returned; or, at leait, find and declare the said Nine Intolments, and the Election and Return of , James Campbell, following thereupon, void; and appoint

‘ a new Election to be made for the said Shire, and inflict

such Censure on the said James , for his moll un-

warrantable Proceedings, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered That the Matter of the la id Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the Fourth Day

of February next.

H-lbmere A Petition of James Oglethorpe, Esquire, Lieutenant Election. General in his Majesty's Forces, was presented to the , House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election

of BurgdTes to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, the Petitioner, Peter Burrell, James More -neux, and Philip Carteret IVebb, Esquires, were Candidates; and alleging, that Edward who after! as Bailiff

of the said Borough at the time of the said Election, was not elected to the said Office of Bailiff, according to the antient Constitution of the said Borough; and that the said Edward Upfold, in taking the Poll, behaved in a very partial and illegal Manner, particularly in admitting Persons to vote in favour of the said James Mere and Philip Carteret Webb, who had no Right so to do, and refusing to accept the Votes of others who had a Right, and tendered t'eir Votes for the Petitioner; and that several undue Practices were made use of by, and on the behalf of, the said James More Molyneux and Philip -Vot. 27.

teret Webb, in relation to the Grid Election; and that the' laid Edward Upfold has returned the said James More Molyneux and Philip Carteret Webb, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes, that were received and tendered for him at the rime of the said Election: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same into Confederation, and grant him such Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, Thai the said Petition he referred to the Con-ftderation of the Committee of Privileges artd Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time that they hear the Matter of the Petition of Peter Burrell Esquire; and also the Matter of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants and legal Voters of the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, in behalf of themselves, and others, also Inhabitants and legal Voters'of the said Borough; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the fair! Borough.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Bishops of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear the Matter Election, of the Petit on of Sir Robert deCornwall, Baronet, complaining of an undue Electh n and Return for the B rough of Bishops Ca/l/e, in the County of upon Friday the 17 th Day of January next.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of the Out-Pensioners Out of the Royal Huipitai at Chelfeawas real the Third time.' fen 1. oners

An ingioffed Clause wa- offered lo be added to the Ojeliea. Bill, by way of Rider, for punishing Frautls in relation to the Affidavits mentioned in the hill.

And the I .’.id Clause was twice read, with Blanks; several of which were filled up:

And an Act, made in the 33d Year of the Reign of King Henry the 8th, intituled, A Bill against them, that

counuifeir Letters, or privy Tokens, to receive Money or Goods in other Men’s Names, being read;

The laid Clause was, by Cor.lent of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to b? made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 13. After "preceding," to insert " and re*

" citing the Place of his Abode." ,

And the lad Amendment w'as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill W’as amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do parts: And that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of the Out-Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea.

Ordered, That Mr. William Pill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Francis Gwyn Esquire, was presented to w<-ii» the House, and read; letting torlh, That the Petitioner, Eleaioni together with the right honourable Edwar Lord Digby, and Charles Tudway Esquire, was a Candidate at the last

Ekftion for the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset, to terve in this present Parliament for the said City or Bo ough; and alleging, that Sutton, Mayor of the said City or Borough, who then prelidedat the Poll at the said Election, did refule several Persons legally qualified to vote, who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and did admit several Persons to vote for the said Charles Tudway, who were not legally qualified to vole; and that several other Persons weie bribed and corrupted to vote for the said Charles Tudway, and that the said Charles Tudway treated and entertained the Electors of the said City or Borough, after the issuing out of the Writs, contra')- to the Statute in that same made and provided; and that, by these and by other indirect, undue, and illegal Practices, the said Charles Tudway hath procured himself

to be returned as a Member duly elected to terve in this present Parliament for the said City or Borough, although the said Charles Tudway had not then Lands, Tenements,

or

3<S

or Hereditaments, of a Efficient yearly Value, to qualify him to be so elected; to the manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, who was duly chosen by a Majority of legal and uncorrupted Votes, and ought to have been returned, together with the said Lord Digby, to serve for the said City or Borough in this present Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioner such Relief therein as shall be proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Supply. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Eighteen hundred and Fifteen Invalids, amounting to Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-seven etfedive Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1755.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Twenty-eight thousand Three hundred and Fifteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-teven effectice Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1755.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-six thousand Four hundred and Twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Sixpence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and-Gar-rifons in the Plantations, and Gibraltar, and for

Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Year 1755.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty thousand Three hundred and Fifty Pounds Fifteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Regiments of Foot, to be raised for his Majesty’s Service in North America, for the Service of the Year 1755.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Three hundred Thirty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of several Officers appointed by his Majesty to go with the Forces in the Expedition under the Command of Major General Braddock, for the Year 17 55.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Seven hundred Seventy-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Officers appointed by his Majesty to attend the Hospital established for the Service of the Expedition under the Command of Major General Braddock, for the Year *755-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Nineteen thousand Three hundred and Sixteen Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 17 55-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds Eight Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

A. 1754.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quefcion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Armrj punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Pay- Mutiny ment of the Army, and their Quarters: And that Mr. Desertioa. Secretary at War, Mr. Thomas Gore, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris,29° die Novembris;

Anno 28’ Georgii II'1 Regis, 1754.

Praters.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Seddon, WestmioBer from the Commissioners for building a Bridge crols Bridge, the River Thames, from the City of Westmitifler to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 20th Day of No-

vember 1753, to the 26th Day of Novembe 1754, inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 10th Day of October 1753, to the 10th Day of October 1754.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Bigge, from Carllde the Commissioners and Trustees appointed for putting Roaj. in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carli/le to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act,

A Book, intituled," 1754 — Copies of the several Acts " and Proceedings made by the Commissioners and Trustees; and allb the Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of George Pattin/on Gentleman, Treasurer " to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees; nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an " Ad, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and repairing the Road from the " City of Carli/le to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, so " far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road " which lies in the County of CumberlandAnd also,

A Book, intituled, " 1754, Copy of t'ic Ninth and Tenth Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of " John Tweddel Gentleman, Clerk and Treasurer to and " for the Commissioners and Trustees nominated and " appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for " making and repairing the Road from the City of Carli/le to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, so far as the " same relates to that Part of the said Road which lies " in the County of Northumberland."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered,

28° — 2 90 N.

African

Company*

Rimfey,

Ac.

Road.

Expiring

Law.

Ways and Means.

28 Geo. II. 29° — 30*

Ordered \That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Pofrier, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door}

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, a Paper, intituled, " 1753 — The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants " trading to Africa; distinguishing each Particular." And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Fellozves presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from, the High Bridge in the Town of in the County of Huntingdon, through King's to the West End

of Saint Peter's Lane, in the Parish of Saint , within the Borough of Huntingdon: And the same was received} and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire What Laws are expired, or near expiring} and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. , Mr. Gray, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Mr. Ro-

1 tinfon, Mr. Page, Sir Charles Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Kyuafton, Mr. Finch, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Chetzvy:id, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fellozves, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Crefwell Mr. Provfe, Sir George Lee, Sir John Cujl, Sir Robert Sir Charles Mor-

daunt, Mr. Edward Nugent, Mr. Gore, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hardman, Mr.

Mr. CInfer, Mr. Hunter, Sir Mr. OJbal-

deflon, Mr. Wi/kinson, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Bedford, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Bold, Colonel Conizva/lis, Lord Mr. Medly-

cott, Mr. Tuckfe/d, Mr. EMr. Mr.

Clevland, Mr. Caley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bri-Jlozv, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. ForreMr. Lyttelton, Lord

Malpas. Mr. Pitt, Mr. Foley, Mr. ‘Talbott, Mr. Robert More, Mr. Aid worth, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Fuller, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Rozvney, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Brooke Forrester, Mr. Fisher, Mr. land, Mr. Lade, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Powell; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe} and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read}

The House refoived itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of M ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chariton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve it Iclf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Vol. 27.

Novembris. 37

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Hale have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And presented to the House a Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the 6th and 12th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to in the County of Bedford:

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That great Progresshath been made in repairing the said Roads, and Part of the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts has been repaid} but that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, and the Money now owing upon the Credit of the said Acts, amounting to about 1,350, be repaid, unless the said Acts are further continued, and made more effectual } and further setting forth, That the Roads from the North End of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Acts, through the Town of Bigglefzvade, to the Toll Gate situate at the North End of the said Town of Bigglefzvade, belonging to the Turnpike Road from Bigg!ft wade to Bugden, in the county of ;

and also the Road from the North End of the said R >acts directed to be repaired by the said Acts, through Crab Lane, to the aforesaid Toll Gate; are in a founderous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Lawr: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual the said Acts; and also for repairing the said Roads from the North End of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts, to the Toll Gate situate at the North End of the said Town of belonging

to the Turnpike Road from Biggleswade to Bugden, in such manner as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hale, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Gore, Sir William Tonge, Mr. West, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Caley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Barbor,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Kynaftuti, Mr. Salisbury, Air

Mr. Great heed. Air. Cooke, Mr. Curzon, Mr. White, A'lr. Alderman Dickenson, Mr. Elliot, Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr. John Calvert, Mr.

Air. Bcoverie. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bacon, Sir Charles Kemys Tyn/e, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Beck ford, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Cist, Mr. Mr. Moreton,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Air. Mr.

Onflozv, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bullet, Mr. Chetwynd, Colonel Conway, Mr. Northey, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Harris, Sir Francis , Mr. Shelley, Mr. Grimflon, Mr. Which cote; and all the Alembers

who lerve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 30* dieNcvembris;

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Freemen of the Borough of Leicester, in behalf of themselves, and all other the Electors for the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting torth.That, before and during the time

L of

Committee

of

Privileges*

Stevenage

to

Biggleswade

Road.

Leicester

Election.

Brancaster

Inclosure.

Bury St. Edmund’: Election.

Otley,

Ac.

Road.

38 30° N'jvembris. — i° 1754.

of the Election for the said Borough, there were many the same Road cannot be sufficiently repaired, w idened, tumultuous, riotous, and illegal Proceedings; and that, and kept in Repair, nor can the Overflowing of the said

in particular, a great Mob ol Colliers, and other Persons, armed with ostensive Weapons, behaved in a moll outrageous and illegal Manner, and governed the said Elect ion by menacing, assaulting, and plundering, the Electors, and other Inhabitants; whereby a great Num- ber of the Electors were intimidated or prevented from giving their Votes, and others gave their Votes in the most imminent Peril of their Lives; and alleging, that the said Mob of Colliers, and other Persons, were countenanced, encouraged, and supported, in their outrageous and illegal Proceedings, by Ibme of the Candidates, or their Friends and Agents, and also by some of the Magi-ft r ues of the said Borough; and that, by these and many other undue and illegal Practices, the Electors for the said Borough have been deprived of the Exercise of their iVmchife in chusing their Representatives; and that the ns, who are returned, were chosen under the In-: - and are the Representatives only, of a riotous,

1 , n l tteasonable. Mob of Colliers, and other

1 - , "’th them, and not of the Majority of

-- ' ol - of the said Borough: And therefore

p U" g - t: . u Lo take this same into Consideration, and to enable ttie Electors for the said Borough lo exercise their just Rights, and to punish the Offenders in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon the 18th Day of

February next.

Sir Armine Wodehoife presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Field and Breeks in the Manor and Panlh of casier, in the County of Norfolk', and for extinguishing

the several Rights of Common and Sheep-walk in and over the said Field and Breeks, and in and over certain Half-year Closes and Pieces of Common lying in the said Manor and Parish; and for granting other Rights of Common to the Owners of certain Dwelling-hoults in the Manor and Parish aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Dunce, 2* die Decembris;

Anno 28* Georgii II41 Regis, 1754.

Pr AYtE S.

JDESOLFED, That this House will, this Morning, take into Consideration the double Return for the Borough of Bury St. Edmund, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, immediately, with the said double Return for the said Borough-of Bury St. Edmund.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of York, and the County Palatine of ,whose

Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the High Road leading from the Town of Otley, in the said West Riding, through Burley, llkley, Addingham, Skipton, and in the same Riding, and through in the said

County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of in the same County Palatine, by Reason of the Overflowing of the River Wharf, the Narrownels of the said Road, and the great Number of Carriages and Horses passing along the fame, is become so ruin.us and inconvenient, that Horses, Coaches, and other Carriages, cannot pass along the lame, without great Danger; and that 17

River be prevented by the ordinary Coarle of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Road; 01 that such other Relief may be given in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of and of the County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; am! report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, with the double Return for the Borough of Bury St. Edmund, in the County of Sjt/o/k;

The House proceeded to take the said Return into Consideration.

And the said Return being read, it appeared, that the Right honourable William Stanhope, Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Petersham, had Sixteen Votes at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough; and that the Honourable Felton Hervey, Esquire, and the Honourable Augustus job: Jfer* vey, Esquire, had each Fifteen Votes at the said Election.

And no Petitions having been presented to the House, relating to the said double Return:

And the House being informed, that the said Air. Felton Hervey docs not contest the said Return:

And the House being also informed, that the said Mr. Augufiui John Hervey does not contest the said Return,

Kcjolvedy That the late Election of Burgdi* s to serve in tins predht Parliament for the Borough oi Bury Saint Edmund\ in the County of Suffolk, is a void Election with redact 10 the said Mr. FJton Hrvey and the said Mr. Augustus John Hervey.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Cr.avn, to make out a new Writ for the Eluding ot a burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury Saint Edmund, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the said Air. Felton Hervey and Air. Augustus John Hervey, whole Election has been declared void.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for (he Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town o( Ludlow, in the County of Salop, in the room of Richard Herbert, Esquire, ueceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the Honourable George Compton Esquire, now Earl of Northampton, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, in the room of Jeffery French Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his V'arrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eluding of a Commissioner to iurve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Inverurie, Elgin, Bamff, Cullen, and Kintore, in the room of William Grant Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Dinner ot Burghs, hath accepted the Office of One of the Senators of the College of Justice in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Clerk of the Crown, to nuke out a new W nt for the

Electing

Bnrv Sr. Edmuntft Election.

Ludlow

Writ.

Northamp-

ton

Town

Writ.

Tavlstock

Writ.

Inverurie,

ice.

Writ.

Clifton Dartmouth liar t net* Writ.

28 Geo. II. 2°

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for »he Boroush ot Clifton Hardness, in the County of Devon, in the romn of Esquire;

vdio, since Ins Elelvin for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Walden of his Majei.lv’s Mint.

Edinburgh- Ordered That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Slure of Edinburgh, in the room of RclnrtDundas Esquire; who, tince his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of his Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland.

Tetness Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Devon, in the room of the right honourable Sir John Strange Knight, deceased.

Northamp- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

Wm^ the Electing of a Krfignt of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of , in the

room of Valentine Knight ley Esquire, deceased.

Le!)'»i:liiel Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to "rit' the Ckrk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ lor the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Cornwall, in the ro uv of Clarke Esquire, now' the

right honourable Sir Tho Knight; who, since his Election for the find Borough, hath accepted the Office of Malter and Keeper of the Rolls in Chancery.

Rutland Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of ,in the

room of the right honourable Cecil Esquire,

commonly caiiad Lord , now Earl of,

called up to the House of Peers.

Taunton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ fur the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of -merjet, in the room of John Esquire, deceased.

Carnarvon Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ^!>l the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon, in the room of Sir IVi.Hi am Wynne Knight, deceased.

Cibiors A Petition of the poor Prisoners confined fur Debt in etit, ous. jus jypy.jfly’s Prison at Oxford, for the County of Oxford: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison for the County of Carmarthen, in behalf of thetnielves, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the the several Gaols of this Kingdom: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison at Horjhutn, for the County of Sussex;

Were severally pretented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

1d i

Meflo’s An ingrotTed Bill for naturalizing Arnold Aiello and John Side cardHcinze/maun, w'as read the Third time.

Re foiled. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Arnold Aiello and John card Ueinzelmann.

Ordered, 'it ait Mr. Fell owes do carry the Bill to the Lords and ddire their Concurrence.

Vol. 27.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole I leufe, to whom it was referred to contider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Roll Unions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W here tide same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, will h. by an Act of Parliament or the Twenty seventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the Twenty fourth Day of June 1755, be further continued and charged upon ail Malt which shall be made, and all Mum width shall be made or imported, and all Cider and Perry which shall be made for Safe, within 1 he Kingdom of Great Britain, (torn the Twenty-third Day of June 1755, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1756.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Two Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1755, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices and personal Eftatis, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolutionr, being severallyread a Second time, were, upon the Quefuon severally put thereupon, agiecd to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions; And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Mr.

Mr. Attorney General, Mr Westand Mr do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Charles Fitzroy Scudamore Esquire, being ebefen a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Hereford, and alto a Bulge's for the Borough of 7-ford, in the County of Norfolk, made his Election to serve for the City of Hereford.

Ordered, Tl at Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to made out a new Writ Tor the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lbr the Borough of Thit ford, in tire County of Norfolk, in the room of the said Mr. Charles Fitzroy Scudamore.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify Members of Corporations, who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, and allowing them further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Bouverie, Mr.

JulinesBickford, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Sir Robert Long, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Robert Nugent, Esquire, being chosena Citizen to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of and also

a Burgess for the Borough of St. AIuit.es, in the County of

O O

Cornwall, made Ins Election to serve for the City of Briflel.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W 1 it for the Efecting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Alawes, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the said Mr.

The other Order of the Day being rend, for the EL.use to resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, to contider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, Mr the Year 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

Ways and Means*

Thrffor3

Writ.

Oaths of Utht c Indemnity.

St. Mawcs Writ.

s^nfe-

p

4° 2° — 3* Decembris. A. 1754.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had comftto several Resolutions; which they had directeci him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty*

'RetenfieM Mr. Alderman Beckford being chosen a Citizen to serve Wnt* in this prefau Parliament for the City of London, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, made his Election to serve for the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the said Mr. Beck/ord.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 30 die Decembris \

Anno 28* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

Debtori. A PETITION of the poor Prisoners confined for Petitions- jy\^ Deb>t in his Majesty’s Prison of in the

City of London: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the confined Debtors in Compter: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the unhappy Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison for the County of Leicester: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Prisoners for Debt in his Majesty’s County Gaol at Hereford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining ot their Distress: And praying Relief.

A nd the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Malt, Ac. Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1755: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ramsey, Sir John Cujl presented to the House, according to *hr0> Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Ramsey, through Bury, and over Bury Bridge, and through the several Towns of Old Hurfi,

Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltijley, by and through the

Towns of Gamlingay and Pot ton to a House called the Spread Eagle in Stratton, within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Army; Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according to Mutiny Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and Desertion ^or ^ctter Foment of the Army, and their Quarters:

’ And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Land Tax.’ Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a

Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1755: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for' repairing and widening the Road from the Ramsey, High Bridge in the Town of Ramsey, in the County of ic-Huntingdon, through King's Ripton, to the West End of oa

Saint Peter's Lane, in the Parish of Saint John, within the Borough of Huntingdon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fcllcwes,

Mr. Gore, Lord Carysftrt, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr.

Bertie, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Prowse, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Grosvenor,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Legh, Mr. TMr. Bagot, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Barrow, Lord Downe,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lifler, Sir

Cor del Fire brace, Mr. Ro-jjney, Mr. Powney Mr. ney, Mr. Walter, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Mr.

Colonel Conway, Mr Fane, Mr. A/Mr. , Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr.

Lee-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Northampton, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execu- Darlington-tion an Act of Parliament, passed in the 24th Year of his Road*, present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Road leading front Darlington, ill the County of Durham, and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; reciting some

Provisions in the said Act for amending the several Roads therein mentioned; and fetiing forth, That the Trustees, appointed to put the said Act in Execution, have made a considerable Progress in repairing the said Road; and that several Sumsof Money, to the Amount of £.3,200, have been borrowed by the said Trustees, and are now due, upon the Credit of the said Act; and alleging, that, notwithstanding the Tolls collected, and the Money so borrowed, has been duly applied in amending the Road aforesaid, yet by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing and repairing on the said Road (several of which Carriages, laden with Lime, are, by the said Act, exempt from paying the Tolls thereby granted, and others returning laden with Coals, which come into the Road at a Place called Tree Lane, pay but Half Tolls), the said Tolls, annually received upon the said Road, do not raise a sufficient Sum ot Money to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed, and to amend and keep in Repair the said Road; but the fame, in many Parts thereof, is yet in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired, and so kept, without a very great and extraordinary Expence (the Materials for repairing the said Road lying at a great Distance upon many Parts thereof); and that it will be impossible to complete the Repair of the said Road, and keep the same in Repair, and pay off the Money borrowed, and now due, as atorc-feid, unless the Tolls and Duties by the said Act granted be augmented, and the said Lime Carriages be charged, and the said Coal Carriages returning by the said Lane, called Bur Tree Lane, be charged full Toll; and further setting forth. That the Powers, granted by the said Act, are, in many Instances, found ir.sufficient; and that several Difficulties have arisenin putting the said Act in Execution, whereby the good Purposes by the said Act: intended are greatly obstructed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the above-mentioned Act of Parliament; and f©r augmenting the Tolls of the said Road, and charging the said Coal and Lime Carriages, for the Purpose aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

Bowes, &c. Road.

28 Geo. II. 30 Decembris. 41

And it is referred to Lord Barnard, Lord Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Gore, Sir

Charles Mot daunt, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Mr. Fane,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fel/owes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr.

Prowje, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Walter, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Mr.

Sandys, Lord F.gmont, Mr. Potter, Mr. Poivney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, whore Names are thereunder subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high Road leading from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard Ca/li'e, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Staindrop to Newgate in Bishop Aukland, and from Newgate along Chair to Gaundless Bridge-, and from thence by fion Gill otherwise Coundon Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the said County of Durham-, was presented to ti e House, and read; setting forth, That by tire said Act, several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Road, which were to have Continuance lor the Teim of Twenty-one Years, from the Third Day of May 1748; but that no Provision is made in the said Act, or any Toll granted, for any Hotfe or other Cattle going upon the same Road empty or unladen for, or laden with, Coals, Cinders, Lime, or Lead, nor for any Waggon or other Carriage going like-wife empty or unladen for, or laden with, Stones to be used for Building in any of the Townships through which the said Road doth lie; nor for any Waggon, Wain, or ether Carriage, going likewise empty or unladen for, or laden with. Coals, Cinders, Lime, or Lead, between the Twentieth Day of April and the Thirtieth Day of October in each Year; and alleging, that the Tolls by the said Act granted for Waggons and other Carriages going empty or unladen for, or returning laden, upon the said Road, with Coals, Cinders, Lime, or Lead, between the Thirtieth Day of October and the Twentieth Day of in each Year; as also for HoiCs or other Cattle travelling all the Year upon the said Road, and not drawing; are but very (mail, and not equal to the Damage done to the said Road thereby, nor adequate to the otherTollsgranted by the said Act; and that, at the time of passing the said Act, the said High.vay was in a very ruinous Con ition; and, in order to carry on tire Repairs thereof, from time to time, the Petitioners borrowed ieverai Sums of Monty, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Sum of £. 2,1550, at £ 5 per Cent, per Annum, is now due, and hath not been sufficient to repair all tfte said Road; and that the said Sum cannot be repaid, and all Parts of the said Road be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers by the said Act granted, for such Time, and in such, Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Barnard, Lord Dupplin, Lord Downe, Mr. Watson, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sandys, Mr, Fonereau, Mr. West, Mr. Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Archer, Mr. , Mr. Kynaston. Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Mr. Gray, Mr. Page, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Sir Charles Sir John

V01. 27.

Cujt, Mr. Curzott, Mr. Thortthagh, Sir John Glynn, Colonel Mostyn, Mr. Medit cot t, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Walter, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Kent, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Offey, Mr. Mr. Bayntun;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of hami York, Lancaster, Westmorland, Cumberland, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fenJ for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bouverie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnity Members of Corporations, who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, and allowing them further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty thousand Two hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Halt-pay to Sea Officers, for the Year i 755.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, nor exceeding Ten Thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hof, dial at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen in the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in t he Service of their Country.

The said Resolutions, being fever.,i!y read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hea ing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Reiurn.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Petition of the right honourable Thomas Parker Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Parker, and Sir Edward Turner Baronet; and the Petition of the right honourable Philip Wenman Lord V ifeount of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Sir James Daftiwood Baronet; and the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed (severally complaining of an undue Election and double Return for thefuid County); were severally read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for rcllraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cmque Port, or Place, contrary to the lad Determination in the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 18th Day of March 1727, That in all Cases on double Returns, where the same shall be controverted, either at the Bar of this House, or in Committees of Privileges and Elections, the Counsel for such Person, who shall be first named in such double Return, or whole Return shall be immediately annexed to the Writ or Precept, shall proceed in the First place, was also read.

And it appearing from the said double Return, with which the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attended (according to Order), that the right honourable the Lord Wenman is Bril named in the said Return:

M And

Oath* of Other Indemnity,

Supply*

Oxford

County

Election*

i^-

42 3° — 4° Decembris. A. 1754.

And the Counsel for the said Lord Wmman declaring, that they were also Counsel for the said Sir James Dashwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of; and that the same of the said Sir James Dashwood, and of the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, was the feme with the same of the said Lord We; The laid Counsel were directed to proceed.

And the said Counsel were heard.

And the said Return was read.

And the original Poll Books, taken at the lask Election of Knights of the Shire for the said County, being produced:

And the Counsel for the said Lord and Sir

James Dashwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of , having alleged, that the Majority of Votes upon the said Poll was in favour of the said Lord and Sir James

Dashwood:

And the feme being admitted by the Counsel on the Other Side;

The Counsel for the said Lord fVenman and Sir James Dajkivood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, that the Sheriff of the said County did, at the close of the Poll, declare the Majority of Votes to be in fevour of the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood;and also to prove in what manner the Scrutiny granted by the said Sheriff, after the Close of the Poll, was proceeded in; and as to the Method in which the Poll was carried on, and the Reason assigned by the said Sheriff for making a double Return:

And the said Counsel having referred to a Member of the House, to give the House an Account of what passed at the Close of the said Scrutiny;

The said Member did, in his Place, inform the House of what he knew concerning that Matter.

And the said Counsel insisting, that they having established a Majority upon the Poll for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, it was now incumbent upon the Counsel on the other Side to proceed upon the Merits of the said Election.

And having informed the House, that they meant to wave their Objections to any of the Voters for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner only for the present; for that they being in Possession of a Majority (as had been admitted) upon the Poll, Objections to the Qualifications of Voters ought to begin on the other Side> and that they the said Counsel meant to be at Liberty to make Objections to the Qualification of Voters for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, if it should afterwards become necessary:

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel for the Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of , be directed to

proceed now upon the Whole of the Merits of the said Election, on their Part;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { J}riia/S,.- } 1?z-

Tellers so, the Noes,[^"^« },7.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and

other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, proceeded accordingly, and dated the Number of Persons obieded to, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir 15

Turner, and whom they the said Counsel proposed to disqualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 40 die Decembris;

Anno 28* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Elizabeth Phi/l, Widow, Lady of the Stanton,

Manor of Swanton with Worthing, in the Pan (hes of Swanton, Morley, and Worthing, in the County of jnctofure!

folk, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and intitled to certain Rights of Common, within the said Manor and Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the said Manor and Parishes certain common, open, arid arable Fields, known by the several Names of the hfield,

Marlpitfield, Highfeld, and Hoefield;and also several Closes of arable Land, called the Half-year Closes, and a certain Trad of arable Land, called the Breeks, containing togetherby Estimation about One thousand and Four hundred Acres; and that the said Elizabeth Phill is Owner of all the said Breeks, and is also entitled to certain Rights of Sheep-walk and Common in and over certain Parts of the said open Fields and Half-year Closes; and the Proprietors of Linds in the said open Fields and half-year Closes are intitled to certain Rights of Common in the said Breeks, and also to a right of Common over certain Parts of the said open Fields and Half-year Closes at certain stated Times in every Year; and that the several Lands of the Proprietors of the said open and common Fields, and in feme of the Half-year Closes, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and many of them are inconveniently situated in respect to the Habitations of the said Proprietors; and that the said open Fields,

Breeks, and Half-year Closes, are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, and TrespalTes are committed, and Disputes frequently happen between the Proprietors and the Persons claiming such Rights of Common and Sheep-walk, as aforesaid; and that the said Elizabeth Phill, and much the greatest Part of the Proprietors of the said open Fields and Half-year Closes, are desirous that all Right of Common over the said Fields,

Breeks, and Half-year Closes, should be extinguished;

and that the said common Fields and intermixed Lands

may be divided and inclosed; and that specific Parts s

thereof may be assigned to each of the said Proprietors,

in proportion to their respective Properties therein; but

that such Division and Inclosure, although manifefdy for the Advantage of all the Parties interested in the Premises,

cannot be carried into Execution, without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may

be given to bring in a Bill for the Pui poles aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Bacon, and Sir Armine Wodehouse, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hale reported from the Committee, to whom the Stevenage to Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto sub- Bigglelwade feribed, for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parlia- oad4* ment, passed in the 6th and 12th Years of the Ileign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of to

Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford, was refe- red.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as

it

Debton

Petitions.

Ditto.

0, I«y, &c.

*uid.

a8 Geo. II. 4 Decembris. 43

it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act of the 6th, and also an Act: of the 12 th, Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the said Roads, were read. And,

Mr. JJdac Wilkinson, Clerk to the said Trustees, laid

before your Committee an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls for Seven Years last past; and also an Account of the Debt now remaining due on the Credit of the said Acts, amounting to 1,350: And he said, that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, and the said Debt discharged, unless the said Acts are continued for a further Term:

That the Road through the Town of and

also the Road through Crab Lane (being Part of the great Northern Road), are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Love, Surveyor to the said Trustees, said. That the said Roads, directed to be repaired by the said Acts, cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the said Acts are further continued, and made more effectual; and that the said Roads through and

Crab Lane are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, lor repairing the Reads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Bigglefzvade, in the County of Bedford-, ami also for repairing the Road from the North End of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Acts, through the Town of Biggkfwade, to the Toll-gate situateat the North End of the said Town of Biggleswade. belonging to the Turnpike Road from Biggleswade to Bugden, in the County of

Huntingdon-, and also the Road from the North End of the said Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts, through Crab Lane, to the aforesaid Toll-gate: And that Mr. Hale, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Harr fort, and Mr. Nicholson Calvert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Castle or Prison for the County of in behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors now in Custody in his Majesty’s Gaol at Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, in behalf of themselves, and others their Fellow Sufferers;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Town of Leeds, through Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Burscough Bridge in IValt on in le Dale, and

from Burnley to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster -, and also near and contiguous to the Road leading from Addingham, through in the said

West Riding, to Clitheroe, in the said County Palatine; and of the Merchants and Trade fmen inhabiting and re-fidingin that part of the County; was presented to the Houfo, and read; setting forth, That the said Hoads, from the Narrowness thereof in many Places, and the Nature of the Soil, and the Overflowing of the Waters, are become very ruinous, and almost impafiable for Wheel Carriages, and very dangerous for Travellers; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Vol. 27.

Bill for the better and more effectual repairing and widening the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, and other Inh bitants, of the West Riding of the County of York, and of the County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Great Harborough, in the County of was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Field and Breeks in the Manor and Parish of Brancaster, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and Sheep-walk in and over the said Field and B recks, and in and over certain Half-year Closes and Piec sof Common lying in the said Manor and Parish; and for granting other Rights of Common to the Owners of certain Dwelling-houses in the Manor and Parish aforesaid; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. 7 Mr. Cooke, Sir John Turner, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mr. Robinson,

Mr. Prowse, Lord Egmont, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Barber, Sir Francis Mr.

Belchitr, Mr. Earle, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Fane, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hale, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Mr. Burrard, Mr. Holmes, Lord Mr. Poztncy.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr.

Mr. West, Earl of Upper Ojjory, Mr. Kir.

Lowndes, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Salufbury, Sir Robert Long, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gray, Sir John Glynne , Mr. Hunter, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Hay, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Horatio Walpole junior, Mr. Lifer, Lord Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lyttelton, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir William Beauchamp ProSior, Sir Cor del Firehrace, Mr. Comewall, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Martin, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Thomas 'Pelham, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Lane, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Campbell, Mr.

Watson, Mr. Brifozv, Lord Hobart, Sir John Crosse Mr. Lee, Mr. Finch, Mr. Onflozv, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lascelles, Lord Malpas, Sir Wil-

loughby Afon, Mr. Forrefler; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties ot Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Samuel Blackwell, heretofore called Samuel Killican, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Blackwell only, pursuant to the will of Jonathan Blackwell, deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were borne by the said Jonathan And the fame

was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr

Great

Harborough

laclosure.

Bnncaster

lucloiure.

Killican’*

Name.

BuiUing

Dilips.

Supply Bill Malt, &c.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

44 4° Decembri 1754.

of Mr. Ellis, from the Commissioners for executing the Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented Year 1755.

to the House, purl'uant to their Address to his Majesty, And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, The said Estimate is as followeth;

Navy Office, 27th November, 1754.

AN Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1755; prepared in pursuance of an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 25th Instant

Place where. Guns. Ships Namet, Nature of the Repair. Time when to be Charge of their D TOTAL.

r Taken in Hand. Completed. 1 < Hulls, and Rigging. Rigging and Stores.

Deptford - 80 Cambridge * - Building - In Hand October 1755 — 600 . 6,500 7,100

60 Medway Building - In Hand March 1755 — 300 4,63° 4-9 3(>

5° Preston - Building - In Hand 7>3co 5 »85° 11,150

For preparing the Frame of a new Ship (to be set up on the

West Slip after the Medway is launched), in the room ol > 3,coo - .3,000

One of the old 2d or 4th Rates in Want of Rebuilding — 1

Woolwich - . 100 Royal Ann - - Building - In Hand September 17 55: 5>5°‘-) 8,292 13,702

80 Norfolk - Building - In Hand Augv.ft 1756 - c,coo - 5,000

60 Rippott - - - Building - In Hand December 1756 6,coo - 6,000

Chatham - 90 Namur - - - Building - In Hand September 1756 7,000 7,000

Union - - - Building - In Hand September 1756 8,000 - 8,000

70 Burford - Building - In Hand Uncertain 6,coo 6,coo

Sheerttefs - 60 Montague - Building - In Hand June 1757 - 4,500 — m 4,5c°

Tortfmouth 100 Britannia - Building - In Hand Uncertain 2,000 - 2,000 /

90 Neptune - Building - In Hand Uncertain 16,293 - 16,329

5° Chatham *» , Building - In Hand Uncertain 2,000 - 2,000

90 Marlborough - Great Repair In Hand September 1755 9>9J4 6,593 16,507

70 Dorsetshire - - Building - In Hand Uncertain , 3,000 m 3,000

Plymouth - 70 Aiagnanime - - Great Repair In Hand . December 1755 10,000 5-733 15 733

60 Pembroke m Building - In Hand Uncertain 2,000 t 2, COD

I Tot AL - 98>4°7 J 35-598 134,005

abstract.

For the Hulls of the Ships ----- 98,407

Rigging and Stores - -- *"*- 35>59

Total - - 134,005

Viz, The Sum of One hundred Thirty-four thousand and Five Pounds.

- . 1

S. Mo/lyn, Jof. Allin, Dan. Devest, Richard Hall,

R. Osborne, Edward G. Adams.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-to be perused by the Members of the House. . night, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole

House, upon the said Bill.

! A Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Land Tax Service of the Year 1755, was read a Second time. Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, Comnviiiao*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. of the Names of such Persons as they Hull think proper,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee with the Commissioners for executing the Land Tax A A of the whole House. . of the last Year, to be Commissioners for executing this

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Act, for the respective Counties, Cities, and Pieces, for next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole which there have been used to be Commissioners; and House, upon the said Bill. that the Christian Names and Surnames of such additi-

onal Commissioners be written at Length.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Year 1755, was read a Second time. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

a8 Geo. II. 5* Decembris.

Oxford

County E left ion.

StVfi rgfleet indoiuic.

Debtors

Petitions.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Stevenage

to

Bigglffwade

Kwd.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Dekrtioa.

Jovzs, 5" die;

Anno aS° Georgii If" Regis, 1754. Prayers.

RDERED, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, immediately, with the double Return for the County of Oxford.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to confirm and establishan Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Failures, Moors, and Greens, in the Lordfiiip of in the County of York, and for settling certain yearly Payments to the

Impropriators of the Rettery, and to the Vicar of -

fleet aforesaid, in lieu of the great and small Tythes belonging to the said Rettory and Vicarage: And the same wa«» received; apd read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Prison of Northampton: And also,

A Petkion of the Prisoneis confined for Debt in the Sheriff’s Ward or Prison at Bodmy in the County of wall, in behalf of themselves, and all others: And also,

A Petition of the poor unhappy Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol at , in behalf of

themselves, and all others under the like Misfortunes throughout the Kingdom in general j.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

M r.Halepresented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill to continue and render more effectualTwo Atts of Parliament, passed in the 6th and 12th Years of the Reign of ll is late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the Coun:y of to

Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford-, and also for repairing the Road from the North End of the Road di-retted to be repaired by the said Atts, through the Town of Biggleswade, to the Toll — ate situate at the North End

of the said Town of Biggleswade, belonging to the Turnpike Road from Biggleswade, to Bugden, in the County of Huntingdon-, and also the Road from the North End of the said Roads directed to be repaired by the said Atts, through Crab Lane, to the aforesaid Toll-gate: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer!ion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That tire Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Lists of the Persons objected to, who voted for the Lord Wenman and Sir James Baronet,

and for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, Baronet, at the said Elettion, being respectively delivered in by the Counsel on both Sides-,

The Counsel for the said Lord and Sir James

Dashwood, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford (who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Elettion and double Return for the said County), were further heard.

And having charged the Sheriff of the said County with Partiality in favour of the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, and the said Lord Parker and Sir Turner, and their Agenrs, with Bribery:

And having (fated the general Nat ure of the Objections to the Votes of the several Persons objected to, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward

They examined several Witnesses as to the Behaviour of the said Sheriff'at the said Elettion.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that several of the Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Ethvard Turner, were bribed , And a Letter, which the said Counfol alleged was signed with the Names of the said Lord and Sir Edward

T\urner, being produced;

A Witness was examined, in order to prove that the Names subscribed to the said Letter were of the Handwriting of the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner:

And the said Letter being brought up to the Table* and the said Witness being withdrawn;

The said Letter was read.

And the said Counsel having referred to a Member of the House, to relate what he knew concerning the Giving of Money to several of the Voters for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, at the said Elettion;

The laid Member did, in his Place, acquaint the House with what he knew relating to that Matter.

And the said Counsel having acquainted the House, that they had finithed their general Evidence, and proposed to proceed to disqualify particular Votes;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Tuesday Morning next, with the double Return for the County of Oxford.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 6° die Decembris;

Anno a8° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1754.

Swanton

with

Worthing

laciuurt;.

Oxford

Coimry

Eit&ioa.

Sir ArmnteIE odehotfepresented to the House, accord- I 'HE honourable Esquire, being chosen Borough

ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- J_ a Knight of the Shire tolerve in this present Par- bridge

inon Fields and certain Lands in the Half-year Closes be- fiament for the County of Kent, and also a Burgess for the Writ‘

longing to the Manor of Swanton with Worthing, within Borough of in the County of York, made

the Parithcs of Swanton, Morley, and Worthing, in the h s Elettion ’.o serve for the County of Kent.

County of Norfolk-, and for extinguishing the several Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Rights of Common and Sheep-walk in and over the said Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Fields and Half-year Closes, and in and over ceriain Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

Lands called the Breeks, lying within the said Manor for the Borough of Boroughbridge, in the County of York,

and Parishes: And the same was received; and read the in the room of the said Mr. Watson.

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. An ingrossed Bill'for dividing and inclosing the com- Great

mon Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, com- Harborough The Order of the Day being read; mon Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and *ncl°f-re-

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Parish of Great Harborough, in the County of Warwick,

Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue was read the Third time.

Vot- 27. x N The

4

The Amendment Following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. L. 3. After " Common Pleas," to insert "at " Westminster.".

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Billdo pass: And that the Title be, An Act fordividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Great Harborough, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Brinkman’* Petition of Theodore Henry an infant, and

"ame‘ Ann Brinkman, Mother and Guardian of the said Theodore Henry Brinkman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Henry , late of the Parish of

Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Esquire, deceased; by his last Will and Testament, gave and bequeathed all his real and personal Estate (except as in the said Will is mentioned), to the Petitioner Theodore Henry Brinkman, and his Heirs; and directed that the said Petitioner should change his Surname Brinkman to Broadheadt and should endeavour to obtain an Act of Parliament for that Purpose; and that the said Petitioner, inCompliance with the said Will, is defirousto take upon himself, and use, the Surname of Broadhead, instead of Brinkman; and that the same may be confirmed by Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-fuatit to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Calvert and Mr do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to «n cans. j^f0|ve jnt0 a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven--jiight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-fblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon WedMorn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill: The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

Malt, &ci £0 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1755;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit tec, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to di-rest, that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1755, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1753, to satisfy Principal ami ln-terest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1755.

ThentheHouse resolved itfelfintothe said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Clutir of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the I louse will pi case to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Bouverie have Leave to make a mix- Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

jl. i 7 5 4*

And he moved the House accordingly:

And a Bill to indemnify Members of Corporations, who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, and al- /

lowing them further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, up^n Menday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to r. ct ive a Clause or Clauses, for giving further Time for ti e Me. bets and Officers of Corporations and Borough Towns ih England for Stamping of Adrmffions, where the same have been omitted.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna,90 die Decembrist

Anno 28* Georgii II41 Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land- Ottfey, holders, and other Inhabitants, of the West and North Ridings of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Roads leading from the Turnpike Road between Lancaster and Richmond, in the said North Riding, to wit, from a Place called Carperby, in the said North R ding, through Tho-ralby, Newbiggin, Kidjlones, Buckden, Starbottau.

well, Kilnfey, Conistone, Graffngton, Threfhfield, Lsntcn Cracoe, and Kilftone, to Skipton, in the said U elt Riding, are, by reason of the Narrowness thereof, several lte:p Hills, and the great and many stony Rocks in the said Roads, so dangerous and^ruinous, that Horles and Carriages cannot pass alongtne same without great Danger.*

And therefore, in regard the said Roads c inn t, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended, praying, That Leave may be given to add Clauses (for repairing and amending that Part of the Road af irelad, from the said Turnpike Road at Carperby aforesaid, in and through the said Towns, to Skipton afevesaid, where the same will unite with the intended Turnpike Road fro 11 Skipton towards Come) to a Bill now in Consideration r e-fore the House, by such Ways and Means, and in Rich Manner, as to the House dull seem meet.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Ditto. Owners and Occupiers of Land, lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Town of through Ottley, in the West Riding of the Coun’y of York, to Bur/cough Bridge in Walton in Dale, and Ivom Burnley to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan~ caster-, and also near and contiguous to the Road leading from Addingham, through Skipton in the said West Riding, to Clitheroe in the said County Palatine; and of the Merchants and Tradesmen inhabiting and iefiding in that Part of the Country; was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Roads, from the Narrowness thereof in many Places, the Nature of the Soil, and the Overflowing of the Waters, are become very ruinous, and are aimost impassable for Wheel Carriages, and very dangerous for Travellers; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Kht the better and more effectual repairing and widening the said Roads.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy’, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of York, and of the County’ Palatine of Lancaster, is referred: And theyare to examine the Matters of these Petitions;

6° — 90 Devembris.

28 Geo^II. 90 Decembris. 47

titions; and report the tame, as they shall appear to Mr. y Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bond, Mr. Mr,

I them, to the House. Mr. Lord Sir Conyers

] Mr. Tuckfield, M Mr. Hamilton-, and all the

Rioter ' A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Members who serve for the Counties of Ghiuefter, Town of Ramsey, through Bury, and over Bury Bridge, and Oxford, Hertford, and Somerset: And they are to meet

kaadL through the several Places of Warboys, Old Hurjt, this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Ives, Hilton, Eltifley, by Warefley, and through the Towns Chamber.

of Gamlingay and Potion to a House called the Spread '

Eagle in Stratton, within the several Counties of Hun- A Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement for divid-tingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford, was read a Second ing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Failures, time. . Moors, and Greens, in the Lord ship of Stillingfieef, in'

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Sir John the County1 of and for settling certain yearly Pay-, Cufl, Mr. Coventry, Mr; Fellowes, Mr. Prowse, Mr.* ments to the Impropriators of the Red Fory, and to the

Gray, Mr. Hay , Mr, Hardinge, Mr. Waifon, Sir John Vicar of aforesaid, in lieu.of the great and

Glynn, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. West, Sir Francis Poole, Sir final I Tythes belonging to the said Redtory and Vicarage,

Robert Long, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr/ Lyster, was read aSecond time.*

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. More, Sir Charles KemysTynte, Sir Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Mr.

Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Mr. Hale, Mr.' Ongley I Mr. Gore, Sir fleck, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Caley, Mr.; Cornewall, Mr. Pro- Cufl, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lyster,' Sir.'Robert'

bin, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Fownev, Mr. White, Mr. Whichcot, Long, Mr. Powny, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Robert

Mr. Vynerjunior, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Hun- L Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

ter, Mr. Gore, Mr. Walter,- Mr. Lade, Mr. l emon, Mr. , Mr.r Gray, Mr; Wilkinson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lee, Sir

Legh, Mr. IVilly, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Cras-

Charles Townshend, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr, ter, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Martin, Mr. Alderman -Walpole, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lafeelles; and all the Members son, Mr.- j I^ord Fane, Mr. Harvey, Lord

who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Bed-ley, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Webb,

ford, Norfolk, Northampton, and Lincoln: And they are Mr. More, Mr. Mr. Nnvnham, Mr. Sir

to meet this Aftemooh at Five of the Clock, in the John Glynn, Mr. Cope, Mr. Egerton, Sir

Speaker’s Chamber. Francis Ddfhwood, M r. Campbell, Mr, Fletcher, Mr."

McKenzie, Mr. Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Calvert,

Sterwage A Bill to continue and render more effectual Two Adb Mr. Shelley, Mr. Cocks; and all the Members who serve . of Parliament, passed-in the 6th and 12th Years of the for the Counties of York, Lincoln,

Road*. Reign of his late Majesty KingGectge the First, for re- and Durham: And they are to meet this After-

pairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hert- noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford; and 4II0

for repairing the Road from the North End of the Road A Petition of the Landholders of the Wapentakes of . directed to be repaired by the said Acts, through the Act ago. Welt, Gartree, Horucaflle, Soak, and IVraggo, in Town of Biggleswade, to the Toll-gate situate at the the Parts of and County and also of the

North End of the said Town of Biggleswade, belonging Landholders of the Hundred of in the fame

to the Turnpike Road from Biggie)wade toBugdenfinthe County, and Parts of Kefleven; was presented to the County of Huntingdon -, and also the Road from the North House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Year 1727, End of the said Roads dire died to be repaired by the said John Manly Esquire, of Louth, in the said County, was Acts, through Crab Lane, to the aforesaid Toll-gate; Receiver of the Land Tax for the said Parts of Lind fey-, was read a Second time.; and that, in the same Year, he the said John Manby died#

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to Mr. Hale, leaving Mary Chamberlain his Daughter, who admin if- Mr. Onslow, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Har- tered to his Estate and Effects; and that, some time after, dinge, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ord, Mr. Wilkinson, flie the said also died, and left Edmund

Sic Thomas Hales, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. White Esquire, her Executor; and that the Officers of his

Dr.lt on, Mr. Great heed, Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Yonge, Majesty’s Court of Exchequer (upon the Representation of

Mr Lyster, Mr. Pcwney, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Charlton, the and at the Distance of Seven Years

Mr. Elliot, Mr Egerton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Foley, after the said Death) have charged large Arrears,

Mr. Gy lion, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sandys, Admiral Bof- amounting in the Whole to the Sum of £ 1,411 17

careen, Mr. Caley, Mr. Walter, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Af- 9 upon the said several Wapentakes in Lindsey afore-fleck, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Francis Daflowood, Mr . B arbor, said; and alleging, that the Petitioners, after having made

Sir Robert Ladbrcoke, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Bond, Mr. all {>oflible Search and Inquiry into this TransadFion, of Lade, Mr. Tuckfield, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte-, and all the more than'27 Years Standing, have great Reason to ap-Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bed- prehend, that the said Taxes for the Year 1727, now said ford, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this After- to be in Arrear, were duly and regularly paid by the Pe- uoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. titioners, their Ancestors, or by such others as were at that

J time in Possession of the Lands so charged in- the several

1 Xttlican’s A Bill to enable Samuel Blackwell, heretofore called Sa- Wapentakes aforesaid, unto the said John Manly, or to his Name. «,-«;/ Kil'liean, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname well-known Deputy or Agent Norton-, and fur-

I of Blackwell only, pursuant to the Will of Jonathan ther alleging, that, in regard to the Arrear charged upon

|j Blackwell, deceased, and to bear the like Arms which the Hundred of Ajlnvardhurn aforesaid, for the Year 1710,

i were borne by the said Jonathan Blackwell, was read a the Petitioners are informed, that Whittingham

I Second time. Esquire, the then Receiver of the Land Tax for that Part

j Rfohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bake- of the said County of Lincoln, died very rich; and that if

I Lx, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hale, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hardinge, any such Arrears are due and unpaid, the same ought to

I Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bouverie, Sir John Cufl, Mr. K have been discharged by his Executors; and that, upon the

I raft on, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Gray, Mr Rowney, Mr. Charlton, most diligent Inquiry, no otherTraces can befound of this

I Lord Barrington, Lord Dupplin, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, very antient Affair; and further setting forth. That by a-

I Mr. Whirhcot, Mr . Powney, Mr Ord, Sit John Turner, Clauleof Insuperin a Land Tax AdF, passed in the laftYear

I Mr. Affleck, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. of his late Majesty’s Reign, and continued in every other

I Ward. Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr Bacon, Mr. Gore, Land Tax AdF since that Time, the Petitioners thought

I Sir Robert Long, Mr Egerton, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Fo-themselves freed from any Demands of this Sort; and

I ley, Mr. Forrefler, Mjr. More, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Sir therefore have long ago fat down contented with the said

I Robert Ladbrooke, Mr. Willes, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Willy, Clause; but that, in the Year 1753, being alarmed by a

I Yol-. 27. Proie-

Stilli&gfaet

Inclosure.

Land Tax'

due from Lincolntfeigat

Swinron

with

Worming

Supply Bill; Malr, Arc.

9° — ro° Decembris. yj. 1754.

Prosecution from the Court of Exchequer, unless they did immediately pay the said Arrears, the Petitioners did apply to the Lords of the Trealuty, who ordered the said Prosecution against them for the said Arrears to be (lopped: And therefore praying the House to take the Cate of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they dp examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the i^id Petition:

And it is referred to Mr Mr. Vyuer, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Alderman. , IyOrd Dupplin, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. West, Mr. Wilkinson,‘Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Mr. junior, Mr. Fairfax, Mr Caky, Sir,

Mr. Amcotts, Mr. T.ownjhend, Mr. Hume, Sir 'Thomas

Bolinfon, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Handys, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hunt\ M:. Prowse, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gray, Sir Cor del F'irebrace, Mr. Hay, Mr. Cope> Mr. Champion, Mr. Fane-, Sit Francis Dashwood, Mr Powle Mr. More, Mr. Waide,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Watson, Mr. Sir John,

Lord’ Robert Bertie, Mr. Fazakerley,- Mr. Mr,

Lyjler, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Probyn, Sir Amine Mr. Barbor,

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. , Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sergeant, Mr. Keck, Mr. Ord, Mr. Mr.

%hornhagh, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Mr. Walpole: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Perfops, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields and certain Lands in the Half-year Closes belonging to the Manor of Swan, ton with Worthing, within the Parities

of Swanten, Motley, and Worthing, in the County of Norfolk’, and far extinguishing the several Rights of Cotnmon and Sheep-walk in and over the said.Fields and Half-year Closes, arid in and over certain Lands called the Brechs, lying within the said Manor and Parishesj was read a Second time.

Refolded, 'That the Bill be committed to Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Hobart, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Prowse, Mr. West, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Pitt, Sir Cor del Firebrace, L'rd Downe, ^lr. Colleton, Mr. Caky, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fairfax, Sir

Charles M or daunt, Mr. Fonerean, Mr. Mr. Gore,

Mr.Grenville, Mr Bedford, Mr. Mr More, Mr.

Watson, Mr. Hay, Mr. Leveson Gow Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lambe, M . Wilkinson, Colonel Bofcawcn,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wifey, Sir John Cust, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Chauncy Town, Mr. Felloives, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Greatheed, VIr. Ke, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Chetwynd,

Sir Wm. Middleton, Sir Conyers D’ Arcy, Mr. Torke, Earl of Upper OJJory, Mr. Martin, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Finch, Fix William Irby, Colonel Comvay, Mr. Burrell, Sir Warwick Banff vide, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Churchill, Admiral Bofcawcn, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. , Mr. Walpole,

Sir John Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Wilts:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1755, was committed, the Amendments wi.ion the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to rep rt to the H »ufej and he rod the Report in his P:ace'; and afterwards delivered the B:J, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Am moments wee once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one -, and, upon the.Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

18 - ’

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the T Toufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the wl.o e House, upon the Bill for pumihing Mutiny and Deie> ion, and for the bitter Payment of the Army and tin ir Quarters* Ordered, That the said Order be pullp^ned.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House reloived itself into a Committee of the who'e. House, upy.it the B ll to mdemn fy Members ot C01 portions, who have neglected to take the Oaths of Onice* and allowing them further Time for that Purpose.

Mr. Speaker fest the Chair.

Mr. Bouverie took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bouverie reported from the Committee, That they, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrowt Morning.

Ordered, That the postponed Order of the Day b* now read.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and

Mr. Saivyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The L°rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of, the Out Petitioners of the- Royal Hospital at Ckelfea, without any Amendment*.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

1 Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made tome Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have leave to fit again.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wuole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

ad then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marthx 1 o° dieDecembris;

Anno 28* Georgii Hd' Regis, 1754. r e r s.

A PETITION of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of Turk, through Glujburn, Elflack, Marton , Swto Long Preston, in the said West Riding of the County of York, and from Cross Hills in Glujburn aforesaid to Coin, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Roads, from the Narrownels thereof in many Places, and the Nature of the Soil, and the heavy Carriages that travel thereon, are become very ruinous, and are almost impassable for Carriages, and very dangerous for Travellers; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more elieftual repairing and widening the said Roads from Adaingham aforesaid, through Kildwick, to Long Preston aforesaid, and f om

Gross

Army;

Mutiny. a-.-l De£w lip*.

Oaths of Crfic* Indemnity.

.j Out Pensioners of C'hdfct.

Army* Mutiny and Dt fen ion.

Or ley* &c. Road#

>28 Geo. it.

to° — M° DeiemhriS.

Croft Hills aforesaid to Cold, in the County of Lancaster, and from Pighell Bridge in ‘Thornton -in Craven, in the said

West Riding, through KelbrOok, to Coin aforfesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred tofhd Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

49

The CoUn&l on- tfie7othfer'Side admitted that thtfflfid Person had riot a Right to vote at the said Election.

Then 'the Counsel for the' laid. Lord’WetifUan and Sit James Dafhwdod, *'and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy;

and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, exa-

Gentlemen, Clergy, Land-owners; and other Inhabitants; mined several Witnesses, in order to dist|Ualify Three other

Brinkman*!

Name.

Supply Bill $ Mali, &c.

of the West Riding of the County of and of the County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Frederick Cavendish, Lord George Cavendish, 'Mr. Thornh Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Amy and, Sit William Beauchamp Pro hi or. Sir John CreJJe, Colonel and all the

Members who lerve for the County of Nottingham, be added to the said Committee.

Mr. John Calvert presented to the House; according to Order, a Bill to enable Theodore Henry Brinkman, Esquire, to take and :isle the Surname of Broadhead, pursuant to the Will of Henry Broadhead, Esquire, tleceased; And the tfartie was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, TWt the Bill be read a Second time.

:~Ah ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1755, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title: be. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon'Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1755.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. .

Oaftts of Mr. Bouverie, according tb Order, reported from ‘the . Office Committee of the wheffo House, to whom the Bill to:in-IwieiDuity.. denmify Members of Corporat ibris, who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, and allowing them further Time .: for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rett were, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House :' And several Amendments, were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ln-' grOfled.

Persons who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Ed--ward Turner, as not having any EHates in the l&id

County:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed het withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Mattersfof the said several Petitions, and of the said double'Return, be adjourned till ThursHay Morning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crbwn do attend this House, Upon Thursday Morning next, with the double Return for the County of

' ‘And then the House adjourned till To-thorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. 1

Ottley,'

&c.

Roads,

Oxford

County

L'tukft).

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return fot the County of , and

of the said double Return.

And" the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Wenman and Sir James

Daftiwcod, Baronet, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, proceeded in their Evidence:

And they examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify 55 of the Persons who voted for the Lord Parker t and Sir Edward Turney, Baronet, at the said Election; feme as having received Bribes, some as not having Freeholds in the said County of the Value of Forty Shillings . per Annum, and others as being Leafehoiders.

And the said Counsel having called a Witness, in order . to difqu&lily another Person who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turneras not having any Estate at all in the said County j

Vol. 27.

MercuHiyi i° die Decembrir,

' Ando 28* Georgii IIdf Regis;

pRAYEfcs.

A PETITION of the Justices of the Peace,'den-tlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land lying dear and contiguous to the Road leading from the Town of Leeds, through Ottley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Burscough Bridge,’in Walton in the Dale, and from Burnley, to Mane lifer, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also near and contiguous to the Road leading from Addingham, through in the said West Riding, t aClitheroe, in the said County Palatine; and of the Merchants and Tradesmei) inhabiting and residing in that Part of the Country; was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the said ft acts,-from the Narrownels thereof in many Places, and the Nature of the Soil, and the Overflowing of the Walters,’ are become very ruinous, and are almost impafiable'for Wheel Carriages, and very dangerous for Travellers; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended; and . kept in Repair,1 by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill For the better and more effectual repairing and

widening of the said Roads, .

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred ter the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants; of the West Riding of the County of York, and of the County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to tItem, to the House.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of the Landholders of the Wapentakes of <)ue from Aftago, Wells, Gartree, Horncaflle Soak, and Wragga, in LincolnfliirV.

the Parts of Lindsey' and County of Lincoln; and alfa of the Landholders ofr the Hundred of Ashwardhurlt, in the same County, and Parts of Kef even, was referred. That the Committee had examined the'Matter of Fast contained in the said’Petition pand had directedhim to report a State thereof to the Hbtile jr and he read the Report ii) his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table;' Where the same was read; and is-as followed); viz. _, .

By a Process issued out of the Court of Exchequer, iri Hilary Term 175 JJ to the Sheriff of the County of Lincoln, and aReprelentation of the said Sheriff to the Commissioners of tire Treasury thereupon, and also the Report of the Commissioners of Taxes upon the said Representa--ti'on, it appears, that the said Sheriff'was directed by the said Court to distrain the Inhabitants of the Wapentakes or Hundreds of Aflago, Wraggo, W, and Gartree, and

O the

ijo I ia — s i 6 Decemrti*A. 1754.

the Soak of H'orttiaft/e In the Parts of for At*

rears of the Land Tax alleged to be due for the Year x 72y, amounting in the Whole to 1*411/. 175.9$*/.; and also to distrain the Inhabitants of the Hundred oiA/h-ioardhum for Arrears of the Land Tax alleged to be due for the Year 1710, amounting in the Whole to 14/. 95. o d., and that the said Sum of 1,411 /. 17 9$ d. was

regularly assessed upon the Inhabitants in the said Wapen-takes or Hundred, and the said Soak in and was

paid to John Manky, Esquire, the then Receiver General for the Parts of Lindsey, or his Deputy; and that the Commissioners of Taxes reported to the Commissioners of thp Treasury, that the said Inhabitants cannot be relieved but by Parliament; and did advise a Stay of Pro-eels against such Inhabitants, in order that they might have au Opportunity of making Application to Parliament for that Purpose.

And the said Sheriff, in the said Representation, set forth, That he had not had an Opportunity to inquire touching the said Arrearof 14/. 95. o and that as most of the Commissioners for levying the same are long Ttnee dead, and so great a Length ot Time elapsed, he did not think he should be able to get any satisfactory Account thereof.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Con* federation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1755, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Indruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the Relief prayed for by the said Petition.

Oaths of An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Members of Corpora -1 f >ons» who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office*

In emmry. ancj allowing them further Time for that Purpose, was - read the Third time.

Resolved, That the BiH do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Members of Cities, Corporations, and Borough 1 owns, who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, and to damp their Ad millions; and for allowing them further Time for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply. The Order of the Hay being read, for the House to resolve rtlelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

.Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-Land Tax. y0]ve jnf0 3 Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britfor the Service of the Year

17.SS; .

Ordered, That it be an Indruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Indruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1753, out of the Supplies granted for the Year *755' Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr; Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he wasdirested by the Committee to move, That they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

\v^n ’ The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Dn r ioA.

to consider further of the BiH for punirtnng Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Artny and their Quarters!

Ordered, That it be an Indruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to provide that all Officers and Soldiers of any Troops being mustered and in Pay, which are, or shall be, raised in any of the British Provinces in America, by Authority of the respective Governors or Governments thereof, shall* at all Times and in all Places, when they happen to join, or aft in Conjunction with, his Majesty’s British Forces, be liable to martial Law and Discipline, in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the British Forces are; and shall be subject to the same Trial, Penalties, and Punishments.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned rill To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

y<wisy 12° die;

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754.

Praters.

/ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Ye.'.r 1 755, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near, and travelling on, the several Roads therein alter-mentioned, lying in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Highways leading from a Place called Dock Pound, in the Parish of Stoke Damerell, in the County of Devon, near his Majesty’s Dock Yard at Plymou, through the Towtl of Plymouth, and through the Town, Village, or Hamlef, of Ridgway, in the Parish of Plym St. Mary, to a Place

called Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County; and from Dock Pound aforesaid to the Leat of Water running from Roborough down to,

lying near a Place called Mannadon Gate, in the Tything of Western Peverell, otherwise Penny Croft, in the Road

leading from Plymouth to Horra Bridge, in the said County; and from a Place called Passage, in the

Tything of East Stonehouse, in the said County, through the Town and Borough ot Plymouth aforesaid, to a Place called Horra Bridge, in the Parish of Bucklar.d Monacho-rum, in the said County; and from a Place called Ore-fton Passage, in the Parish of Charles, in the County, through the Town and Borough of Plymouth aforesaid, to a Place called The Common, in the Parish of Si. Budeau.r,

in

Supply Bitty Land Taju

Dock Pound, &c. Road*

Geo. II. — -I}4

in the said County, leading to Saltash afe, by

reason of the Narrownefe thereof in some Parts# and the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, become ruinous* and, in some Parts thereof, subject to be overflowed } so that Travellers cannot pals thereon without great banger; and alleging, that the said Roads castnot, by the Laws now in being, be repaired, and kept in Repair t And therefore praying, that a Bill may be brought in for widening and repairing the said Roads, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem pi operand reason4 able.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con4 fideraiion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Barrington, Mr. Elli'S, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Lovendt Lord Sir Robert

Long, Mr. Bacon, Mr. FiHowes, Mr. Lord

llillfboroagh.Sir Jorn GlynMr. Gore, Mr. Elliot, Mr.

Lyster, Mr. Prowse, Sir Fancis Poole, Mr,

Mr. Townftiend, Mr. Lee, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mr.

Wilkinfin. Mr Dicker, Mr Mr. Pozvney, Mr.

Villiers, Mr. Rice, Mr. Onjloiv, Mr. Gray, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Kynajloii, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hunter, Admiral Bcfcawen, Mr. Hume, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Bayntum, Sir Charles Mot daunt, Mr. Caley, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Aidworth, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Beck/ord, Sir John Philipps, Mr Tuck-field, Mr. Symmons, Mr. TAornhagh, Mr. Colleton, Mr, Shelley, Mr. Wkichcot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have

Rower to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunt, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Edwin, through Mr. Cocks, Mr. Champion, Mr. Mr.

Bury Mr. Richards, Mr. John Martin, Sir John Hinde

Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Salisbury, Mr Arundel, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads, from the Town of RomJ'ty, through Bury, and over Bury Bridge-, and through the tcveral Towns of War bays. Old , Saint Ives, Hilton, El tijley, by Warefily; and through the Towns of Gamblingay and Potton, to a House called The Spread Eagle in St ratten; within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford; is committed.

Bishopt A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Ekflion. ^e an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and 0 Elections, to whom it is referred to hear the Matter of the Petition of a Person styling himself Sir Robert de Cornwall, Baronet, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of BiJAops Castle, in the County of Salop, to inquire whether Robert Cornwall, Esquire, commonly called Sir Robert de Cornwall, was in due Form created, by his late Majesty King George the First a Baronet of Great Britain; and to make Report thereof, in the first place, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Otford The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the County Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an Kleftion. undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord and Sir

Da/hwood, Baronet, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of . who have

petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, proceeded in their Evidence:

And they examined several Witnesses in order to disqualify Four other Persons who voted for the Lord Parket

Vol. 27.

Deeembris. 5 t

And Sir Edzoard Turner, Baronet, afi not having any fiftates

iii the said County.

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence in order to disqualify 42other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker, and Sir Edward Turner, as being Copyholders of several Manors within the said County j And they having proposed to disqualify another Person,

Mho voted for the said. Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner as not being assessed to the Land Tax;

And the Assessments to the Land Tax for the Years 1^5* and 1753, charged Upon the Hundred of ton, in the said County, being produced;

ThS Counsel oh both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjputned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the beputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Tuesday Morning next, with the double Return for the County of Oxford,

And tlieh the Hotife adjourned till ^Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.j

—— .....- r — *' --....

Vtneris, 130 die Decembtis;

Anno a8a Georgii IP1 Regis, *754.

Pxaykk s.

AP E TITIO N of the poor Prilbriefs for bebt la Dthtor* his Majesty’s Gaol at Chelmsford, was pffe- P«uuon.

lented to the House, and read complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief,

Ordered, That the said Petition do iic upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply-.' relblve irself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s b!iip% for the Year 1755, to be referfed to the said Committee.

Then the House resolveditfeifintothe said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Char.ton took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House* That he was di reded by the Committee to move. That they may hate Leave to fit again.

Resolved,y\\zt this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order* reported from the Supply fetlt}, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Land Tax. granting an Aid to his Majesty bya Land Tax, tobe raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1755, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place,) and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendment-, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. I2, L. 11, being severally read a Second time, Were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment In Fo. si, L* 11, appointing Cpm-

mifiioheit

*53

I 3 — 1-4? 'Decemhfis,

A. 1754.

: "oners for executing the ‘A&Within England} Hrnles,jWKefe' the Amendments werd once'redd ' throughout;

and Berwick upon Tweed, being read a Second time^ and then a Second' time; bne lby ohe;’ arid' upon the Several Amendments were made by the House to the Question tevdrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

; raid Amendment. f.....; " ’; ’ 1 House.-1 ' '

And another Amendment wai proposed to be’ made , _ '*Ofd'erei,'That the Bill' frith the Aiiieridments,: be into the said Amendment, by leaving out of the Lift’ of ' jotted.

Commissioners therein contained for executing the Act within the Palaces of Whitehall and St. James’s,the Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom

Name of Edward Le Grand, Esquire. the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Field and

' And the Question being put, That the Name of Ed- Breeks in ’the Manor and Parish ' of Hranc/fter, in the 'ward Le Grand, Esquire, do stand in the Lift of Com- County of and for extinguishing the several

missioners for executing this Act within the Palaces of Rights of Common and Sheep-vvalk in and over the said

Whitehall and St. James’s 3 The House divided. The Ndes went forth.

Tellers for the Yett,[ ,

Tellers for«, Mw£-{j£ &h.Xe,

1

1

Ti-

ns.

Supply Bill; WJys and Means.

Army;

Field and Breeks, and in and over certain Half-year Closes and Pieces of Common lying in the said Manor and Parish; and for granting other Rights'of Common to the Owners of certain’ Dwelling-hOufes ini the Manor and Parlfli aforesaid; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found*the same to be true; and that all the Parties concerned had

So it passedMn the Negative.

Then Teyeral other . Amendments were made by the Committee, except Nine Persons, who were Owners of 'House tbf he Said Amendment made by the Committee to' Thirteen Dwelling-houses, and of about 118 Acres of the said Bill. ' ' ‘ Land’in the said Pafilh, and who,' having been applied

— -6Wtr>W, That the further Consideration of the said Re-' to, made hp Objection the Bill, but rctuU d to lign the port be adjourned dll Tomorrow Mornings ' fame; and except who is Owner of a

; V W- i ~ rJi ''n - l ' ' Dwelling-house,’and of 2 3 Acres of Land; in the said

The other Orders of the Day being read; and to whole Agent a printed Copy of the Bill

Resolved, That ;$ twsBouftwd I, bpon Wednesday Morn- - m been delivered, but Who Welt could not be found; tng next, resolve itlelt rito a Committee of the whole,.andr t a Minor, who is Owner

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing of on,y Jne Acfe of Land in the said Parish, and whole

- the Supply granted to his Majesty. ' 1 Guardian, having been applied to, made no Objection to

Ordered, That the Repbrt from the Committee of the’ the Bill, but refused to lign the fame; and except George Mutiny and-' WhoIeHouse, to whom the1 Bill for punishing Mutiny and - , who is only Owner of a Dwelling-houi’c in the said

Desertion. Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and Parish, and who had been applied tofor his Cdnferit, but their Quarters; was committed, be received To-diorrow has not given any Answer; and except Five other Per suns* Morning. who are Owners of FifteenDwelling: houses, and of about

Twenty-nine Acres of Land; and Three other Persons, And then tW House adjourned’ till Tomorrow who are only Owners of Four Dwelling-houses in the said

>. Parish, and who severally refused to Sign the Bid; and

that the whole Number of Dwelling-houses in the Said Parish is Ninety-feycn, And the whole Lands of the le-veral Proprietors consist of 2,356 Acres; and that none of the said Parties appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; With the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to make a

Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly;

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the

Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

° Sabbatiy l die Dicembrii;

Anno 28* Georgii IP1 Regis, -i 754. -

} ’ . ’' ' i ' r’ 1 ‘ 1 J

Prayers.

T H E rHouse, according to Order, resumed the fur- ther Consideration' of t he Report froni ’the Com-v mitteebf the whole House, to Whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year-1755, was committed; - -- - -; - '

_______..__________..._____ ..... ttee

And several other Amendments were made by the said Bill,‘being severally read a’ Second time, were, upon

the'Question severally put thereuponj agreed toby the House. ‘

Ordered, That the Bill, with' the Amendments," be ingrafted.

Mr. Fellowes reported from tire Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the

i House to the Amendment made by the Committee to the t laid Bill,{appointing CoimhiftidhCrs for1 executing the Act within England, Wales, and Berwick ttpon Tweed.

- . And’then the said Amendment, with the Amendments made thereto, - wavub°n *he Question put thereupon^ e agreed.ta.i?y the

The Residue of the Amendments, made by {he Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time,

-: were, Tipott the ~ l vs r fevrnf Amendments,

I House: And several Amendments wct6 made by the House to the Bill. ... I

-.. Ordered, That the Billr with the Amendments, t, r .,- - . - ,

frrofl-(i , ., . , the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone

. ‘ ’ ... 1. , . , . through the Bill, anjlmade several Amendments there-

Army;'.. Mr. West, according to Order,’ reported from the Com- unto; which they had directed him to report to the Mil’iny and-' mittee of the whole I louse, to whom the Bill for punishing House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-c eruon. antj Defection, and for the better Payment of the wards delivered the' Bill, with tire Amendments, in at the

Army and thcrrQua^ters, was fcpmmitted, flie'Amendments' Clerk’s Table.

which the Committee had made to the Bill; andwhicli Ordered, That* ’Kfr^ FeUewts have Leave to make a x" th'cy'had directed him 'to'report to.Ihe’JHbqfef and he. Motion: ,

re^d ^he Report jnJbs Place, and afterwards delivered ' And he moved the House accordingly:

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Fable; And the said Report was read.

r*~ ‘M 'And

’ Borobgli of Huntingdon^was committed. That the Com-the Amendments be mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found

Brancafler

incJoiure.

Ramrcy,

See.'

Road.

<j8 Geo. II. 140 — 16°

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments wen.- made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce,16° die Decembris;

Anno 28° Georgii H" Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

Snkey A PETITION of Charles Goore, James Crosbie, John Ash-rY ion, John Btackbournysvaox, and Richardwas Navigation. prefc.nted to the House, and read; alleging, That the River or Brook, called San/cey Brook, which runs into, and communicates with, the River Mbelow in the County of Lancaster, and within the Port of Liverpool, in the same County, bemgalreadynavigablefor Barges, Boats, Lighter.-, and other Vessels, up to Sankey Bridges, in the said County, is capable of being further navigable from thence up the said River or Brook, and the Three several Branches thereof, viz.to Stone Bridge, near

Saint Helen’s, on the South Branch, to Gerrard's Bridge on the middle Branch, and to Penny Bridge on the North Branch thereof; and that the making of the said River, and Branches thereof, navigable, would contribute greatly to the supplying of the Towns of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, and Northzvich, in the County of and Parts adjacent, with Coal for carrying on the Trade, Manufactories, and other necessary Occasions of the Inhabitants of the said Towns, and Parts adjacent, respectively; and Jetting forth. That the said Towns of Liverpool and Northwich have generally been supplied with Coal from the Coal Pits and Coal Works at and near Prefect and IVhi ft on, in the county of ; but

that such Coal hath of late Years become scarce and difficult to be got, and, as well from the advanced Price thereof at the Pits, as of the Rate of Carriage from the same, is become very dear, to the great Prejudice and Discouragement of the Trade and Manufactures in the said Places; and that the Petitioners are willing to undertake to make the said River or Brook, and the Three" Branches thereof, navigable within the Limits above-mentioned, at their own Expence, upon such Terms and Conditions, and for such Compensation, as shall bethought reasonable: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the same River or Brook, and the Three Branches thereof^ navigable, as aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers, Clauses, and Provisions, to be inserted in the said Bill, for compleating and maintaining the said intended Navigation, as to the House shall seem proper and requisite.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Hardman, Mr. Mr.

Saluflury, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Edward Nugent, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Calvert, Lord Strange, Mr. Barhor, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. More, Mr. Harris, Mr. Gray, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Webb, Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Stoper, Mr. Frankland, General Sinclair, Mr. Great heed, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Richards, Mr. 7Mr: Campbell, Mr. Onjlozv, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr; Berkeley, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Mr. Colebrooke,. Mr. Northey, ‘Mr. Dicker, Mr. Lloyd, Sir- John Phillips, Mr. Lee, Mr. Egerlon, Mr. Barrow, Sir Roger Nezidigate, Mr. Boone, Mr. Beckford, Sir Lu-VOL. 27.

Decembris. 53

dovick Grant, Mr. Thomas Gere, Mr. ITayes, Mr. Charlton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, WefimorlarJ, Cumberland, Durham, Northumberland, and York:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Killican’s

the Bill to enable Samuel Blackwell, heretofore called Sa- Na:ne. muel Killican, and his Heirs, to take and life the Surname

of Blackwell only, pursuant to the Will of Jonathan Black-

well, deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were borne by the said Jonathan Blackwell, was committed*

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Chudleigh and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the Town Br^|e' and Borough of Ashburton, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Highway from a Place called Chudleigh Bridge, in the.

Parish of Rennock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashburton aforesaid, to a Place called Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South in the.

said County, is become lb ruinous in the Winter Sealon, that the same cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be sufficiently repaired: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the (kid Highway.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ftiaH appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Harris,. Mr. Lee, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr Mr. 7

bot, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr.

Sloper, Mr. Compton, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Beckford, Sir Francis Poo, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Rill, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Cocks, Sir

lips, Lord Bateman, Mr. AJfleck, Mr. Air.

Martin, Mr. Alderman Bethell -, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornzva/l, Somerset, and '

Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power-to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThataSum, not exceedingOne hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Ramsey, from the High Bridge in the Town of in the County of Huntingdon, through King's Ripton, to the West End of Saint Peter's Lane, in the Parish of Saint John, within the Borough of Huntingdon, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 26. L. 34. To Leave out "Twenty-second,"and inlert " Twenty-eighth."

P And

54 i 6* Decembrh*, 1754.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land amended at the Table accordingly. Tax, to be raised in Britain, for the Service of the

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, Year 1755; and for Relief of the Inhabitants of certain An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Places in the County of Lincoln, in respect of Arrears of High Bridge in the Town of Ramsey, in the County of the Land Tax.

Huntingdon, through King's Ripton, to the West End of Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Saint Peter's Lane, in the Parish of Saint John, within Lords, and desire their Concurrence, the Borough of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Mr. Lane:

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1755, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the List of Commissioners for the County of to insert " John Page, of , Esquire

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Derby, to insert " Doctor Robert Taylor

In the List of Commissioners for the City and County of the City of Exeter, to insert " John Walter " Esquire:"

In the List of Commissioners for the Town of chester, to insert " William , Philip Haft, James Garland, Nathaniel Garland

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Gloucester, to insert " Henry Eckley

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Kent, to insert " William Wilkins, John Darby In the lift of Commissioners for the City of London, to insert " John Knight, Hollis Bull, Robert u ward Sadler

In the List of Commissioners for the City of fter, to insert " Thomas Heath:'

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Mid-dkfex, to insert " Robert Henley Ongley, Thomas Hill,

mas Brooks, Robert Cranmer, Jojfeph Nicholas, Tho-« mas Heath:"

In the List of Commissioners for the City and County of the City of Norwich, to insert " Hamb/eton Custance,

" Charles Weston, Isaac Ullington, Robert,

" James Barnham, William Greenaway, Joseph the elder, Joseph Hammont the younger, John u John Cooper, John Thompson, Samuel Harvey, Peter " Fromow, Robert Partridge, William Woolbright, James Wiggett, Francis Frank, Henry Britten, Joseph Hind-4‘ marsh, Mathew Go/s

In the List of Commissioners for the Town of Ludlow, to insert " William Boyd, Thomas Baugh, Rowland Baugh " Clerk, Jans Bretiell, Daniel Cunyng Robert Cunyng-

ham, Herbert Cole, Henry Davies the younger; William Fellowes, Thomas Flack, Francis Griffiths, Walter " Griffiths, Thomas Hill, Edward Herbert, Nicholas uHerbert Clerk, Rickard Hawkins, Robert Jones, John " Jones, Thomas Jones, James Edward Perks,

" Poole, Clerk:"

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Jet, to insert " William Hayman

After the List of Commissioners for the County of Stafford, to insert " for the Borough of Stafford, John Byrd

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Surrey, to insert " Samuel Calverley, Richard Ivatt In the List of Commissioners for the County of Warwick, to insert " Richard Jackson Clerk:"

In the List of Commissioners for the County of cester, to leave out " Broadhurst," and insert " Broadwas

In the List of Commissioners for the County of Jea, to insert " Sir John Wynn Baronet, John Evans Esquire."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act: Mello’s,

for naturalizing Arnold Mello and John Siviccard Heinzei- &c. mann, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- Brancafler mon Field and Breeks in the Manor and Parish of Bran- inclosure* caster, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and Sheep-walk in and over the said Field and Breeks, and in and over certain Half-year Clofcs and Pieces of Common lying in the said Manor and Parish; and for granting other Rights of Common to the Owners of certain Dwelling-houses in the Manor and Pari Hi aforesaid; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. a. L. ult.,) To leave out " all of Brancaster afore*

Pr. 3. L. 1. f. said."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Field and Breeks in the Manor and Parish of Brancaster, in the County of Norfolk;and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and Sheep-walk over the said Fields and Breeks, and over certain Half-year Closes and Pieces of Common in the said Manor and Parish; and for granting another Right of Common to the Owners of certain Dwelling-houses in the Manor and Parish aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made* That the ingrossed Bill for pu- Army} nishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment. of the Army and their Quarters, be now read the Third time;

A Petition of William Bollan Esquire, Agent for his Majesty’s Province of the Massachusett's Bay, in America, relating to a Clause in the said ingrossed Bill, was offered to be presented to the House.

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said ingrossed Bill was read the Third time:

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the poor unhappy Prisoners confined for Debtors Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol in the City of was fentioa

presented to the House, and read; complaining of their

Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enable Theodore Henry Brinkman Esquire, to Brinkman’* take and ute the Surname of Broadhead, pursuant to the Name. Will of Henry Broadhead Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandysy Mr Mr.

1 ,

28 Geo. II 16° — 17 55

V. t

Gibbon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Townshend, Lord Dtipplin, Mr. may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said

Grove, Mr. Nichoifon Calvert, Mr. Htiyes, Mr. Fell owes. Road, and keeping the same in Repair, or to grant the

Mr. Dicker, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Berke Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises, as to the

ley, Mr. Core, Mr. Baron, Sir Francis Poole, Colonel House shall seem meet.

Cornwallis, Sir John Cnft, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Aldworth, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Mr. IVtiles. Colonel Haldane, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lewis, ^deration of a Committee: And that they do examine Mr. Richards, Mr. Med'icott, Mr. Lade, Mr. Beckford, the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- Mr. Onslow, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Phipear to them, to the House. lips, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. And it is referred to Sir John Glynn, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Amyand, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Northey, Sir Mr. Coke, Mr. , Sir John Phillipps, Conyers D’ Arcv, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Nezm- Mr. Lyjfter, Mr. More, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hay, Mr. ham, Mr. Dalfton, Mr. LeveJ'onGower, Sir William Cod- Prowje, Mr. Gore, Mr. Boone, Mr. Gray, Mr. Colleton,

rington, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Prowje.;and all the Mr. Calvert, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Keck,

Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Mr. Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Caley,

Ejferf, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this After- Mr. Northey, Mr. , Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Bertie, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Sir Cordel

Mr. Moore, Mr. , Mr. Hayes, Mr. Lifter, Mr.

Cmmktee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Dawkins, Mr. Whitmore, Mr, Mr. Har-

ftwiLees. tions be adjourned. dinge, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Howard, Mr. Mr. , Mr. Potter,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mom- Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Mr. Shelley-, and all

ing. Nine of the Clock. the Members who ltrvefor the Counties of Chef ter, Lancaster, and And they are to meet this Afternoon

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And

Martis 17 °die Decembris have Power to fend for Personr, Papers, and Records.

Anno 28° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1754.

Prayers.

ltoterts A PETITION of WenmanCoke, heretofore called Wen-

Name. /Y man Roberts, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That late o

ford, otherwise Longford, in the County of Derby, Baronet, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, devised his Estates in the Counties of Derby, , and Suffolk,

or elsewhere in the Kingdom of Great Britain, with the Appurtenances, to take after several other Uses and Estates, which are all determined, to the Petitioner, and his Heirs Male, upon this express Condition, that the Petitioner, and the respective Heirs Male of his Body, when they should respectively come into Possession of the Premise?, should take upon him and themselves the Surname of Coke, and not any other Surname; and should, in all Deeds and Writings, Letters, and other Instruments, be stiled and called by the Surname of Coke only, and set and subscribe his and their Surnames, respectively, Coke, to all and every such Deeds, Writings, Letters, and Instruments; and that the Petitioner is now in Post'ession of the said Estates, and has taken upon him the Surname of Coke only; and is also desirous to bear the Arms of the said Sir Edward Coke; and that the same may be established

by Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bringin a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and his Ilfue Male, to take the Surname of Coke only, pursuant to the Directions of the said Will, and that the Petitioner, and his Issue Male, may bear the Arms of the said Sir Edward Coke.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Philipjon, Earl Verney, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the the fame.

Bittton A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, to and other Inhabitants, redding in or near the Road lead-,ngfr°m Brett on, in the County of Flint, to the End of Handbridge, in the County of the City of C/tefter, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Road is, in the Winter Season, by reason of the Tides and fresh Waters flowing over the fame, become very dangerous, and often impafikble for Carriages; and that, by reason the said Road is over a common Salt Marlb, and great Part of the Soil thereof waste and common Ground, and only an Horse Pavement liable to be repaired by the Parishes through which the said Road leads, the same cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordU nary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave

Vol. 27.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Aiello’s Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, *c* An Act for naturalizing Arnold Mello and John at’

Heinzdmann.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 5. After " Suabiainfert " and Ba-

" nal Son of Peter Banal by Elizabeth his Wife, born at " Geneva

L. 17. Leave outu and 1"

L. 18. After "Heinzelmann," insert<c arid James " Banal."

L. 29. Leave out the first " and, " and aftfcr " Heinzelmann, " insert " and James Banal:"

Pr. 2. L. 19. Leave out " and, " and after "

" mam, *’ insert " and James Ban

L. 28. Leave out " and, ’’and after "

" mann," insert " and James Banal:"

In the Title, leave out " and, " and after " -

" mann," insert " and James Banal."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Setond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, that Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord(lrips.

A Petition of the Merchants, Proprietors of Salt Works, Sugar-bakers, Glass-makers, DistilIers, Beer-brewers, Malt-fters, and other Tradesmen and Inhabitants, in and near the Borough and Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are several Coal Mines, or Coal Works, near the higher Part of Sankey River, or Brook, and the Three Branches thereof running into the fame,-which lie verycommodiously for supplying the Petitioners with Coal at a less Expence, and with more Certainty, than they are now supplied from and in

the said County, if the said River, and Three Branches thereof, were made navigable from the River be-

low Warrington, up to Broadmaiis Stone Bridge, near Saint Helen's, on the South Branch, to Gerrard’s Bridge on the middle Branch, and to Penny Bridge on the North Branch, respectively; and alleging, that the effecting of the said Navigation, and making and establishing a Provision for ascertaining and regulating the due Measur of Coal thereby conveyed and fold within the Borough and Town of Liverpool, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions therein, would tend greatly to the Eafeand Convenience of the Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough, and the Support and Encou-'

ragemanf

Lankty

Brook

HavigitiuttV

5 6 17° Decembris. . 1754.

ragement of the Trade and Commerce thereof, and the . Improvement of Trade and Navigation: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said River or Book, called , and

she Laid Three Branches thereof navigable within the Limits above-mentioned; and for ascertaining and regulating the Measure of Coal borne and navigated upon the fame, and fold within the said Borough, as aforesaid. Sankey A Petition of the Proprietors of Salt Works at and Brook near Northvick and Winsne$r the River Wever, in aviation. fjjC County Palatine of was also presented to the House, and read j alleging, That the Petitioners might be supplied with Coal at a less Expence, and with more Certainty, from the Coal Mines near the higher Parts 6f San-key River or Brook, and the Three Branches thereof, in the County of Lancaster, than they are at present, if the said River or Brook, and the Three Branches thereof, were made navigable from the River Mersey, below Warrington, up to Broadman's Stone Bridge, near Saint Helen’s, on the . South Branch , to Gerrard's Bridge on the middle Branch,

a 11 ip Penny Bridge on the North Branch thereof, respectively; and that the effecting of the said Navigation would tend greatly to the Benefit and Convenience of the Petitioners, and the Improvement of the Trade and Navigation ol this Kingdom: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said River or Brook, called Sankey , and the said Three Branches thereof, navigable with in the Limits above-mentioned.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the.Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Charles Goore, James Crosbie, John jljhton, John junior, and Rickard

Trafford, is referred: And they are to examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Stevenage Mr. Hale reported from the Committee, to whom the ,0 Bill to continue and render more effectual Two Acts of ^1^oads'<k Parliament, passed in the 6th and mtli Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County at Bedford-, and also for repairing the Road from the North End of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Acts, through the Town of Bigglefu.:ade, to the Toll-gate situateat the North End of the said Town of Biggleswade, belonging to the Turnpike Road from Biggleswade to Bugden, in the County of Huntingdon; and also the Road from the North End of the said Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts, through Crab Lane, to the aforesaid Toll-gate; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one jand, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

with" Mr- lownjhendreported from the Committee, to whom

Worthing the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields and Inclosure. certain Lands in the Half-year Closes belonging to the Manor of Swanton with . within the Parishes of

Swanton, Morley, and Wor thing, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and Sheep Walk in and over the said Fields and Half-year Closes, and in and over certa n Lands called lying within the said Manor and Parishes; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the 17

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Thomas Nash and Mary his Wife, who are possessed ol about Fourteen Acres of Land in the said common Fields, for her Life only, and who being applied to, refused to lign the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and thena. Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fcve-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of Mary Mcyfer and Sarah Spinsters,

and William Strickland Esquire, and Diana his W ife, Impropriators of the Rectory and Tythes of in

the County of York, by and under a Freehold Ltafe for Three Lives from the Dean and Chapter of York, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, to confirm and establish an Agreement fordividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and Greens, in the Lordship of Stillingfieet, in the County of York; and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Impropriators of the Rectory, and to the Vicar of Stillingfieet aforesaid, in lieu of -the great and small Tythes belonging to the said Rectory and Vicarage; and setting forth. That the Petitioners (who, as Impropriators of the said Rectory and Tythes, are considerally interested in the common Fields and Lands by the Bill intended to be divided and inclosed) are not Parties to the Articles of Agreement recited in the Bill, which were obtained principally by the Procurement of Eaton Main-warring ^//cr/terE!quire, in the Bill named (who is the Petitioner’s Sub-lefl’eeof the said Rectory and Tythes for a Term of Years), without the Concurrence or Consent of the said Petitioners; and alleging, that the said Bill, if gaffed into a Law in its present Form, will be greatly injurious to the Interest of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass, or that such Regard may be had to, and Provision made therein for, the Interest of the Petitioners in the Premises, as to the House shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard.by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

An ingTolled Bill to enable heretofore

called Samuel KiUican, and his Heirs, to take and use the Sufname of Blackwell only, pursuant to the Will of Jonathan Blackwell, deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were borne by the said Jonathan Blackwell, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An A<fl to enable Samuel Blackwell, heretofore called Samuel Rillican, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Blackwell only, pursuant to the Will of JonathanBlack-well, deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were borne by the said Jonathan Blackwell.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County oiOxford,&n<l of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood Baronet, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford (w ho have

peti-

Srlillnrfi-et

1ncioi ure.

Killiran’j

Name.

Oxford

County

Election.

Roberts*!

Name.

onmouth

loa ds.

28 Geo. II. ' 17" — 180

petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County), proceeded in their Evidence.

And they examined a Witness, in order to disqualify one other Person who voted for the Lord Parker and Sir Eduard ’Turner Baronet, as being a Leaseholder.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disquality Five other Persons who voted for the said Lord Parker arjd Sir Edward Turner, as not having Freeholds

in the said County of the Value of 40 per Annum.

They aKo examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to prove that the Estate for which one oilier Person, who voted fir the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, claimed to vote, lies in the County of Bucks.

And they' having referred to a Member of the Hourc, to inform the House of what he knew concerning the Situation of the Parish wherein the said Estate of the said Pe rton is ftuate;

The hid Member did, in his Place, acquaint the House-with what he knew concerning that Neuter.

Then the said Counsel examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Twemv-one other Person?, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward;

foroe as not having Freeholds in the said County, of the Value ot 40^. per Annum, and ethers as being Lease-hokkrs.

They also examined a Witness, in order to disqualify one other Person who voted for the said Sir Edward Turner, as being a Leaf-holder.

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify Thirty-seven other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner; feme as being Leaseholders, others as not having Freeholds in the said County of the Vahse of 40 per Annum; others as not having any Freeholds at all in the said County, and others as being Copyholders.

And then the Counlcl on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petition1;, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tkurjdtty Morning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Thurj'day Morning next, with the double Return for the County of Oxford.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1 8° die Decembris;

Anno 28® Georgii II’" Regis, 1754. Praters:

MR. Philipfonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to enable Penman Coke, heretofore called (Penman Roberts, Esquire, and his Issue Male, to

take the Surname of Coke only, pursuant to the Direction

of the Will of Sir Edward Coke Baronet, deceased; and that the said (Penman Coke, and his Issue Male, may bear the Arms of the said Sir Edward And the fame

was received; and read the Fi rft time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Ttwn and Borough of , in the County

ot Monmouth, under their common Seal, and of 1 lie le-

vefal Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, whole Namesare thereuntofubferibed, and residing in or near the several Roads following; that is to say, the Road leading from Mvnnozu the said Town of

Micnriov.th, by Redbrocke, to High hi endow in

the Pari fit of Staunton, in the County of being

Part of the Road from Monmouth to the City of Giott-erfter; the Road leading from in Monmouth

' Vgl. 27.

Decembris. 57

aforef:ucl to Hadnock, in the said County of Monmouth, being another Part of the Road from Monmouth to Clou* ccfier; the Road leading from Monnow Bridge aforesaid to the further End of the Parish of Ganyrew, on the Hoad from Monmouth to Ross, in the County of Hereford; the Road leading from Monnow Bridge aforesaid to rheSmith’s Shop at the Bottom of Llanilawdy Hi:/,in the Road from Monmouth to the City of Hereford; the Road leading from Monnow Bridge aforesaid to the Village of Rock fie Id, and from thence to a Place called the Omen, in the Parish of Limitilio Crejjenny, on the Road from Monmouth to Abergavenny, in the said County of Monmouth, the Road leading from the Pound in Rcckfield aforesaid, by a Place called Naiity Kyrne, to a Place called PenyrHeol, and from thence to the Trave/ier's Seat, and the lower Cross Way, in in the said County of Monmouth; the Road leading from Monnow Bridge aforesaid, to Dingeflow Bridge, and from thence to the Village of Rag/an and Fr eg arcs Church, in, the said County of Monmouth; the Road leading from the Stone Bridge in the Parish of Mitchell Troy, to a Place called the Four Ashes, on the Road from Monmouth to Ujk, in the said County of Monmouth; and the Road leading from Monnow Bridge aforesaid, by the Town of Fuelled:, to the Cross Way at the Foot ot Lanijlin Common, on the Road from Monmouth to Newport and Chcpjiow in the said County of Monmouth; was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Roads, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and many heavy C r-riages passing and repaflii g through the fame, are, in tile Winter Sea’on very ruinous, and dangerous to Travellers, and, in several Pans thereof, very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House (ha)l seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Phillipps, Lord Verney, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lee, Mr. Lyjler, Mr Go dolphin, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mor~ daunt. Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Gore, Mr. Foley, Mr.

H ay. Mr. Barthes, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Mr.

Egerlon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Sandy s, Mr. (Pilkinson, Sir Cordcl Sir Francis

Poole, Mr. Affleck, Mr. TncMr. Pel'owes, Mr. Colleton, Mr. ThiftUthwayte, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Coke, Mr. Symmons, Mr. Kent, Mr. Courtenay, Sir

Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Lift Mr. Morgan, Colonel

Mojiyn, Mr. Drake, Mr. Pr Sir Armine Mr. Swymmer, Lord Harley, Mr. Gorges, Lord Gage, Mr. Rafleleigh, Mr. Mack-worth, Mr. Barlow, Sir

lough by AJI on, Mr. Pye, Mr. Air. Harley, Mr.

Pozvney, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Mr.

sted, Mr. Corn etc all, Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Edzvin and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Monmouth, Hereford, Gloucester, and South (Vales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Accoun' of all and Lift Linens

exported from that Part of Great ailed to

the British Colonies and Plantations in America, from

Christmas 1740, to Christmas 17 5 q; distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Linens.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do Jay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of foreign raw; Linen Yarn, and fprucc or Yarn, imported

into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1748, to Christmas 1753; distinguishing each Year, the Places from whence imported, and the Duties paid thereon.

Q Ordered,

Accounts respecting the Linen Trade.

18® Decembris 1754.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called from

Christmas 1748, to Chrifima 1753; distinguishing each Tear, and the Species of such Linen.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Brit (/It and Irish Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called England to the British Colonies and Plantations in America, tram Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1753; distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Linens.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all foreign Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, to the British Colonic* and Plantations in America, from mas 1742, to Christmas 17 5 7; distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Linens, with the Drawbacks paid thereon.

Stevenage ingrossed Bill to continue and render more effectual

Biggl'-f.vade Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the 6th and 12th JLada. Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to in the County of

Bedford; and also for repairing the Road from the North End of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Acts, through the Town of Biggleswade, to the Toll Gate situate at the North End of the said Town of Biggleswade, belonging to the Turnpike Road from Biggleswade to Bugden, in the County of Huntingdon and also the Road from the North End of the said Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts, through Crab Lane, to the aforesaid Toll Gate; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz,

Pr. 7. L. 38. After "applied," to insert " any Law " or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be. An Act to continue and render more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the 6th and 12th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Biggleswade, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Hoads from the North End of the said Roads to the Toll Gate at the North End of the said Town of wade.

Ordered, That Mr. Hale do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and define their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Suppfv Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Muir, &c. for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five, without any Amendment: And aPo,

Oath?of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Oilke (0 indemnify Members of Cities, Corporations, and Bo-n emmty. r()|,g|) TownSj who have neglected to take the Oaths of Office, and to (lamp their Admissions, and for allowing them further Time for those Purposes, without any Amendment: And also,

Grrat The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ITarborough for dividing and inclosing the Common Field, common Inclosure. pjftune^cojnnjon Meadows, common Ground-, and waltc Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Great Harborough, in the County of Warwickr, without any Amendment.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Swanton An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the com-with nun Fields and certain Lands in the Half-year Cloles be-Indofur"? longing to the Manor of with , within

ii

the Parishes of Swanton, Morley, and Worthing, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and Sheep-walk in and over the said Fields and Half-year Cloles, and in and over certain Lands called the Breaks, lying within the said Manor and Parishes; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the P>ill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields and certain Lands lying dispersed in the Half-year Closes belonging to the Manor of Swantonwish Worthing, within the Parishes of Swanton, Morley, and ft or thing, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and Sheep-walk over the said Fields and Half-year Closes, and over certain Lands called the Breeks, lying within the said Manor and Parishes.

Ordered, That Sir Armine Wddehoudo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, in pursuance of an Address to his Majesty,

Estimate for purchasing Land, and erecting a Powder Mngazin* Magazine, for Land and Sea Service, at near the

River Thames, in Essex-, together with Barracks, Guard Br ee‘ House, and all other necessary Conveniencies, to answer the Purposes of t h e pre! e n t Po w b e r M aga z i ne a t Green wich.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Namesare thereunto Henley subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the l3f^d"e’ Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Br, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the

Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, was presented to the House, and re td; setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls were granted for repairing and widening the said Roads, which were to have Continuance from the First Day of May 1736, for the Term of Twenty-one Years; and that, at the time of passing the fri 'Act, the said Roads were in a very ruinous Condition, and the Petitioners borrowed several Sums of Money; which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly ' applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and alleging, that the Money now remaining duecannot bere-paid, and all Parts of the said Roads be sufficiently amended and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged, and the Act made more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr.

Mr. More ton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Onglcy, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Godolph Mr Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr; Pye, Mr.

More, S\rCordet Fire brace, Mr. Gray, Mr. A'br//.vv, Mr.

Mr. Egerton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Freeman, Sir John Mr. Beckford, Lord Barrington, Mr. Starkey, Mr West-phaling, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Mr. Fre-

derick, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bankes, Mr. , Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Wi/les, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, and Bucks And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to (end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Jonathan Bush of Bur cot, in the County of Oxford, Eftjuire, On e of the Mortgagees of the severalTolls

granted

Frefton’s

Name.

18° Decmbris. §9

And then the Meffngers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

28 Geo. II.

granted by an Act, passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to D Bridge, and from thence to Bridge, and to a

Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading from Magdalen Bridge, in the said County, was prefen ted to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as are mentioned in the last preceding Petition, and letting forth, That the Petitioner is a Mortgagee upon the Credit oi the Tolls to be raised on the said Road, for the several principal Sums of Six hundred and Four hundred Pounds; and that there is now due to the Petitioner the Sum of One thousand and Nineteen Pounds: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes mentioned in the preceding Petition; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Frefton Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of To

which the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Supply; Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. West presented to the House, pursuant to their Sorplufli*. Address to his Majesty,

Surplusses dated the 5th of April 1754, Lady-day: And also,

Surplusses stated the 10th of October 1754, Mi* chaelmas-day.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session j and the Abstracts thereof are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Three Way* Weeks, the 10th Day of January next, resolve itfelfinto Meaoi. a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Vol. 27.

abstract

abstrac1

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund -

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half-year ended the £th Day of April I 754 \ viz. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio (1). Surplus of the South Sea Company's Fimd, broughtfrorn Account, Folio(2.) Surplus of the General Fund, brought frona Account, Folio (3).

o

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

rT

To Monies brought to Account the 5th Day of April 1754. pursuant to the Act passed the 250 Georgii z*', for consolidaling the Funds;

The Duty of6 d.Ounce on wrought Plate, granted Act 6° Georgii i"‘, for the Service of the Year 1720 -The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4*

Georgii2'", for the Service of the Year 1731 Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines and strong Waters, granted per Acts 16°, 17°, and 24*, Georgii 2" Thelikeof theadditional Duty on Winesimported, granted per Act 18* Georgii z6\ for the Service of the Year 1745 The like of the Duties upon Glass and spirituous Liquors, granted per Act 190 Georgii a1", for the Service of the Year 1746

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per Act 20° Georgii a1", for the Service of the Year 1747 -

The Duties on Coaches, granted per Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for Service of the said Year -

the Subsidyon Goods and Merchandize imported, granted

£ 2,721 s. 14 d. 8i

12,932 6 3

76,288 11 8*

22,525 5 6 J

37.7^ 2 4

53.634 19 3*

1 *>749 11 3

127,786 9 2

OT

H

fO

o

H

r of the said SurpIufTes, stated the

5th of Apri 1754.

Dr.

Per Contra

o\

o

33^745 . 6 66,820 18 246,082 8

d.

Sc

1

2i

694,648 12 8i

By the Chief C.ifhier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day bf January 1754, being after the Rate of 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of 9,137,8.1. 5 s.i j J.subscribed to the Joint Stock of per Cent, transferable Annui-

ties at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act passed the 25* Georgii a4', Page 587, for consolidating the Funds -

By the G >v*rnor and Company of the Bank- of England, on £.4,450. 1 os. per Annum, for i iait a Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same rune, pursuant to the said Act, PJ'ge59r, in that beh tlf By the Ch ef Cashierof me Governor and Company of the Bank of England for Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th Day of April 17 54, being after the Rate of £. 3. \ os. per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of 17,71)1,325. 165’. 4d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of 3 £ per Cent, transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the said Act, Page 587 -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on 9,884 — 1 d. per Annunty for Haifa Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 600, in that behalf - - w

By Haifa Year’s Annuity due the 5th Day of January 1754, being after the Rate of 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum ot 2,100,000 lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 17 51, pursuant to the Act 24 z6'. Page 39, in

that behalf -

£ S.

i37>°67 6

2,225 5

3°9>773 3

4.942 —

31,500 —

By the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Haifa Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the feme time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that behalf -By Cash taken in full Discharge of the Sum of 1,400,000, for cancelling Exchequer BiJls, authorized to be made forth pursuant to the Act 25* Georgii ad, in that behalf -

By Calli taken to answer Interest at 3 per to the 4th February

1754, on the said Exchequer Bills -

By the Ulhcr of the Exchequer for Necessaries delivered to the Exchequer Bill Office ——

To D* for Necessar ies fumi filed the Office for paying Annuities, 1736 49*1738 By Cash taken in Part of £. 700,000, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1754, pursuant to the Act 27* Georgii z4'. Page 216, in that behalf

590 12

403,321 12 8,100 9

6 15

124 8

142,3*6 19

This being the Sixty-third Half-yearly Account made up pursuant to the Act 9® Georgii ira'. Page 367, is humbly preIfnted, this 18th Day of December 1754, by me J. West.

1»039.998 12

J.

4*

4

-i

6

n|

6

if

3k

10

180 Decembris. . 1754.

ABSTRACT of the fa icj

£ The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund ----- Dr.

-S To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half-year ended^he 10th Day of October 1754;

o

cq'

N

CD

Q.

O’

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio (1).-Surplus of the South Sea Company’s Fund, brought from Account, Folio(2). Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio (3).

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1754,/ifr Act 27* 222.

To replace to thisFund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 12 Jh. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, on the 10th Day of October 1753 - -

To Monies brought to Account the 1 oth Day of October 1754, pursuant to the passed the 2 Georgii 2*, for consolidating the Funds;

The Duty of 6 d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted £. s. d.

per Act 6° Georgiiiml, for the Service of the Year 1720 3,752 10 11

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act

40 Georgii2dl, for the Service of the Year 1731 - - 15,223 17 —

Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines and strong

Waters, granted perAdts 16% 17% and 240 120,166 19 5

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, granted per Act 18° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the

Year 1745.....30,238 n 6

The like of the Duties upon Glass and spirituous Liquors, granted per Act 19° Georgii z*'t for the Service of the Year 1746 ----- 30,800 17 8

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows,

►5) and Lights, granted per Act 20® Georgii 2di, for the

Service of the Year 1747 ----- 53,940 j 6

The like of the Duties on Coaches, granted Act 20°

Georgii 2di, (or Service of the said Year - - - 30,872 8 9.J

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandize imported, granted per Act 21® Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1748.....12-4*55 7 10

To the Surplus of the Duty of 12 Jh. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Act 10° Georgii z1'1, for Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account, pursuant to the Act 270 a'1. Page 217 ——

500,281 2

28,609 3

279>759 14

808,650 —

6,792 15

409,532 16

5>519 —

O

,*L

1,230,494 13

This being the Sixty-Lunh Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the /edl 9* Georgii 1

Surpluses, statffcl flic loth of* October I 754*

d.

6}

10

11

io£

9i

Per Contra — - -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of,

for Half a Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day of July 17 54, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of 9,137,821. 5*.

1 j d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of/]. 3 per Cent, transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act passed the 250 Georgii ad), Page 587, for consolidating the Funds -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on/]. 4*450 . for. per Annum, for half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities f-t the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 591, in that behalf - ... -

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the teth of 1754, being after the

Rate of/. 3. for. per Cent, per Ann. on the principal Sum of 17,701,323. l6r. 4 d.subscribed to the Joint Stocks of/'. 3 \ per Cent, transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the said Act, Page 587 By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England on jf.9,884 — id. per Annum, for Half aYear’sAilowance for Charges of Management of the said

Annuities, furthe same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 600,in that behalf By Haifa Year’s Annuity.due the 5th Day of July 1754, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of/]. 2.100,000, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 24° Georgii <", Page 39, in that behalf ——

By the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Haifa Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of thele Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that behalf -By Calli taken to discharge all Interest, at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the Re-liduc of £. 1,400,000, in Exchequer Bills, made forth Anno 1752, and charged upon this Fund -

By the Ulher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries delivered irfto the Exchequer Bill Office ——

By D°, for Necessaries furnished the Office for paying Annuities 1736 By Cash taken in full of £. 700,000 for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1754, pursuant to the Act, 270 Georgii zd>. Page a 16, in that behalf -

By Cash taken to answer Interest at £. 3 Cent, per Annum, to the 10th of October 17 54, on ,£.499,600, in Exchequer Bits, made forth and charged upon the Duty of 12 Jh.per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted for the Service of the Year 1737* pursuant to the Act 27° Georgii a1". Page 217,10 that behalf-By Calli taken pursuant to the said Act towards cancelling and discharging the said principal Sum of/]. 499,600, in Exchequer Bills -

- Cr.

£. d.

137,067 6 4

2,2*5 5

3°9>773 3 4

4,942-----

31,500-----

590 12 6

778 10 4

5 10

S8 *7 7

557,^53 —

10,573 7 10

175,326 19 11

1,230,494 13 7

OS

nS, Page 367, is humbly presented, this 18 th Day of December 1754, by me, J.lVeJl.

a8 Geo. II. 18° Decembris.

18® — 190 Decembris.

A- 1754.

OrderciftkAl the said Surplusses clo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec* tions be adjourned.

PiSvilegei.

And then the Hdufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Jovis, 190 J

Anno 28* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1754.

P11A Y E R I.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill j The Lords have agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act Land Ta*. for gtahting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five; and for the Relief of the Inhabitants of certain Places in the County of £/ coin, in retpeft of Arrears of the Land Tax; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mwtayand ^or Pun>shing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Defection. Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment: And also,

« , The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act i,c, for repairing and widening the Road from the High Bridge

Road. in the Town of Ramsey, in the County of Huntingdon,

through King's Ripton, to the West End of Saint Peter's Lane, in the Parish of Saint John, within the Borough of Huntingdon, without any Amendment: And also, t The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for na-N«tfi finalizing Frederick Nujfe: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of , in the room

of the right honourable Harry Esquire, commonly called Lord Harry Powlet, now Duke of Called up to the House of Peers;

Chudleigh Mr. Harris of Ashburton, reported from the Corrrmit-Bridgt> tee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Road Freeholders) and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near

the Town and Borough of , in the County of

Devon, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Dunning, being examined, said, That he knows the Road from Chudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of Hennoch, ifi the County of Devon, through the Borough of Ashburton, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County of Devon; and that the same is very rough in several Places, very narrow, and much out of Repair; and that it cannot be sufficiently repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Solomon Earle confirmed, the above Evidence In every Particular.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fat repairing and widening the Road from Chudleigh in

the Parish of Hennock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashburton, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County: And that Mr. Harris of Ashburton, Mr. John Walter, and Sir John

Elmell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of the several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Farmers, and Traders, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near, and travelling on, the Road between the Towns of Leeds and Wakefield, in the Cotinty of York, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth; That the High Road leading between the laic! Towns of Leeds and Wakefield, from the many heavy Carriages daily passing

thereon, the Nature of the Soil, and the Narrowness of the Pafi'age in several Parts thereof, is; in the Winter and rainy Seatons, become dangerous for Travellers, and impassable for Wheel Carriages: And therefore, as the said Road cannot be repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law* praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and repairing the said Road, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem proper and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and teport the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hdufe:

And it is referred to Lord Dtju-ne, Mr. Cray, Mr. Gore, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Eire ell, Mr. Harris, Mr. Torke, Mr. Chester, Lord VerMr. More, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Thijl/ethwaite, Mr. j Mr. Mr.

Med/ycott, Mr. Lewis, Sir Brett, Mr. Gy bbon,

Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Onslow, Mr. General

Sir John Phillipps, Mr; HardingMr. Mr.

Salisbury, Mr . Vernon, Mr. Bohun; and all the Mem-

bers who serve lor the Counties of Durham, -umberland, Cumberland, Westm, and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Andrew Burnaby Clerk, one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, and Vicar of Knighton near Leicester, in the County of and ol several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying in the com neon Fields and Cow Pasture in Knighton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners lie dispersed over the said Fields and Cow Pasture, in final 1 Parcels, and are thereby incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners have entered into Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the said common Fields and Ccw Pasture; but that the said Articles cannot be established; without the Aid of Parliament; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing and confirming the said Articles, in such manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-fiiant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Grey and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare And bring in, tire fame.

A MelFage from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: __

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately', in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker* with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Aifent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five; and for the Relief of certain Places in the County of Lincoln, in respect of Arrears of the Land Tax: '

An Act for ctShtinuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt', Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for

ti}9

Leech to Wakefield Road.

Knighton

InUolute.

Royal Aifent

to LilL.

a8 Geo. II. 19 Decemb63

the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act to indemnify Members of Cities, Corporations* and Borough Towns, who have negiefted to take the Oaths of Office, and to stamp their rUlmissions, and for allowing them further Time for those Purposes:

An Act for the Relief of the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from thfe High Bridge in the Town of in the County of

Huntingdon, through King's Rip ton, to the Well End of St. Peter's Lane, in the Parish of St. Jtohn, within the Borough of Huntingdon:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Great harkorough, in the County of Warwick An Act for naturalizing Arnold Mello, John Swiccard Heinzelmann, and James Banal.

Dr.Fritnd Ordered, That the ReVerend Doctor William Friend He 10 *£ °n to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's,

January. Westminster, Upon Thursday the 301b Day of January next: And that Mr. Ellis, Mr. George Onslow, and Mr* Shelley, do acquaint him therewith.

Brettonto Sir John Glynn reported from the Committee, to whom

hand Bridge the Petition of the Gent emen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, refid:ng in or near the Road leading from Bretton, in the County of to the End

Bridge in the County of the City of Chester, whole Names tre there-under subscrib'ed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in lib Place; and afterwards delivered it in af the Clerk’s Table: WherO the same was read; and is as foil weth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Bydall being examined, said, That the said Road is the Poll Road leading from the City of Chester to Holyhead; and, in Winter, is frequently overflowed both by Tides and Freshes; so that the same is very dangerous, and frequently impassable for Carriages: That the said Read is over a common Salt Marsh, and only a Horle Pavement liable to be repaired by the respective Parishes through which the said Road leads; 16 that the same cannot be amended, unless some Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bil! for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Bretton, in the County of Flint, to the End of Hand Bridge, in the County of the City of Chester: And that Sir John Glynn, Mr. Eger ton, and Mr. Grofv error, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

ifyoniment. Resolvetd, That this House will, at the Riling of the

House this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Fortnight, the 7th Day of January next.

Wareham

Election.

The House being informed, That Henry DfaX and Thomas Erie Drax Esquires, who are returned in the double Return for the Borough of in the County of Dorset, and petitioned, complaining of the said double Return, and of the Election for the said Borough, desire to withdraw their Petition, and not to contend for an Election and Return for the said Borough, upon the said double Return:

And the House being also informed. That John Pilf and William Augufius Pill Elquites, who are also returned in the said double Return, and petitioned, complaining of the said double Return, and of the Election lor the said Borough, desire to withdraw their Petition, and not to contend for an Eie&ion and Return for the said Borough, upon the said Double Return;

And the House being also informed, That Thomas Vol. 27,

Buxton Gentleman, Klayor of the borough of IFare ham', in the County of Dorset, and the several Persone having a Right of voting in the Election erf Members to letve in Parliament for the said borough, whose Names are lub-, feribed to a Petition presented to this House, in behalf of themlelve? and the rest of the Eledors, complaining of an undue Retuth for the said Borough, desire to withdraw their said Petition}

Ordered, That the Deputy Ckrk of the Crown doj immediately, attend this House* with the double Rettirii for the said Borough.

And he attended accordingly:

And the said double Return being read;

Ordered, That the said Henry Drax, and Thomas Erie Drax Esquires, be at Liberty to withdraw their laid Petition.

Ordered, That the said John Pill and William Pitt Esquires, be at Liberty to withdraw their laid Petition;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Buxton Gentleman* Mayor of the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset^ and the several Persons having a Right of voting in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament For the said Borough, whose Names are subscribed to a Petition presented to this House, in behalf of them lelves and! the rest of the Electors, be at Liberty to withdraw theif laid Petition.

Resolved, That the late Electioft of Burgesses to lerre iflt this present Parliament for the Borough of tVarehaiti, irt the County of Dorset, was a void Election.

Ordered, That i he Committee of Privil ges and Elections bedischarged from proceeding upon the Matters of the said Petitions and double Return.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the Eletting of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset; in the room of Henry Drax and Thomas Erie Drax Esquires, and of John Pitt and William Esquires, whose Election for the said Borough hatn been declared void.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of and of the said double Return.

And the Cotinfel Were called in.

And the Counselfor the Lord , and Sir Jainet

Dashwood Baronet, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue E:edion and double Return for the said County, proceeded in their Evidence.

And they examined several Witnesses;in order tbdif-qualiiy Four other Persons, who voted for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner Baronet, as being Copyholders.

They also examined a Witness, in order to prove that one ether Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, came into Possession of the Freeholds for which he claimed to vote, after the Poll for the said Election began.

They also examined several Witnessbs, in order to disquality Four other Persons, who voted for the said Lortf Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as not having Freeholds in the said County of the Value of 40 s. per Annum.

And they having examined a Witness, in order to disqualify Charles Dent, who voted lor the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as not having a Freehold in thff Slid County of the Value of 40 s. per Annum;

And the Probate of the Will of Richard Dent, being-produced, in order to prove to whom, and subject to' what Charges, Part of the Estate claimed by the said' Charles Drent was devised:

And a Witness having been Examined, in order to prove that another Person is in Possession of Part of the said Estate;

And the said Witness being withdrawn jilt

Oxfortf

.Countjf

Election.

64 19° Decemlris. — 70 Januarii. A. 1755.

Jt was proposed that the said Probate should be read.

And a Doubt thereupon arising, whether the Probate of a Will, disposing of Lands, could be admitted in Evidence;

The Count'd on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the Journal of the House of the 17th Day of January 1744, in rdation to the Evidence admitted to be read in Support of the Objection made to the Qualification of the Sitting Member for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, was read:

And the Journal of the House of the 17th Day of April 17:5, in relation to the Evidence admitted to be read in Support of the Objection made to the Qualification of the Sitting Member for the Borough of IV in the County of Bucks, was also read.

And the Counsel on both Sides were again called in.

And the said Probate, in which Three Persons are named as Witnesses to the said Will of Richard , was read.

And a Witness was examined in further Support of the Objection to the Vote of the said Charles Dent.

The same Witness was also examined, in order to disqualify one other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40;. per Annum.

And the Counsel for the said Lord fVenman and Sir

James Dashwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, having proposed to proceed to disqualify several Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward , Us not being act’efled to the Land Tax:

And having dated the Nature of the Evidence, which they intended to produce in Support of their Objections to the Votes of the said Persons;

Part of an Act, made in the 18th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights of the Shire

# «-> D

to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, was read.

And the said Counsel examined a Witness, in order to disqualify Two other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, in Pofledlon of the Freeholds for which they claimed to vote at the said Election:

And a Witness having been examined in relation to (he Assessments to the Land Tax for the Years 1752 and 1753, charged upon the Hundred of in the

laid County, and delivered into the House upon last:

And the hid Witness being withdrawn;

Another Witness was examined, in order to prove that one other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, and who claimed to vote for a Freehold in the said Hundred of , is not named in

either of the said Assessments.

And Part of the said Assessments being read;

The laid Witness was further examined in relation thereto.

And being withdrawn;

The said Counsel examined a Witness in order to prove that Twelve other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, and who claimed to vote for Freeholds in the said Hundred of Chadlington, are not named in either of the said Assessments.

They also examined a Witness, in order to prove that Two other Persons, who voted for the said Lord and Sir Edward Turner, and who claimed to vote for

Freeholds in the said Hundred, are not named in the said Assessment for the Year 1753:

And they having proposed to disqualify one other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, and whole Name appears in both the said Assessments;

They examined a Witness, in order to prove that the said Person has no Estate in the said County, except a Cottage House at Chi/fon.

And the said Counsel having proposed to disqualify several other Persont-., who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir EdzvardTurner, and who claimed to vote for

Freeholds in the Hundred of Bampton, in the said County:

And the AUeffments to the Land Tax for the Years 1752 and 1753, charged upon the said Hundred, being produced;

And a Witness having been examined in relation to the said AiT'ell'ments:

And being withdrawn;

The said Counsel examined a Witness, in order to prove that Five of the said Persons were r.ot ali'clled in the Tear »752-

And they having proposed to disqualify one other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Turner, as not being assessed to the Land Tax for the Freehold for which he claimed to vote at the said Election;

The last mentioned Assessments were also brought up to the Table, and read:

And a Witness was examined in relation to the said Person.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till this Day Three Weeks.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon this Day Three Weeks, with the double Return for the County of Oxford.

And then the House adjourned till the 7th

Day of January next. Nine of the Ciock in the Morning.

Martis, 70 die "Januarii;

Anno 28° G corgii IP* Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

/~)RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cambridge ' the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for Town Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parka-

0^0 I

mentfor the rIovvn or Cambridge, in the County or Cambridge t in the room of the honourable Thomas Bromley Esquire, now Lord Mont fort, called up to the FJouie of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Uvhfield

Clerk of the Crown to make out a new \\ r t, for the Writ-

Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Litchfield, in the room of the right honourable Granville Leveson Gozver Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Trent Asm, now Lari Gozver, called up to the House of Peers.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Paddies of St. Radcliffe

George, Saint John flapping. Saint Paul $ ha dwelly Saint Ferry to Dm fan Stepney, and Saint Ann, and of the Harriets of ^oUiCrhltl*‘ Ratcliff and Poplar, and B/acfcwa/l, in the County of Midd/esex, and of Rotherhithe, in the County of Sur-rcy> and Deptford, in the Counties of Surrey and K,ntf whose Names are thereunto lubfcished, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Places, was presented to the House, and read; alleging.

That if Provlion were made by Parliament for establish-. ing and maintaining a Ferry for the Conveyance of Persons, Cattle, and Carriages acroi's the Hiver Thames9 between the Hamlet of R ate life and Rotherhithe aforesaid, and also for opening, and keeping in Kcpair, new and convenient Hoads and Avenues to and from the said Ferry, it would be of gre^t Utility and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the iaid several Places, and the Public:

And therefore yrai ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor the Pi.rpu.es aforesaid.

Ordered\

Toller

Lane,

Arc.

Xoad.

Brown’s

Lane,

Ac.

Roads.

a8 Geo. II. 70 Janua 65

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. , Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Barrow, Lord Detune, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Mr. Prowje, Mr. Moore, Mr. Sir Thomas Hales,

Mr. Willey, Mr. Edgcimbe, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Edward Elliot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. FellColonel Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gore, Mr. George Cotebrooke, Mr. Harris, Mr. Tonge, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Mr.

Lytle!:on, Mr. Sandy st Mr. Onjlcw, Mr. Hay, Mr. Webb, Mr. Tonereau, Mr. More, Lord Digby Mr. Shelley, Mr.

Pye, Mr. George Brudendl, Mr. Mr. Lajcelles,

Mr. Let, Mr. Marion-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Surrey, Kent, Ejjx, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Towns of Leeds, Halifax, Bradford, Haworth, and Stanbury, in

the County of York, and Coin, in the County of Lan-casier, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Places, whole Names are subscribed, was. presented to the House, and read4; setting forth. That the Road leading from the West End of Toiler Lane, near Bradford, over Chelly Height and Cul-lingworth Moor, through Haworth and Stanbury, to a Place called Two Laws, and fa by Bridge to a

Place called Blue Bell, near the said Town of Coin, and the Road branching from the Place called Two Laws to Kighley (where the Roads from Bradford and Kighley to, tire laic! Town of Coin unite), are in a very ruinous Condition, and, in same Places., very narrow and incommodious, and almost iropaffable for Wheel Carriages, and very dangerous for Travellers; and is incapable of being efferftually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for widening futh Roads, where necessary, upon a proper Compensation being made to the Owners of Land to be laid into the fame: and also for amending and keeping the same in effectual Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Downe, Mr. Nugent, Lord Digby, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Sir Robert

Htldyard, Sir John Cust, Lord Carpenter, Sir Henry Er/kine, Mr. Watson, Hr. Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Cooke, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hay, Mr-. Hunt, Mr. Affleck, Lord Hobart, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Brudenel, Mr. Phillipfcn, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Oiijlow, Mr. Maxwell, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Egerton, Mr. West, Mr. Lambe, Mr. , Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Lewis; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West mor land, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

1

A Petition of several Gontlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, and Northampton, and likewise of sundry of the principal Inhabitants and Tradeltnen of the Towns of St. Nest’s, Kimbo/ton, Higham Ferrers-, and Wellingborough, in the nid Counties of Huntingdon and Northampton, was pre-ler.ted to the Hoyfe, and read; alleging, That the Roads leading to the Town of St. Neat's, in the County of Huntingdon, from the North End of Brown's Lane, on Great Xtcughtcn Common, in tire Parish of Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon aforesaid*. to Kimbo/ton, and

through the several Parishes of Kimbohcn, Til brook. Lower Dean, Shelton, Hargrave, Sand cum Caldcrcott, to Higham Ferrers-, and through the Pnnfhes

of Higham Ferrers, RujhJcn, and Irchester, to the It ay Poftin Irchester Field, near to the South End of H ciling-borough Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and tire Road leading from the common Pound in tire Par.fli of Kimbo/ton aforesaid to the Way Post in Great Field, near Bringlon Bridge, in the County of through the Parishes ot Kimbo/ton, and Great

Calworth-,are by ihe Narrowneis thereof in some Places, very inconvenient, and, on account of many heavy Carriages passing thereon, are, in many Pans thereof, become lb deep and founderous, that they cannot be pair: by Travellers in Winter, without great Difficulty and Danger; and that the said Roads cannot be diffidently repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a «11 lor widening and repairing the said Roads in tuch Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as :t shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Cust, Mr. Archer, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Downe, Mr.

Kynaston, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Mr. Gray, Mr.

Hammond, Mr. Cooke, Sir Willoughby Mr. Moore,

Mr. Locke, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Egerton,' Mr. Mr. Affleck, Mr. Phillipson, Sir John Gordon, Mr.

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lord

Digby, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. Harris -, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Bedford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Personsj Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable WenmanCoke, heretofore called Wer.man Roberts, Esquire, and h:s Issue Male, to take the Surname of Coke only, pursuant to the Direction of the Will of Sir Edward Coke Baronet, deceased; and that the said Wenman Coke, and his issue Male, may bear the Arms of the said Sir Edward Coke-, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Mr. Gybbon, Lord MiddletoMr. Gray, Sir Piercy

Brett, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Saluh Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mr. Mydde.U

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Drux, Mr. Sandys Mr. Sir'

John Cust, 'Mr. Affleck, Sir Mr Mr.

Hay, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Willy, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Kynaston. Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Harris, Air. , Sm Brands Poole, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir George Lee, Colonel Bojcawen, Mr. Lee, Mr. OMr. OJivald, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Shelley, Sir John Peachey, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Butler, Sir John;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Viscount Middleton be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Chudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of Hennock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashburton, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South , in the said County.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiff, and Burgcfle?, of the Borough of Piympton Earle, in the County of Devon. and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, redding in and near the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented to the House lor a Biii for repairing and widening several Roads, from I he Town of

Robs’-t?/

N:rr.e.

Chualeigli

Bridge,

See.

Road.

Dock Pound, & c. l\oa<J.

66

Plymouth to Brent Bridge, in the said County, through the Town, Village, or Hamlet, of , in the said

Rond; and alleging, that the Town of is a

Market Town; and that the Port Road from Plymouth to Brent Bridge goes through the said Town and that the said Pod Road is more convenient for the Country, and the Trade thereof, and for Travellers thereon, and may be much easier, and at less Expence, repaired, than through the said Town, Village, or Hamlet, of Ridgway: And therefore praying, That the said Road may be repaired, and carried through the said Town of Plmpton to Brent Bridge :i tore fa Id.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 8° Januarii;

Anno 28" Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755.

PRAYERS.

Nuflen’j \ N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act: Nat. _t\ for naturalizing Frederick Nufen, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lyddell’i A Petition of Richard Lyddell was presented to the tiaiiaft House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioner hath in-acunes. vcntc(j a new jjort of Machines, or Vessels, for the Removal of Earth, Ballad, Sand, or any other kind of Matter, from any Port, River, Harbour, Creek, or Inlett; and that the said Invention will be of great Advantage to the Nation in general; and setting forth. That his Majesty, by Letters Patent, dated the 12th Day of April 1752, hath granted to the Petitioner the foleUfe and Ex-CFcife of the said Invention within that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick trpon Tweed, for the Term of Fourteen Years j and as the Petitioner hath employed a great deal of Time, and been at great Charges in trying Experiments, and in ' bringing the said Invention to Perfection; expressing the Hope of the Petitioner, that the said Term of Fourteen Years, granted to the Petitioner by the said Letters Patent, will not be deemed asufficient Recompence for the Loss of Time and Money the Petitioner has fudained, and mud fudain, in prosecuting this Invention, so as to render the same extensively uteful to the Nation . And therefore, as the Petitioner cannot obtain a longer Time for the lole Use of the fame, otherwise than by the Aid of Parliament, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a

A 1755*

Bill for enlarging the Term granted to the Petitioner by the said Letters Patent, or to g ant him l'uch other Encouragement as to the 1 Joufe I nail Item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; ai.d report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. CMr. Sirniys, Mr. Potter, Mr. Gylbon, Sir John PhilMr. C'sir It on, Mr.

Lyjler, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Mr.

Hume Campbell, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. 7

i Ajrd Advocate of Scotland, Mr. . Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Coke, Mr. Probyn, Sir William Tenge, Mr. Moore, Mr. Kent, Mr. Gore, Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr. Northcy, Mr. Oswald, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Egmonf, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Phil/ipMr. Montagu, Mr.

Hunter, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Mr. Onslow, Mr. Shellcy, Mr. More, Mr. Kynaft Lord Mr.

Thornhagh, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Mr. Pelham; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members who serve for the Sea Port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

A Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge theraof, for the Year 1755: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1755.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced; and unto the superannuated Gontlemen of the Four Tro. ps of Horse Guards; for the Year 1755: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of 1716; with

an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1755.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Estimates were read.

Th£ said Lifts and Estimates are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1755, is as followsth j

70 — 8a J.

ESTIMATE of the Charga of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1755.

Per Diem. For 365 Days.

8,422 Out Pensioners, Handing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, £. s. d. £

at 5 d. per Diem each - -- ITS 9 2 64,042 5 10

100 Letter-men, at 12 d. per Diem each ----- 1,825

31 Serjeants, at <)d. per Diem each - 3 3 424 6 3

From which deduct, 181 12 s 66,291 12 1

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1755- 6,500

Remains tote granted upon account for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital. \

for the Year 1755 - &' 59,791 12 1

War-Office,

Bth January 1755. H, Fox.

Ordered,

Reduced

Officers,

&c-

28 Geo. II.

8° — 90 J

6?

Ordered \That the said Lifts and Estimatesdo lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

ChxheHa Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Wtlt- Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the Ejecting of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chichester, in the County of in the room of the right honorable George Keppel Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Bury, now Earl of Albemarle, called Op to the House of Peers.

Sir John Cufl reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Roads. Town of Ramsey, through Bury, and over Bury Bridge , and through the several Towns of War boys. Old Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltijlcy, by Waresley, and through the Towns of Gamblingay and Potton, to a House called the Spread Eagle in Stratton; within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftenvards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest weFe, with an Amendment to OfTe of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be rc-committed, with respect to such Amendments.

Ordered, That the Bill be recommitted to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

IV.

The Order of the Day being read;

Refo/ved, That this Ho.use will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Lymington Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this preferrt Parliament for the Borough of Lymington, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the right honourable Sir Charles PocvlettKnight of the moil honourable Order of the Bath, commonly called Marquis of who, since his

Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of his Majesty’s Three Chritern Hundreds of Stoke, Defoorough, and in the County of Buckingham.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 90 Januarii;

Anno 28° Georgii 11" Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

Toller rp H E Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to

t^ne, whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the

Road. Towns of Leeds, Halifax, Bradford, Haworth, Kigh/ey, and Stanbury, in the County of York, and Coin, in the County of Lancatdei, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Places, whole Names are subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vise,

V«l. 27.

To prove the Al’egations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Oddy and Mr. H illiam Leach severally laid. That the Roads mentioned in the Petition are in a very ruinous Condition, and in some Places, not only very narrow, but are impassable for Wheel Carriages: That if Provision was made for amending and widening the fame, it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of that Part of the Country, as it would open a Communication with the several Places mentioned in the Petition; but that the same cannot be eft«.<ftual'y repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill fer amending and widening the Road from the West End of Poller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Coir, in the County o f Lancaster and from a Place called the Pwo Laws to Kighley, in the said County of Turk: And that the Lord Downe and Sir do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Cust reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Ramsey, through Bury, and over Bury;

and through the several Towns of Old Hurst,

Saint Ives, Hilton, Etijley by , and through tha

Towns of Gamblingay and Potton, to a House called the

Spread Eagle in Stratton; within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford-, was re-env.minted. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, made to the said Bill by the Committee, to whom the tame was re-committed, were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Frefion Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body,

to take and use the Surname and Arms of Scrivener, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Affleck, L rcl Mr.

Prowse, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mr.

Bacon, Lord Verney, Mr. CartwrigMr Mr. Onslow, Mr. DashwoodKing, Sit John , Mr.

Mr. Sattdys, Mr. Synsmons, Mr. jl Mr. Arche,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Charlton, Mr Hill, i\ir. Duff, Mr. Lxf-ter, Mr. Balhurst, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mr. Pal-

mer, Mr. Pye, Mr. Samuel Marlin, Mr. Drake, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Sort hey, Mr. Lewis; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Nut folk r And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of,

and of the said double Return.

1

And the Counsel were called in.

And some Members, who had not been sworn at the Table, coming into the House;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the said Members having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and lub-feribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Counsel were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord IVenman and Sir James Dashwood Baronet, and for the Genthmen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, wh . h.\e petitioned this House, complaining ot an undue Election and double Return for the said County, examined a Witness.

Ramsey;

rlirongh

Bury,

Road.

Fivft m’s

Name.

Oxford

County

Election.

68 p° — io 0 Januar . 1755,

ness, and produced Evidence, in order lo disqualify One other Person who voted for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner Baronet, as being a Leaseholder.

They alf) examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Fourteen other Persons who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner-, Thirteen as being Leaseholders, and the other as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 per And they having examined a Witness, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turneras being a Copyhold Tenant of the Manor of WvoJstock, within the said County;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the same Witness was further examined, in relation to the Customs of the several Villages within the said Manor.

And several other Witnesses were also examined, in relation to the Tenure by which Lands and Estates within the said Manor are bolden.

And the Counsel for the said Lord and Sir

James Dashzvood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and

other Freeholders, of the County of , also examined ' several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Forty-one other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as being Copyholders.

And they having examined a Witness, in order to disqualify John Higgins, who voted for the said Lord Parker, ard Sir Edward Turner, as not having any Lit ate within the said County;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counsel for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Da/hwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, proposingto produce the Will of Joseph Judge, as introduftory to the proving of the said John Higgins not being in Possession of the said Estate:

And John Steuart having produced a Paper as the original Will of the said Joseph Judge, which he the said John Steuart said he brought from tire Regiilcr Office in Oxford, of which Office the said Steuart is Deputy Register;

And being withdrawn;

The said Will, to which are subscribeJ the Names of Three Persons as Witnesses thereto, was read.

And the same Wirnefi, who had before been examined, in order to disqualify the said John Higgins, was again called in, and examined in relation to the Pollession of the said Estate, for which the said John Higgins claimed to vote.

The same Witness was also examined, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as being a Copyholder. And the said Witness being withdrawn;

The Counsel for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Da/hwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, examined several other Witnesses, in order to disqualify Two other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as not having Freeholds in the said County of the Value of 40 s.per Annum.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Qutflion being proposed, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till.Tuesday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Quef-t:on, by leaving out the Word " Tuesday," and inferring " Saturday," indeed thereof.

And the Question being pur, That the Word " Tuesday' flan! Part of the Question;

It pallid ;n the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Satur-‘ day" bo inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of

7 _ O

the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Saturday Morning next, with the double Return for the County of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 1 o’ d;

Anno 28* Georgii II" Regis, 1755.

Praters.

PETITION of the Provost, Bailies, and Dean of Guild, of the City of G/afgozv, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, a Duty of Two Ponies Seats, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, w:s granted to the said City upon each Pint of Ale and Beer to be brewed in, brought, vended, tapped, or fold, within the said City, and other Places therein mentioned, fur the Term of Sixteen Years; which Duty was continued by another Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Third Year of the Reign of Queen for the further Term of Sixteen Y'ears, to commence from the Expiration of the former Act; and by another Act of Parliament of Great Britain, in the First Y car of his late Majesty’s Reign, was continued till the First Day of November 1738; and, by another Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his p; c-sent Majesty, w»' further continued for Twenty-five Years, from the First Day of November 1738; and was likewise extended to all Ale and Beer brewed, brought in, vended, tapped, or foid, within the Villages of and Port Glrfgow, and Privileges thereof, respectively; and further setting forth, That several Methods have been found to evade the Payment of the said Duty; so that the 3'early Produce thereof, together with the ordinary Revenue of the City, falls short of the annual Expence necessary for supporting the Government, anc! maintaining the public Works thereof; and the Magistrates have been obliged to borrow large Sums of Money, and their public Debt amounts to more at present than it did at the time of passing the lad Act for continuing the said Duty: And therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for continuing and making more effectual the said Act of the Ninth Year of his present Majesty‘s Reign, for such Term, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Elliot, Sir John Mr. West, Mr. Olmitu, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Potter,. Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr.

Egertoh, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. L Mr. Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Ongky, Mr. Lowndes, Sir William Beauchamp Prottor, Sir Lionel Mr. Cooke, M r.

Bathurst, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fellowes, S.r John Gift, Mr. Probyn, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Mr. Phillipfen, Mr. Cavort, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr.

Sandy's, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Palmer, Sir Act on,

iYlr. Ord, General Sinclair, Mr. Fonester, Mr. Pelham \

and all the Members who lerve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend foi Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Owners of Lands, lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Twelve Mdo

G la fiour Two Panics Scots.

Smcrt,

vV-.

lU.d*-

-8 Geo. II. i o° JanuariL 6g

Stone, in the Town of Sutton, in the County of Surrey, to and through the Borough of Restate, in the said County, by Si Mow Mill, in the Parish of to

Crof:,in the Parish of Ckin the said County; and also from Sutton aforesaid, through Che am, and over Boivcl! Hitt to Ezv el!,in the County aforesaid; and of other Persons inhabiting near, and frequently travelling, the said Roads 5 was piclented to the House, and read; felting forth. That the said Roads are, in many Parts thereof, in a ruinous Condition, and in several other Parts thereof, to very narrow and deep, as to render the PafT-age on the same dangerous and incommodious: And therefore, in regard the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course ot Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lx tier, Mr. Mr. Chariton, Mr.

M r.Cartwright, Mr. Gray, Sir Cor del Sir Ni-

cholas Bay ley, Mr, Chetwynd, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Cole-brook e, Mr. Gybben, Mr. IVebb, Mr. Potier, Mr. John Harvey, Mr. Alderman Mr. Sandys, Mr. Har-

itinge, Mr. Walter, Mr. Gore, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Richards, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hay, Lord Roxflcn, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Ongley, Mr. , Mr. Probyn, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. She!Icy, Mr. Pelham, Sir George Lee, Dr. Hay, Mr. Fe/towes, Mr. Hu>tt, Mr. Adore, Sir Grant, Mr. Roivney, Mr. Mr. Lade, Sir Lionel

Pi/kington, Mr. Calvert, Sir John and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And hav? Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wm'e’j A Petition of William Lowndes Stone, and Catharine Name, hi; Wife, heretofore called Lowndes the younger,

Esquire, was pretented to the iloufe, and read; letting forth, That Francis Love, late of Baldwin in

the County of Oxford, E.q’orc, Jvcea.ed, by his last Will and Testament, deviled his Estate in the County of Oxford unto his Daughter the Petitioner, Catharine Lowndes for Life; Remainder to the Find and other Sons of the said Petitioner, in Tail Male; Remainder to his other Daughter Ann Potter, the Wife of Thomas Potter Esquire,

for her Life; Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Ann Potter, in Tail Male; Remainder to the First and other Daughters of the said Petitioner, in Tail; Remainder to the First and other Daughters of the said Ann Potter, in Tail;Rcmainderin Fee to the right Heirs of the said Francis Lowe-, and that the said Francis Lowe, by his said Will, did require, that the Person and Persons, so inti t led to the Freehold and Inheritance of his said Estate, and the Husband and Husbands of such Person and Persons, so soon as he or they should come into Possession of the said Effate, should immediately take upon him or her the Surname of Stone, and procure an Act of Parliament to continue the said Premises in the said Name and Family of Stone; and that the Petitioners are in Possession of the said Estates, and have taken upon themselves the Name of Stone, and are desirous that the same may be continued in them and their Family, pursuant to the Directions of the said Will; and that they may be at Liberty to bear the Arms of the Family of Stone: And therelore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the' Petitioners, and such other Person and Persons as shall be intitled tot he Freehold and Inheritance of the said frire Estate, to take and use the Surname of Slone, and to bear the Arms of the said Family.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr;

Vol. 27.

Lowndes and Mr. Alderman Baker do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Freeholders and other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands and Right of Common in and on the open Fields, Raftures, and commonable Land, of and in the Lorcfthip of in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the said common Fields, Pa (lures, and commonable Land, contain together 1553 Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, that the dividing and ir.c ofing of the said common FitUis, Raft u re sand common-able Land, would be very beneficial to the Parties concerned; and that the Petitioners are desirous to divide and inclote the fame, and to have each Proprietor’s Share and Proportion thereof allotted to him in Severalty; but that notwithstanding such Division and Inclosure will tend to the public Good, as well as to the mutual Advantage of all Persons concerned therein, yet the same cannot be made dFebhial without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, Pallures, and commonable Land aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ord and Sir George Lee do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order, made by the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon Monday the Second Day of December last, for hearing, upon Monday next, the Matter, of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Wednesday the 22d Day of this instant January.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Moors, and Greens, in the Lordship of in the County of 7'ork, and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Impropriators of the Rectory, and to the Vicar of Stilling-fleet aforesaid, in lieu of the great and small Tythes belonging to the RcCtory and Vicarage, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Mary and

Sarah Moyfer, Spinsters, and William Strickland Esquire, and Diana his Wife, Impropriators of the ReCfory and Tythes of Stilling fleet, in the County of by and under a Freehold Lease for Three Lives, from the Dean and Chapter of York, was referred; That no Person appeared before the Committee, on behalf of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Sa-tisfaCfion of tire Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one>and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Petition'of several Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint Ann, and of the Hamlet of Poplar and in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Places, \vas presented. to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition depending before the House, fora Bill to establish and maintain a Ferry across the River Thames, between Rat cliffe, in the County of Middlesex, and Roin the County of

T Surrey;

Nanburri*

holme

Inclosure*

Reading

Elc&ion,

Stillingfleet

luclosure.

Ratcliffs

Fcirv

to

Rotlierhitlie*

Binbury,

See.

Road*

io° — n° Januarii. A. 1755.

Surrey; and for other Purposes; and alleging, that if Provision was likewise made for extending the said Ferry to land and take up Passengers at or near Duke Shore, in the Pari 111 of Sa :nt Ana aforesaid, the same would be of great Benefit and Advantage: And therefore praying, That such Provision may be made accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition offe-▼eral Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint George, Saint John flapping. Saint Paul ShadSaint Dimjian Stepney, and Saint Ann, and of the Hamlets of Rate life and

Poplar, and Blackwa'l, in the County of Middlesex, and

of Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and Deptford, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Places, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and other principal Inhabitants, of the City of Coventry, the Mayor, Corporation, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing on or near the Road leading from the City of Coventry, through the Town of Southam in the County of Warwick, to the said Borough of Banbury; and of the to put in Exe-

cution an Act, paised in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, an Act to continue and render more eflfedtualTwo Aits of Parliament, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other paised in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurchto the Bottom of Meredin Hill, in

the County of Warwick; and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Meredin Hillaforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from the Borough of Banbury, and from thence to and through the Town of Southam, to the Turnpike Road leading from Dunchurch to the City of Coventry, to a certain Place called Finford Bridge, commonly known by the name of in the County of Warwick, are become lb ruinous, that it is dangerous in many Places for Carriages or Travellers to pals the fame, except in very dry bummers; and that the said Roads are in some places so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass by each other; and that the Methods appointed by Law for Repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, are not sufficient to amend and keep the said Roads in Repair; and further setting forth. That Three Miles of the Road leading from the City of Coventry towards the Borough of Banbury, is upon the Turnpike Road leading from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge; and if a Turnpike Road should be carried from Banbury to Finford Bridge aforesaid, it would considerably increase the Income arising from the Tolls on the said Turnpike Road, and be greatly advantageous to the Country in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr, Sandys, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Rufhout, Sir John Phillips, Sir Cord:! Firebrace, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Caley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Egerton, Mr.

Corks, Sir George Lee, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Montagu, Lord IlilJJborough, Mr. Northey, Mr.. Nugent, Mr.

Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Shelley, Sir John Cust, Mr. Saltifbttry, Mr. Foley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gray,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wil-

loughby Act on, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gore, Sir Roger Mr. Charlton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hay, Mr. Frankland, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Wiglcy, Sir Armine Wodehouse,

Mr. Molyneux, Lord Guernsey, Lord North, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Craven, Mr. Grove, Mr. Greatheed,

Mr. Archer, Mr. Willes, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Colleton, Lord Harley, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Powney, Mr. Chester-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, Oxford,

and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,'Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Redforand Incumbent of the Parish Church of Churchover, in the County of Warwick, and of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors, of Lands and Grounds in the open and common Fields of Church-over aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Estates of the Petitioners in the said open and common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels; by means whereof, great Inconveniences arise to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Lands; and alleging, that the said Lands are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation; and that the same are very proper to be inclosed, and would be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners thereof, if the same were inclosed and divided into just Allotments and Proportions to and for the several Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said open and common Fields, according to every Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt and Sir John Philipps do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Churchovff I Inclosure.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Meao>. I to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Way.

Resolved, That this House will, upon W Mom- Supply.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of the Majesty.

Supply granted to his

at!)'

k

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, u° die Januarii;

Anno 28* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1755. Prayers.

THE Lord Barrington reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near, and travelling on, the several Roads therein after-mentioned, lying in the County of Devon, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Mangles laid, That he knows the Roads mentioned in the said Petition; and that the feme are in a very ruinous Condition, and in some Parts subject to be overflowed with Water, and so narrow in other Parts, that Two Carriages cannot pass each other; and that the feme cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dock Pound, through the Town of Plymouth, and Village or Harriet of Ridgeway, to Brent Bridge; and from Dock Pound aforesaid to the Water running from Roborough to Plymouth; and from

Pock

Pound,

etc.

Road.-

28 Geo. II. x i ° Januarij

Crimb/e Paf[a?ey through Plymouth, to Hon a Bridge; and from Orefton Passage, through Plymouth, to the Common in the Parish of 67. Budeaux, in the County of Zte-w*.* And that the Lord Barrington, Mr. Bayntun> and Mr. Dicker, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sutton,

&c.

Koadi.

'in

IU

Henley

Bridge,

Jtc.

Roads.

Da:

p0v (

u-

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other?, redding in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Application which has been made to the House, for a Bill to repair the Road from the Twelve Mile Stone in the Town of Sutton, in the County of Surrey, to and through the Borough of gate, in the said County, by Sidlow in the Parish of

Reigate, to Povey Cross, in the Parish of in

the said County; and also from Sk//0« aforesaid, through Che am, and over Howell Hill to , in the County aforesaid; and letting forth. That the Road from Tad-worth upon Walton Heath, by the Wind Mill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, leading to Betchworth, Leigh, and

Charlwood, in the said County, joins to the said Road, and is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That, in the said intended Bill, Provision may be made for repairing the said Hoad from Tadworth upon Walton Heath, by the Wind Mill, to the Bottom of Pebble leading to Betchworth, Leigh, and Charlwood.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Owners of Lands lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Twelve Mile Stone in the Town of Sutton, in the County of Surreyto and through the Borough of Reigate, in the said County, by Sidlow Mill, in the Parish of Reigate, to Povey Cross, in the Parish of Charlwood, in the said County; and also from Sutton aforesaid, through CJieam, and over Hill to Ewell,

in the County aforesaid; and of other Persons inhabiting near, and frequently travelling, the said Roads; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near, or frequently travelling, the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge, next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End o i Bur ford Bridge, next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks-, and from the Mayor's Si one at the End of the Boar Street, in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to and through Shippon, in the said County of Berks, to the Well End of the Town of in the same Coun-

ty; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Roads join the Turnpike Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dor-chester B’idge, and from thence to Culham Bridge; and are, in the Winter Season, very ruinous, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That, in the Bill applied for, to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the Act for repairing the said last mentioned Roads leading from Henley Bridge aforesaid, Provision may be made for repairing the Roads from the End of Culham Bridge, next to Culham aforesaid, to the End of Burford Bridge, next to Abingdon aforesaid, and from the Mayor's Slone, at the End of the Boar Street, in Abingdon aforesaid, to the West End of the said Town of Fyfield, or such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trullees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Ninth Year , of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge; and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; is re-Vot. 27.

ferred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other the Inhabitants, residing in and near the Borough of , in the County of

Sttjfex, and the Towns of Dorking, and Abbi-

sham, and other Towns, and Villages adjacent, in the Counties of Sussex and Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Roads leading from the Market House in the said Borough of Horfiham, through Warnham, in the said County of Sussex, through Capel, Dorking, Mick-leltam, and Leatherhead \to the Watch House in the said

Town of Ebbifham, in the said County of Surrey; and from Capel to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey; are become so ruinous, that, in the Winter Season, some Parts thereof are almost impassable for Carriages, and very dangerous for loaded Horles, and Travellers; and that the said Roads are, in many Parts, very narrow and incommodious: And therefore, in regard the said Roads cannot be amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Pilkington, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. , Mr. Nortkey, Sir Armine Vodehouse, Mr. PMr. Sturt, Mr. vey, M r. Charlton, Sir John P Mr. Felloioes, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Gore, Mr. Romney, Mr. Cartwright, Loid Hillsborough, Mr. For refer, Mr. Lee, Mr. , Lord

Barrington, Sir John Cust, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Hay, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mr.

Bathurfi, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gray, Mr. Caley, Mr. Molyneux; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Snssex, Surrey, Kent; and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, and also of the

Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, residing in and near the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Netherwich Bridge, within the said Borough of Droitwich, through the Lanes called Hampton Lane and the Hide Lane, to a Place called Lowhill on Hartlebury Common, and the Road between the said Hampton Lane and Hartlebury Common, leading over Mustard Green to a Place called the Spout, in the Parish of Hagley; and also the Road or Lane called Dor dale Lane, leading out of Hampton Lane aforesaid into the Turnpike Road between Omberfi.y and the Mitre Oak, towards the Borough of Bewdley, in the said County; and the Road leading from the Bottom of the Hospital within the said Borough of Droitwich, to a Place called Prim's Lane End; and also the Lanes called Frog Lane and Backbridge Lane, within the said Borough; are become very ruinous in the Winter Season; and that many Parts of the said Roads and Lanes are very narrow and dangerous, and, cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be repaired, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads and Lanes; or such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And

Horftiaoi#

&c.

Road.

Droitwidi

Roads.

Oxford

County

Ijedion.

7?

ii

Januariu

a 1755

And it is referred to Mr. Foley, Lord Hi I/[borough, Mr. hyfter, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Nor they, Mr. , Mr. Prowse, Sir Armine Wodehouf Sir Charles Mordaunt.

Captain James Dovglaf, Mr. Fellovies, Mr.

Mr. Bathnrfi, Lord Barrington, Mr. Mr.

Sturt, Sir John Phi/lipps, Mr. Egcrlon, Mr. Sir

RogerNewdigate, Mr. Lee, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Caley, Mr. Hammond, Mr.

Sir John Cujl, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gore, Sir Lttdevick Grant, Mr. Hay, Mr. Harvey,- Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Barbor, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Shelley,

Mr. Hunt, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Mr.; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Hereford, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the . Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

' And the Counsel for the Lord IBenman and Sir James Dashwood Baronet, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of who have

petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, examined a Wit-refs, in order to disqualify Six other Persons, who voted for the Lord Parker and Sir Furrier Baronet, as

rtot beir.2; assessed to the Land Tax.

Ar.d they having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to disqualify Stephen Jarrett, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Furrier:

" And the Assessments to the Land Tax, for the Year 1753, charged upon the several Hundreds in the said County except the Hundred of Chadlington, being produced:

And a Witness having been examined in relation to the said A He Ilmen ts;

/. The said Witness withdrew’.

And it appearing upon the Poll, that the Freehold, for which the said Stephen Jarrett voted, lies in Harmon.

Part of an Act, made in the iSth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England,' relating to Freeholds, in Respect or in Right of which any Person should claim to vote, being a lie lied to the Land Tax, was read.

And the said Counsel having proposed to give Evidence, that the Land, Pan of the said Freehold, for which the said Stephen Jarrell voted, and which only, as they alleged, is afieflecl to the Land Tax, is not of the Value of 40.C. per Annum:

And the Counsel on the other Side having objected to the Producing of Evidence to disqualify the said Stephen -‘Jarrett upon that Account; that being no Part of the Objection Hated against the Name of the said Stephen jarrett, in the Lilt delivered into the House by the Counsel for the said Lord Wen man and Sir James Dashzvood, and fur the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders of the County of Oxford, containing the Names of the several Persons objected to, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Furner; that Part of the said Lilt, which relates to the said Stephen Jarrett, was read:

And the Counsel for the said Lord kVenman and Sir James Dafiwoed, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy,

and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, having been heard in Answer to the said Objection, made by the Counsel on the other Side:

And the Counselon the other Side having been heard in Reply to that Answer:

And the Order, made upon Wednesday the 20th Day of November lait, That the Petitioners in.each of the several IVtifions, complaining of an undue Election and double

*7

Return for the County of Oxford, should, by themselves, or by their Agent or Agents, mutually deliver to each other, or to the respective Agent or Agents ot each other, a List or Lists of the Persons objected to, who voted for the Canditates, whole Election and Return are contested by such Petitioners, respectively; giving, in the said List or Lists, the several Heads of Objection, and di-stinguishing the same against. the Names of the Voters excepted to, being read.

The Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

And the Head of Objection, set against the Name of the said Stephen Jarrett, in the Lift of the several Objections respectively made by the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, and the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders of the County of Oxford, to the Voters who voted for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Ftimer at the lait Election for the County of Oxford, being read:

Which Head of Objection is as followeth; viz.

"j As voting in Respect, or in Right, of Messuages, " Lands, or Tenements, which have not been " charged or assessed towards some Aid granted " to his Majesty by a Land Tax in Great Britain, " Twelve Calendar Months next before the said " Election."

And a Motion being made, and the Questionbeing put. That the Counsel for the said Lord Vif.ount and

SirJrt/wtM Dashzvood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and

other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, be admitted, to give Evidence under the said Head ot Objection, That the Land, for which the said Stephen J arret is assessed to the Land Tax, is not of the Value of 40J. a Year;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

SMr. Prozvfe, 1

Mr. Alderman Richard > 4S. Beckford: J

Tellers for the Noes, f »!'*

’I Mr. Martin.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel on both Sides were called in ;and Mr.

Speaker having acquainted them with the said Resolution;

They were again directed to withdraw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question bcingput.

That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said leve-

ral Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned

till FuefdayMorning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

SI-

T 11 rv ( Afr. 1

1 ellers for the 1 eas, { u Ar , -

’ J Mr. Calvert: }

Mr. Lowndes,

44*

6.

... it , fh'Ir.

Ws.ortlicNoes, {Mr . j

So it pallid in the Negative.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again calied in.

And the Counsel for the said Lord IVcnman and Sir James Dashzvood) and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted lor the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as not being a ill lied to the Land Tax.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to cliI — qualify Twelve other Porions, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner; Four as not being at-felled to the Land Tax, One as being a Copyholder, Two as not being allelfed to the land l ax, or as not having any Freeholds in the said County, and the other Five as not having any Freeholds in the Places; where, at the time-of the said Eiedtion, they alleged their Freeholds did lie.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, Xhat the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Tuesday Morning next* with the double Return for the County of Oxford.

And

28 Geo. II. i i0 — 13°

Account* respcrting the Linen Trade.

Sandwich

Bridge.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunae, 13" die Januarii;

Anno 28° Georgii IT" Regis, 1755. Prayers.

rt*'H E House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford,

X from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of foreign raw LinenYarn, Spruce or MuscoviaY urn, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Ch'ifimas 1748, to Christmas 1753; distinguishing each Year, the Places from whence imported, and the Duties paid thereon: And also, An Account of alPforeign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain cailed Engfrom Christmas 1748,

to Chfiftmas 1753; distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Linens: And all'o.

An Account of all British and Iri/Ji Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called England to the British Colonies and Plantations in America, from 1740, to Christmas 1753; distinguishing each Year, and the Spq*ies of such Linens: And also,

An Account of all foreign Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called England to the British Colonies and Plantations in Americafrom Christmas 1742, to Christmas 1753; distinguishing each Year, the Species of such Linens, with the Drawbacks paid thereon And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, and offeveral other Persons, Inhabitants of the said Town and Port, and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, Thar King Edward, in the Twenty-third Year of his Reign, did grant unto the Hospital of Saint Bartholomew in or near Sandwich, all Profits arising from the Passage or Perry over the Water or Haven between Sandwich and Stonore, towards the Support of the said Hospital; which said Profits have been ever since applied in Support thereof; and that, on or about the Twenty-seventh Day of November 1746, the Matter, Brothers, and Sifters, of the said Hospital, with the Consent of the Mayor and Jurats of the said Town, who are the Patrons, Governors, and Visitors, of the said Hospital, did lease the said Ferry, at a certain annual Rent, to Valentine for the Term of

Eleven Years, from the Feast of St.Michael then next cn-suing; and alleging, that the Passage over the said Ferry is frequently very inconvenient, and sometimes dangerous; and that if a Bridge was built crols the said Haven at or near the said Ferry, a much more safe and convenient Communication would be thereby opened between the Isle of Tka net and the said Town and Port, and also the Towns of Deal, Dover, and several other Places in the Eastern Parts of the County of Kent: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the said Haven, and for supporting and maintaining the fame, and for Performance of all such other Matters as shall be necessary to be done in relation thereto, upon such Compensation to be made to the said Hospital, for the Loss of the Profits of the said Ferry and to the said Lcfiee, as this House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- lideration ofa Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 27.

And it is referred to Mr Amy and, Mr. Clev land, Mr. West, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. WaMr. Earle, Mr.

boti, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Tozvnjh Mr. Guy, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Pitt, Mr. George

Amy and, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Char/ten, Mr. Pro by 11, Mr.

Thornhagh, Mr Kynaston, Mr. Cocks, Mr.' Lfter, Mr. Ellis, lYlr. Reynolds, Mr. Elliot, Admiral Mr. Le-

vefon Gower, Sir John Cust, Mr. Mr.

Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Verney, Colonel

Whitmore, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Potter, M r. Ongley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. MeMr. Walpole, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Berkeley, Ijflr. Talbot, Sir

Armine Wodehouse; and nil the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Surrey; and for the Cinque Ports: And tlTey are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,! in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, freeholders, Traders, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, was presented to the House/ arid read; taking Notice of the Petition which has been presented to the House for Leave to bring ih a Bill for widening and repairing the Road between the Towns of Leeds and -field; and alleging, that the said Road may. be made good by the ordinary Means directed by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be relieved against the said Petition, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, t6 whom the Petition of the several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergymen, Freeholders, Merchants, Farmers, and Traders, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, feGding in or near, and travelling on, the Road between the Towns Wakefield, in the County of York, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir George DaMr. Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr

- Mr. Earle, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Gray, Mr. Marton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. , Mr. rtay, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Henry Pelham, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Sir

yard, be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Inhabitants, and Tradesmen, living in and near the Towns of Cirencester, Stow on the Wold, and in Marsh, in

the County of Gloucester, and others of the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Road leading from the Hand and Pcjt at the Top of Bur ford Lane, in the Parish of Prefion, in the said County, being Part of

the old RomanFofs Way, leading through the several Parishes of Prefion, Baunton, Cirencester, Ampney

North Cerney, Coin Rogers, ChCoin Saint Dennis,

Northleach, Ham-net, Eafington, Farmington, Cold Aston, Burton on the Water, Lower and

Lower Swell, to the Town of Stow on the Wold; and from thence through the several Parishes Long-

borough, to and through the Town of Morel on Marsh,

and from thence through the several Parishes ot Battesford, Lemington, Blockley, Stratton on the Fofs, and

ington, to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and also the Road from the Cross Hands on Salford in the Parish of Salford, in the County of Oxford, leading through the several Parishes of Addleftrop,

Oddington, Mange/bury, to and through the Town of

Stow aforesaid, and from thence through the several Parishes of Lower Swell, Eyford, Handing, Ship-

ton Olives, Seven Hampton, Sand Dowdcfwe/l, to join the Turnpike Road from Bur ford to Gloucester, at a Place called the Hand and Post in the Pari lit ot Dowdej-well, in the said County of Gloucester; and also the Road

U born

Lreds t6 Wakefield Road,

Barford Lane KoAd

Wells

EJeftion.

Mortuaries in Chester Archdeaconry.

Marfk

Inclosure.

74 13° Januar A. 1755.

from a House called the Fish, at the Top of "Broadway Hid, in the County o fGloucester, leading through the fe-’ veral Parishes of Chipping Campden, on

'the Hill, Longborough, Broadwel aforesaid, and Upper

Swell, to the Town of Stow aforesaid: for many Years past have been, and now are, very'deep and founderous, and aie almoll impassable for Carriages and Travellers, and, in many Parts thereof, very narrow and incommodious; and that the Roads aforesaid cannot be widened, Yepaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof'; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them to the House: '

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Phi/lipps,

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Gyblon, Mr. Kym-

Jton, Mr. Potter, Mf. Lyjler, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. lozves, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gray, Sir John Mr. More,

My.Thdrnhagh, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr, Yottge, Mr. Sir

Thomas Hales, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Solicitor General. Admiral Griffin, Mr. Myddelton, Lord Verney, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Glyntie, Mr. 'Martin, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Affleck, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Mr. Let-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Warwick, Oxford, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Francis Gwyn Esquire, be at Liberty to 'withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

A Me Cage from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer, and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords nave passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away Mortuaries in the Archdeaconry of Chester, and giving a Recompence therefore to the Bishop of Che-as Archdeacon of Chester, who holds and enjoys the said Archdeaconry in Right of his See: To which the Lords defite the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Marfk in Clevland, in the North Riding of the County of York, and Impropriator and Patron of the Parish Church there, and of the Vicar of the said Church; and also of the Freeholders, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands in the open and common Fields within the Manor and Parish of Marfk aforesaid; was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Lllatesof the Petitioners in the said open and common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels; by means whereof, great Inconveniencies able to the Proprietor^ and Occupiers of the said Lands; and alleging, that the said Lands are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation; and that the same are very proper to be inclosed, and would be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners thereof, if the same were inclosed and divided into just Allotments and Proportions to and for the several Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That I eave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said open and common Fields, according to every Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, Thext the said Petition.do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, iii the County of Stafford, "was pre-lented to the House, and read i setting forth, That there is only One Church in the said Town, which is not sufficient to contain the Inhabitants for hearing Divine Service; and that the Church-yard belonging to the said Church is so small, that there is not Room for the? decent Interment of such of the Inhabitants of the said Town as die there; and that the said Church is a Deanery annexed to that of Windsor-, and that the said Town and Parish is a peculiar Jurisdiction, exempt from the Vilitation of the Bishop of the Diocese; and that the said Inhabitants are delirous that a r.ew Chapel may be erected, and aCha-pel-yard or Cemetery may be annexed thereto; and have entered into a voluntary Subscription for that Purpose; but that the Sum subscribed not b<ring sufficient to raise a Fabric large enough, the Earl of has offered to

give the Sum ol1,000, towards building such intended Chapel, upon Condition that he and his Heirs he for ever invested with the Rights of Nomination of the Ministerto do Duty and perform Divine Service in such new Chapel; and further setting forth, Thatjohn Jeffon, George Saunders, Thomas Wightwick, John Pirjhouse, and James Raby, being joint Owners of certain Cloles or Parcels of Land in Wolverhampton aforesaid, called Cock , have, for promoting the said Design, voluntarily offered to give Two Acres of the said Lands, in order to build llu h new Chapel thereon, and for a Chapel-yard thereto; and that in order to defray the Expences of a Mtnifter and his Clerk, and other necessary Charges, the Petitioners are defnous that the Pews and Seats, which shall be made in the said intended Chapel, maybe let at such yearly or other Rate, aswillraifea Sum of Money sufficient forthofe Purposes; but that thefeMatters cannot be carried into Execution effectually, without the Aid of Parliament And t here-fore praying, That Leave may be given to bri ng in a Bill effectually to carry the said Purposes into Execution, and making proper and convenient Roads and Ways to the said Chapel, and for the Performance of all such other Matters and Things as the House shall think necefliu y and proper to be done, for the more perfect Accomplishment of this Work.; referring, nevertheless, all such accustomed Fees as are due to the said Coiiegiate Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coh-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. West, Mr. Watson, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Verney, Mr. Aid worth, Mr. Tonge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Earle, Mr. More, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Tonu-Jhetid, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Hunter, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Potter, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cocks, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Molyneux, Sir William Beauchamp Prod or, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cartwright, Colonel Mr. Alexander, Mr. Webb, Mr. Mr. Barbor, Sir Matthew Lamb, Sir Lionel P Mr. ex, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Client Mr. Ly/ler, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gore, Mr. Amyand, Lord Hi///borough, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Mr. Nugent-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Salop, Chester, and the Principality of Wale's:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

APetition of Lascelles, Metcalf Esquire, 7 horn as Man -

leverer Esquire, Nicholas Lambton Esquire, and or the le-veral other Persons whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, beingOwners of certainTenements within the'l'ownlh.p or Ofmotherley, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is within the Township of Ofmotherley aforesaid; a large Common or

Wo’v-r.

hampron

ChapeL

Ofmotherley in ciu-fjrc.

Calverley

Moor

Inclosure*

Accounts of Lottery j Coals, and Licences.

Nova Scotia.

28 Geo. II. 130 Januarit. 75

Waste, called Ofmotberley Common, containing by Efti-

mation Two ihoiifaud Three hundred Acres, or thereabouts i and that the Petitioners are Owners of several Tenements within the said Township, and, in respect thereof, have a Right of Common in or upon the said Common or Waste; but the Property of the Soil of the same belongs to the Lord Bishop ot , in Right

of his Church and See of Dur, as Lord of the Manor of Northallerton, in the said County of York; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Common or Waste Ground should be divided, inclosed, and cultivated; and that each Acre thereof, so to be divided, {houki be charged with the Payment of a competent annual Rent to the said Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, as an Equivalent for his and their Interest and Property in the said Common or Waste, and subject thereto; and that the famelhould be allotted and divided unto and among the Petitioners and the several other Owners of Tenements intitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, in proportion to their several Shares, Interests, and Properties therein, respectively; but that the said Division and Inclosure cannot be effectually completed and established, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Earl Verney and Sir Robert Hildyard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Freeholders, and other Persons, who have Right of Common upon Calverley Moor, commonly called Bradford Moor. in the Parish of Calverley, irt the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Moor, and several other Parcels of Commons, tituate in the said Manor and Parish, contain Nine hundred Acres, which at present yield little Profit to the Freeholders and Occupiers of Lands within such Manor; but are capable of great Improvement, by inclosing the same; and that Sir Walter Blacket Baronet, is Lord of the said Manor of

Calverley, and Impropriator of the Tythes; and there are several other Persons who have Right upon the said Common, appurtenant to their respective Estates there; and that the said Sir Walter Band others, who have

Right upon the said Common, are desirous that the same should be inclosed and divided; which cannot be effectually done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 17 ;5, of the Surplus of the Lottery Fund 1714, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That the proper Ouicer do lay before this House, an Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Duties on Coals, since 25th March 1719, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of Monies that remained in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an. Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, byfup-porting and maintaining the Settlements of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ill of January 1754, to the 31 ft of December following.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Efti-VOL.

mate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Novia Scotia, for the Year 1755.

A Petition of the Freeholders, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands and Right of Common in and on the open Fields and commonable Lands of and in the Lordship of Shngfby, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said open Fields and commonable Land contain together One thousand Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, that, if the same were divided and inclosed, they would be very ufetul and convenient to the Parties concerned; and that the Petitioners are desirous to divide and inclose the lame, and to have each Proprietor’s Share and Proportion thereof allotted to him in Severalty; but that notwithstanding such Division and Inclosure will tend to the public Good, as well as to the mutual Advantage of all Persons concerned therein, yet the same cannot be made effectual without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open Fields and commonable Land aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ord and Sir John Rushout, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. James , Mr. Lord

Barrington, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint George, Saint John Wapping, Saint Paul Shadivell, Saint Dunstan Stepney, and Saint Ann, and of the Hamlets of Ratcliff and Poplar, and Blackwall, in the County of Middlesex, and of Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and Deptford, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in b half of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Places, is referred.

Mr. howndes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable William Lowndes Stone Esquire, lately called William Lowndes the younger, Esquire, and Catharine his Wife, and others therein named, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Stone, pursuant to the Will of Francis Lowe Esquire, deceased And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick NuJJen, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Mr. Charlton, Lord Ferney, Mr. Hay, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ord, Mr. Dawkins, Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Dun com be, Sir John Cust, Sir John Rushout, Sir John Phi/lipps, Sir Francis Poole,

Lord Hih’Jborough, Sir Ralph Mr. Mackenzie,

Sir Mathew Lambe, Lord Egmont, Sir Reger Lord Gage, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. S licicor General, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Onslow, Sir William Row-ley. Sir Edward Hazvke, Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir Ludovick Grant, Sir Charles Kemys Mr. Ellis, Sir John Glynne, Lord Howe, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Lade, Mr. Shelley, Mr. More, Mr. Foley, Mr.

7hornhagh, Ml. Medlycott, Mr. Duff, Mr. Roivney, Sir Charles Howard, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Mr. Potter, Mr. Fazarkerley, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Ongley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and Greens, in the Lordship of Stilling-fleet, in the County of York; and for settling certain

yearly

Slinky

Inclosure.

R?rcliffe Ferry to Rotherhith*,

Lowndes’s

Name,

Nu Hen's Nat.

Still’ ngflret Indohirc*.

x3° — 14°

-d. 17 55-

Banbury,

Sec.

Road,

Bishops

Castle

KItflioiv

Plfljnps

C:iVh

*r?r.

yearly Payments to the Impropriators of the Re&ory, and to the Vicar of Stillmgjltetaloresaid, in lieu of the great and final 1 Tythes belonging to the said Rectory and Vicarage, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act. to confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and Greens, in the Lord ill ip of Stillingflee:, in the County of York, and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Impropriators of the Rectory, and to the Vicar of Stillingfleet aforesaid, in lieu of the great and small Tyth.es belonging to the said Rectory and Vicarage.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till.Tc-morrOw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 140 die Januarii:

Anno 28* Georgii II" Regis, 1755. ^Prayers.'

A PETITION of the Mayor, Corporation, and other principal Inhabitants, of the City of and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing on or near the Road leading from the City of to the Village

or Parish of Adder bury, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from the City of Oxford, from a Place there called the End of the Mile Way, through to

Adderbury, in the said County, to a certain Place there known by the Name of the Guide , is so deep and ruinous, that it is dangerous for Horlemen, and almost impassable for Carriages many Months in the Year; and that the said Road cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual repairing of the said Road, or such other Provision as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and other principal Inhabitants, of the City of Coventry, the Mayor, Corporation, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of , in the County of Oxford, the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing on or near the Road leading from the City of Coventry, through the Town of in the County of Warwick, to the said Borough of Banbury; and of the Trustees to put in Execution an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to the Bottom of Meredin Hill, in the County of , and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Meredin Hill aforesaid, to Stombridge in the said County; whole Names are thereunto subscribed; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert de Cornwall Baronet, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop.

O'dered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Ot acred, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eluding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for t lie Borough ot Bid/opsCastle, in the County of Salop, i.r the rev.n of Burnaby Backwell Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Tenants, and inhabitants, of Calverley, and Parts adjacent, in the West Rid-

ing of the County of York, whole Names are fubfrribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice oJf the Petition for a Bill for inclosing and dividing Moor, and several other Parcels of waste Ground within the said Parish: and setting forth. That, within the said Parish, there are Two Lanes or Road?, one called West Lane, leading from the V illage of aforesaid to

Bradford, and the other called Shell Lane, leading from Calverley to Pudsey, which laid Lanes or Roads will be of no Service to the Inhabitants of Calverley, or to the Public in general, as there are Two other Lanes or Roads, one called Woodall Lane, and the other Lane, equally

advantageous to all Persons having Occasion to pals to or from the Placesabove-mentioned: And therefore praying. That Leave maybe given to insert a Clause or Clauses in the said Bill, for fencing off, and (hutting up, the said Lanes, called West Lane and Shell Lane, and for inclosing and dividing the waste Grounds therein, together with the rest of the Commons and waste Grounds in Calverley aforesaid, in such manner as the Trustees, to be named in the said Bill, shall think proper and convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. , Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Mr.

Bathurst, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fane, Sir Roger Mr. Burrel, Mr. Powney, Mr. , Colonel Whit-

more, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. More, Mr. Keck, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Wiglcy, Mr. r, Mr. Alderman Dickenson, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Sa-lufbury, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Elliot, Mr Dicker, Mr.

7 "ownfliend, Sir brands Dashwood, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Daflrwood King, Mr. Hay, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Sym-mons, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lee, Mr Mr. Hardman, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Pelham, Ah. Begot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Leicester and Warwick, and City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious; and that the said Road cannot be effeiftually repaired and w idened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That effectual Provision may be made for repairing and widening the said Road, in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. , Mr. Barrow, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. lipfon, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Alderman DSir John Cu/l,

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Symmons, Mr. Gore, Mr. Colleton, Mt Gray, Mr. More, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sturt, Sit Francis Dashwood, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Crowle, Mr.

Yhornhagh, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Hardman, Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Curzon, Mr. HardMr. Kynaston, Sir John Pliillipps, Mr. Dafkwood King, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Hay, Mr. Powney, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lee, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Pelham, Sir Roger Newdigate; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, and Staffed: and they are to meet this Afternoooo at Five of the

Clock,

Cs I verity Moor

Inclosure.

Market

Hsrborough,

&c.

Road*

Hailing

Inclol'ure,

Glasgow

Two

Prrmics

Scoti,

28 Geo. II. 140 Januariu 77

Clock, in tVieSpeaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of William Wyndham Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Hailing, in the County of the Re-

verend John Hughes Clerk, Rector of the Parish of Hailing aforesaid, 'Thomas CrafsYeoman, Parish Clerk of the said Parish, John Collet, John and Michael

Leafebolders for Lives, and Mary Cooke Widow, and John Fletcher, Copyholders for Lives, of and in the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner William Wyndhani is seised in Fee of the Manor of Hailing aforesaid, and of the perpetual Advowson and Right of Patronage and Presentation of and to the Rectory of Hailing aforesaid; and that, in the said Manor and Parish, there are Three large, open, and common Fields, commonly called East Field, Middle Field, and West Field, which consist of about One thousand Acres of arable Land; and that the Petitioner John Hughes, in Right of the said Rectory, is seised of, and intitled to, the Tythes of Corn and Grain arising from the said Three Fields, and of and to several Parcels of Glebe Land lying in the same Fields, containing about Sixty-three Acres; and that the Petitioner Thomas Crass, in Right of his said Office of Parish Clerk, is seised of and intitled unto. One Acre Three Quarters and Twenty-eight Perches of Land lying in the same Fields; and that the Petitioners John Collet, John Cooke, Michael Cooke, Mary Cooke, and John Fletcher, by virtue of several Grants to them, or to some other Persons under whom they claim, respectively, made by the Lore or Lords of the said Manor by several Leases and Copies of Court Roll, are respectively seised of, and intitled unto, several Pieces and Parcels of Land lying in the same Fields, for One or more Life or Lives; and that all the rest of the Land in the same Fields belong to the Petitioner William Wyndham, who is seised in Fee thereof, and of the Re-verlion and Inheritance of the said Leasehold and Copy-hold Lands; and that the several Quantities and Parcels of Land, to which the Petitioners arefo intitled as aforesaid, lie diiperfedly and intermixed in several small Parcels in the said Fields, and, in their present Situation, are utterly incapable of any Improvement; but, if divided and inclosed, might be considerably improved and cultivated, and managed at much less Expence; and that the Petitioners have therefore, with the Advice and Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese of Gloucester (in which Diocese the said Rectory and Parish of Hailing lie), come to an Agreement for dividing and inclosing the Lands contained in the said Three common Fields; and that the Petitioner John Hughes hath, by the said Agreement, and with such Advice and Consent as aforesaid, agreed to re-linquish the said Tythes arising out of the said Three Fields, and to surrender and yield up to the Petitioner William Wyndham, and his Heirs, the said Sixty-three Acres of Glebe Land belonging to the said Rectory, in Consideration of certain yearly Stipends and Payments thereby stipulated and agreed to be paid to the Petitioner John Hughes, and his Successors, Rcftors'of the said Parish, for ever; whereby the yearly Value of the said Rectory will be increased; but that the said Tythes and Glebe Lands cannot be alienated, or the Stipends to be paid in lieu thereof be established, or the said Agreement be carried into Execution, without the Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Three Fields, and for settling the said Tythes and Glebe Lands, and establishing the yearly Payment in lieu thereof, according to the said Agreement, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. barrow, Mr. Berkeley, and Mr. Cartwright, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Me.Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Bailiffs, and Dean of Guiid, of Vo*,. 47, , v

the City of Glasgow, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it i nr at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, an A (St, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the 4th Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, whereby a Duty of id. Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, was granted to the said City upon each Pint of Ale and Beer to be brewed in, brought, vended, tapped, or fold, within the said City, and other Places therein mentioned, for the Term of Sixteen Years: And also,

An Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Third Year of the Reign of Queen whereby the former Act was further continued for the Term of Sixteen Years, from the Expiration of the said former Act: And also,

An Act, passed in the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, whereby the said Act was further continued till the lfto (November 1738.

Which said several Acts were read.

He then produced to your Committee, an Act of the 9th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, whereby it appears that the said Act was further continued for 25 Years, from tft November 1738; and was likewise extended to the Villages oiGorbells and Fort Glasgow, and Privileges thereof.

Then Andrew Cockran Esquire, being examined, said. He had been Four Years Provost of the said City, and had been many Years One of the Baillies:

That many B/ewers, in order to evade the Duties, set up Breweries without the Liberties of Glasgow and the Gorbells, and from thence smuggled the Ale and Beer into the said Liberties.

Then the Witness produced (o your Committee, an Account of the yearly Amount of the said Duties for the last Five Years, which, on an Average, amount to£*1,440 per Annum.

He also produced to your Committee, an Account of the fixed Revenue of the City of Glasgow, amounting to £.1,650 per Annum-, which, with the Amount of the Duty afore-mentioned, makes in the Whole £. 3,050.

The said Witness then produced to your Committee, an Account of . the annual Disbursements of the said City, amounting to£.3,212. in 7 whereby it appeared, that the Expence of the City exceeded their Income yearly £.162.

That though the City Revenues have been managed with the utmost Frugality, the Magistrates have been obliged to increase their Debt to the Amount of£ 2,000, since the patfing of the last Act; Part of which additional Debt was contrafted, in order to pay the Fine laid upon the said City by the Rebels, in the last unnatural Rebellion, the Sum granted by the Legislature to make good the same being insufficient for. that Put^ofe; and that it will be impossible to discharge the said Debt, and defray the current Expences of the Government of the said City, without a further Continuation of the said Duty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow; and for extending the same over the Villages of Gor bells and Pori and Privileges

thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages: And that Mr. Gilbert Elliot and Mr. liar dirge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that since the presenting of the Petition of Thomas Lord Viscount and Lieutenant

Colonel Thomas Gage, complaining of an undue Election

X and

Tewkftmry

Ektfioa.

BrmkmaiA

l^amc-

Oxford

County

j^cttion.

78 14° Januarii. 1755*

and Return For the Borough of Ttwkfbtiry, in the County of Glonctfter, the late Lord Viscount Gage (One of

the Petitioners) is dead j

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon so much of the Matter of the said Petition as relates to the said Lord Viscount Gage.

And the House being also informed, That Thomas Gage Esquire (the other Petitioner) desires to withdraw so much of the said Petition as relates to him;

Ordered, That the said Thomas Gage Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw that Part of the said Petition which relates to him.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon that Part of the said Petition which relates to the said Thomas Gage Esquire.

the said Person;

Mr. John Calvert reported from the Committee, to The Counsel on the other Side admitted, that the whom the Bill to enable Theodore Henry Brinkman Esquire, said Ellate was devised to the Mother of the said Person to take and use the Surname of Broadhead, pursuant to for Life.

the Will of Henry Broadheetd Esquire, deceased, was com- Then the Counsel for the said Lord IVaim an and Sir

mitted, That the Committee had examined the Allega- James and for the said Gendemen, Clergy,

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, exa-

that the Committee had direfred him to report the Bill mined several Witnesses, in order to dilquaiify Four other

to the House, without any Amendment: And he deli- Persons who voted for the said Lord and Sir -

vered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. ward Turner; Two of them as not being in Possession of

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed. the Estates for which they claimed to vote, and the

other Two as not having a Freehold in the said County The Order of the Day being read; of the Value of 40 Annum.

The House proceeded to the farther Hearing of the They also examined a Witness, in order to dilquaiify Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an un- Two other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker due Election and double Return for the County of Ox- and Sir Edward Timer, as not being in Possession of the ford, and of the said double Return. Freeholds for which they claimed to vote:

And the Counsel were called in And Part of the Poll taken at the said Election for the

And the Coun'el for the Lord Wcnman and Sir James Hundred of in the said County, was tead, in or-Dafkwoad Baronet, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and der to prove that the Father of the said Two last-men-oti.er Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, who have tioned Persons voted at the said Election for a Freehold petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election in in the said Hundred; for which

and double Return for the said County, examined several Freehold the said Counsel allegal, that the said Two Witnesses, in order to disqualify Eleven other Persons other Persons likewise appear to have voted, who voted for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner The said Counsel also examined several Witnesses, in Baronet; some as not having any Freeholds in the said order to disqualify Three other Persons, who voted for County of the Value of 40 s.per Annum, and others as the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner; One as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value' Months before the said Election, in Possession of the of 40 One as not being in the Possession of

Freeholds for which they claimed to vote. the Freehold which he claimed to vote, and the other

And the said Counsel having examined a Witrefs, in as being a Leaseholder.

order to disqualify William Hopkins, who voted for the They also examined a Witness, and produced Evi-

laid Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as not being in dence, in order to disqualify One other Person, who

Possession of, or intitled to, the Freehold for which he voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward

claimed to vote: as being a Leaseholder.

And the Probate of the Will of William Randall being They also examined several Witnesses, in order to dif-produced, in order to prove that the Estate for which qualify Two other Persons, who voted for the said Lord the said William Hopkins claimed to vote, was devised to Parker and Sir as not being in Possession

Randall Hopkins, Son to the said William. of the Freeholds for which they claimed to vote.

And the said Witness being withdrawn; They also examined a Witness, and produced Evi-

The said Probate, in which Three Persons are named dence, in order to disqualify Two other Persons, who as Witnesses to the Will of the said William Randall, voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir,

was read. as not having any Freeholds in the Places where the

And the same Witness was again called in, and fur- Freeholds they voted for lie; and also as not being al-ther examined, in order to prove that the said Randall felled to the Land Tax.

Hopkins is now living. And they having examined a Witness, in order to dil-

Aiul then the said Witness again withdrew. qualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord

And the said Counsel examined several Witnesses, in Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as not being in Possession order to disqualify Twelve other Persons who voted for of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote; the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner; forae as The Counsel on the other Side admitted, that the said not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Person was not afiefled for the said Estate in his own Name. Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Then the Counsel for the said Lord fVenman and Sir Freeholds for which they claimed to vote; One as being Dujkzvood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and

a Leafehokler, One as not having a Freehold in the said other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, examined a County of the Value of 4.0 j. per Annum, and the rest as Witness, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify not being in Possession of the Freeholds for which they One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker claimed to vote. and Sir Edward Turner, as not being in Possession of the

The said Counsel also examined a Witness, and pro- Estate for which he claimed to vote, and as not being duced Evidence, in order to disqualify One other Person assess'ed to the Land Tax.

who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward They also examined a Witness, in order to disqualify Turner, asaot having been, for the Space of Twelve Ca- One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker

and

lendar Months before the said file&iori, in PdfefBan of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote.

And another Witness was also examined, in order to prove that the said Person was not assessed to the Land Tax.

The said Counsel also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Fifteen other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner; lbme as not being in Possession of the Estates for which they claimed to vote; some as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Moivths before the said Election, ia Possession of the Estates for which they claimed to vote and One as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40/. per Annum.

And they having examined a Witness, in order to prove that the Estate for which One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, claimed to vote, was in the Possession of the Mother of

i4° — 15* Januarii.

MePcuriiy I5* die 5

Anno a8* Georgii II'B Regis,1755;

t* It A T E ft. S.

/JRDERED, That iJfr. Speaker do issue His War- Cumberland rant to the Clerk of the CrOwn, to make oUt a new Writ. Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve tri this present Parliament for the County of Cumberland, in the room bf Sir James Lozvtier Baronet; deceased.

48 Geo. II.

and Sir Edward Ti urner, as not being assessed to the Land Tax.

And the same Witness having been also eidmined, iri order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward burner, as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40s. per Annum, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax*

The Counsel on the other Side admitted, that the said Person was not assessed in his own Name for the Year 175a.

And Part of the Assessment, charged upon the Hundred of Bampton for the Year 1753, was read.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Thursday Morning next, with the double Return for the County of Oxford.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The House being informed, That Mr. Lowhdes, from Account oi the Treafdry, attended at the door; Di.'pofhion

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the of GrauU* House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1754, hath been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 15th Day of January 1755: and the Parts remaining unsatished, with the Overplus thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account i6 as followeth; viz.

Vol. <xy.

AN

Lj

«r4 ►

9

An ACCOUNT shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1754 hath been disposed of; distinguishe3 under the federal Heads> nut il the Fifteenth t)ay of

January 1755; and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Overplus thereupon.

O

(Q_

n'

CD

Cl

CT

O

o

o

oo,

FT

s?

n

o-

SERVICES.

{For the Victualling, Wage*, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 10,000 Men, for 13 Months, from the

lft of January 1754....

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and Half-pay to Sea Officers....

Towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich -

Towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1754 -

To sundry Chaplains of the Navy....

{For Ordnance, Sea Service

\ For Land Services, the Sum voted wa» 118,347/. 12*. 4</.; but there being a Saving on that Head, of the Sum of 2,4*26/. 121. 6d. < by Vacancies of the Port of the Mailer General, Secretary, Under Secretary, and Clerk to the Mailer General, and Chief Engineer,

T2 J that Sum is deducted, and no more charged than © {.For defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament -

S

1

u

G

'"For defraying the Charge of 18,837 Men, for his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Jersey and Guernsey, for the Year 1754 - -- -- -- - - "

For maintaining his Majesty’s Force* and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisiont for the Garrisons in Gibraltar, Nava Scotia, Newfoundland, and Providence, for the Year 1754 -

For defrayiugthe extraordinary Expence of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 1753, and not provided for by Parliament ——

For the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Laud Forces and Marines, upon Account ——

For Allowances to Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards -

For Pensions to the Widows of reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines -

For Out Pensioners of Chtfjea Hospital, upon Account -

To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty -

The like with the Elector of Saxony, King of Boland ——

[ For the Charges incurred by fnppot ting and maintaining the Settlement of A'ova Scotia, in the Year 1753. not provided fur by Par-J liament, upon Account ——

[ For supporting and maintaining the Settlement of Nora Scotia, in the Year 1754, upon Account -

To make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Malt, &c. 1732, at Ltidy-day 1754 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land 'fax 1732, at Aitchwltnns <1754 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fand the like Sum paid thereout for the Deficiency of the Duty of 12Jk. per Barrel on Sweets, at JIL-cluiehnas 1733 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the HalfSukfidy of Tonnage and Poundage, to the 5th of January 1754* to f.itisfv Annuities charged s thereupon by sundry AuU of Parliament - ——

C '.

494.000 — —

278,747 1* 9

10,000-----

100.000 — — -1,642 10 —

26,000 — —

115,920 19 10 5,218 4 8

628,315 7 21

236,420 18 6}

31,900 11 11

55.000 -

4,246 6 8

2.944-----

5.7»358 5 5

20.000 — —

32.000 -

Sums voted*

£ d%

884,390 2 9

147.139 4 6

Sunas paid*

11,302 6 g

47>°54 ir> 3

160,932 8 71

93.933 19 8

*>793 15 —

6 E505 19 Pi

1,068,185 to- 5]

5*447 —

3a2»8i5 3 1

£ #. d.

884,390 2 9

>47*13^ 4 .6

Remains to be paid.

1,068,185 10 5^ 53.548 14 5

3*3* *3 3 1

£* d

4*3^; 7

cn

o-l ’

Ol

t

5^ a 0 > H U to / 1 T3 For building, maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa - - - " Towards enabling the Commissioners for the Bridge cross the Thames at Westminster, to maintain the Bridge, and perform their TruOs -Towards laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from Curli/lc to Newcastle upon Tyne For defraying the Charges of the Civil Eilabliftiment of Georgia in America, and Expence attending the same ----- £ 8. d. 10,000 1 2.000 I 6.000 — — 2,632 — — 15,496 19 1} 10,500 — — £ S' 1 10,000 — — 2,000 6,000 — — 2,632 — — £' 4

To satisfy the several principal Sums remaining due of Bills and Certificates drawn from Georgia in America, voted ^.15,497 2|d. but satisfied with To the Mortgagees of the Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench, in full Satisfaction of their Estate and Interest in that Office 14,362 19 10J 10,500 — — *,133. »9 3i

a a CO For defraying the Expence of Rebuilding the Prison of the Marshal/eu of the Court of King's Bench - - - -k Money paid for Losses by the infectious Distemper amongst Horned Cattle - -- -- 7,800 — — 5,200 5,200 — — 7,800 — —

£ 2,541,006 I 111 2,527.173, 15 13,832. 6 ioi

Memorandum: There was directed to be paid out of the Sinking Fund to discharge the Exchequer Pills (landing out, and chargeJ on the Duty on Sweets, the Sum of -Of which there has been paid the Sum of -....

Remains unpaid

Ways and Means for the said Services.

Remains to be ifibed on the Malt Ad -

From which dedud the Sums not paid, as above

Residue is the Overplus of the Grants, Anno 1754.

490,600 — —

461,51a 13 3

38,087 6 9

- 17,174 0j

♦ m — 13,832 6 10J

£ ?>34‘ 19 2|

£. 8. d.

750.000 — —

1,000,000 — — '

7,937 14 2i

700.000 ~ — -

23.562 7 2!

30,195 3 6£

32,652 15 7

By the Malt Duties continued. Anno 1754.

By <i(h. per L. on Land, Anno 1754.

By Overplus of the Grants, Anno 1753.

Out of the Sinking Fund.

By Surplus of the Duty on Coals fmee iMdy-day 1719.

By Surplus of the Fund for Lottery 1714.

By Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors.

2,544,348 1

2,541,006 1 nj

Total Ways and Means. Total Services.

3,34i, 19 Overplus of Grants.

Memorandum: There is referred of the Exchequer Bills, to be raised on the Land Tax for clif-charging Arrears of former Supplies, the Sum of£. 17,406 18s. o\d. viz*

C ' d

For the late Marine Regiments ... 16,506 5

For the African Company’s Creditors - - 900 12 10

17,406 18 £.

00

o

w

o

0

9

This Account, stated in Obedience to his Majesty’s Commands, upon an Addrefe of this Honourable House, is humbly presented this 15th Day of 1755, by

OO

Cha. Lou

82 15° Januarii. A1755.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Strtbolomew A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, Vestry-Lomion, men, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint -Litr'd*8* tholomew the Great, London, whose Names are thereunto

°8' subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Inhabitants have been, by Custom, Time immemorial, exempt from several particular Laws and Customs of the City of London; and that the Vestrymen of the said Parish have had the Choice of Constables, Watchmen, and Scavengers, for the nightly Watch and cleansing the Streets within the said Parish; and have nude Rates towards defraying the Charges thereof; but that, for want of a proper Authority to enforce Payment of such Rates, several Persons charged therewith have refused to pay the same; which hath often rendered it impracticable to raise Money sufficient for those Purposes; and that Part of the said Parish is entirely without Lamps: And, as the said Inhabitants are not relieved or affeCied by the late Act for making Provision for enlightning the Streets of the said City, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadle, and cleansing and enlightening the Streets and Places within the said Parish, or that the House will grant such other Relief in the Premises as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Colebrooke, Sir John , Sir John Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Morrice, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ojley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Lee, Mr. , Mr.

neywood, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Gray, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Nicholas Bay ley, Mr. Mr.

Hammond, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Mr. Charlton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Richard Beckford, Mr. Alexander, Lord Dig by, Mr. Campbell, Sir WilloughbyMr. Northey, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fane, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Alderman William Beckford, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Lade, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Shelley, Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Harris, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hunt, Lord Mr.

Gore, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Wilson, Mr. , Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Gafliry, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Pop-ham-, and all the Members who serve for the City of London and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Sve of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Robtrtt* Mr. Phillipson reported from the Committee, to whom Name. the Bill to enable Wenman Coke, heretofore called Wenman Roberts Esquire, and his Issue Male, to take the surname of Coke only, pursuant to the Direction of the Will of Sir Edward Coke Baronet, deceased; and that the said Wenman Coke, and his Issue Male, may bear the Arms of the (aidSir Edward Coke was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House. without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Na(W« Mr. Bayntun reported from the Committee, to whom Nit. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick NuJJen, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had

15

directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’* Table.

A Petition of the Trustees, nominated and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead St. Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milbourne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dor, etand Somerset, to the Halfway House in the

Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and also of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living in, near, or usually travelling, the said Roads; was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That great Progress has been nude in repairing and widening the said Roads; but that the same cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept amended, unless Power be given for borrowing a further Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act; and setting forth, That the Road leading from Castleton Church, in or near Sherborne aforesaid, through Pinford Lane, and so on to the Stream of Water at the Back Part of the House of Thomas Medlycott Esquire, in Milbourne Port aforesaid; and from thence to the Ways at Mount Pleas ant, and near the Park Gate ot Walter, Esquire, in the County of Dorset-, and also another Road leading from the Toll at the End of Dog-house Lane, in or near, and through, Castleton aforesaid; and from thence by the Lord Digby’s Wall up Gainsborough Hill-, and also another Road from Henry Oakes Mill in Sherborne Aoxtiw), up Dancing Hill, and from thence up Gainsborough Hill aforesaid; and from the Top of Gainsborough Hill through the Parish of North Wootton, and from thence to the New-built House of the late James Hathway Clerk, deceased, in the Parish of Canndle,

in the said County of Dorset-, and also another Road lead-

ing from Newell Water in Sherborne aforesaid, up

Lane, and from thence straight on to Magna, in

the County of Somerset; and likewise from Stony Lane aforesaid to Htimmour, in the Parish of Trent, and to Mudford Bridge, in the said County of Somerset-, and likewise another Road leading fro in the Blackfmitli s Shop in the Town of Shaftesbury aforesaid, late in the Occupation of Charles Freke, to an House of Francis Seymour Esquire, in the Parish of East in the County of

Wilts-, are not comprised in, but are adjoining, or lie contiguous to, the Roads directed to be repaired and widened by the said Act, and are very ruinous, and, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are so bad, that Carriages cannot past without Danger: And therefore, in regard the said last mentioned Roads cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary CourseofLaw, and that Persons travel the said last mentioned Roads, in order to avoid the Payment of the Tolls granted by the said Act (which cannot be redressed without the Aid of Parliament), praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the faitl last mentioned Roads, and for the other Purposes before mentioned, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Digby, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Har Sir John Cust, Mr. Colleton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sir Thomas

Hales, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Let, Mr. Cayley, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mr.

Egerton, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Mr. Fane, Mr. Compton, Lord Bateman, Sir Mcr-

daunt, Mr. Edward Nugent, Mr. Gore, Mr.

C

Whirrfheet

Hill

Road.

a8 Geo. II. 15 0 januar83

Mr. Phillipson, Mr. CharltoMr. Mr. Campbell, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Gray, Mr. , Mr.

celles, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Sir Roger

New digate, Dr. Hay, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hay; and all the Members who l’erve for the Counties of Wilts, Dor-Jet, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

GcUeford A Petition of the Churchwardens and others, Parishion-

NewChurch. ers parish of the }in in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto set, being met together in Vestry, pursuant to due Notice given, the Seventh Day of January 1755, vAs presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That William Hammond, formerly of Guldeford aforesaid, Esquire, by Feoffment, dated the 5th Day of May 1573, with Livery and Seisin, conveyed to, and to the Use of, James Shaw, Henry

hurst, Maurice Abbott, John Smalpece, James Bedell, 'Thomas Smith, and Henry Bannifler, junior, their Heirs and Assigns for ever. Four Tenements or Messuages, with the Appurtenances, then or late in the several Tenures or Occupations of Johane Davy Widow, Hitches,

Richard Gurnard, Horner Widow, and Wil-

liam Weale, or their Assigns, situate and being in the Parish of the Holy Trinity in Guldeford aforesaid; and a Barn, then late in the Occupation of William Farley, situate and being in the said Parish; and a Garden, lying and being in the said Parish, opposite to the Free Grammar School of the Town of Guldeford aforesaid, and Two Acres of Land, lying and being in the common Field, called Stoke Field, in the Parish of Stoke, next Guldeford aforesaid, then in the Tenure or Occupation of Thomas Clmrcker, or his Assigns; on the Back of which Deed is written, " 15 Eliz. The Feoffment of the Houses and " Land belonging to Trinity Church in Guldeford, from " Mt. Hammond to the Town ;" and that the Garden has "been held, for 140 Years, at a Year, and is now

claimed to be held at that Rent for ever; and that the said Barn is supposed to have been converted into a Tenement; and further setting forth. That the said William Hammond, by his last Will in Writing, dated the Fourth Day of March 1574, and proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury the Seventh Day of May 1575, gave unto the Churchwardens of Trinity Parish in Guldeford his House next adjoining to the said Parish Church of Trinity, then in the Tenure and Occupation of his Cousin John Hammond and Richard Mar/yn, after the Decease of

zabeth his Wife, with his House, which was then in the Tenure and Occupation of one King, next above the other House, to the Uie and Reparations of Trinity Church in Guldeford; and especially for the repairing of Saint Nicholas Chancel in the said Church, where he willed his Body to be buried; and that Mr. Hammond was buried in Saint Nicholas Chancel, which was Part of Trinity Church j to whose Memory a Monument was there erected; and that in 1740, the Church fell down, and is now re-building upon the same Ground it formerly Hood, including the Ground whereon Saint Nicholas Chancel Hood; towards which, £. 467 collected by a Brief, has been expended; and that Mr. Hammond’s Monument will be taken care of; and alleging, that no Repairs can be wanting to the Church in many Years; and that the Parishioners, who, a few Years before the Church fell down, laid out between £.700 and ;£.8oo towards supporting the fame, are now in great Want of Money to pay for the building thereof;

and that the Churchwardens of the said Parish have been in Pofiession of the said Houses and Land, mentioned in Mr. Hammond's said Deed and Will, and of divers other Houses, Lands, Rents, and Annuities, in the said Parishes of the Holy Trinity in Guldeford, and Stoke next Guldeford, and in Receipt of the Rents and Incomes thereof, now amounting together to the Sum of £.53 ys. tod. a Year, for near Two hundred Years, with which the Church hath beenconstantly kept in Repair: And therefore, as the Purpose for which the Premises, in the said W ill mentioned, were chiefly given, cannot be answered,

-the Reparation of Saint Nicholas Chancel being intirely destroyed and demolished; and as the Church, being new-built, will not want much Repair for many Years, and as the Parishioners, who are to enjoy the Benefit as well of these as the said other Houses, Rents, and Annuities, are willing to forego the Advantages which may accrue to them thereby; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to fell the said Houses, Lands, Rents, and Annuities, and to apply the Money arising by Sale thereof, towards the completing of the new Building of the said Church.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Onslow, Mr. Oswald, Sip Conyers D’ Arcy, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mr. Hume,

Mr. Saluflbury, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Colleton, Sir John

Pkillipps, Captain Franklattd, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Swymmer, Mr.

Lord Malpas, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Gore,

Lord Downe, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Sir John Cuff,

Mr. Talbot, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Kent, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Amyand,

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Ongley, Lord Egmont, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Myddelton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, Southampton, and Berks :And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed. That Mr. Jennings, from Account* of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; Lottery,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the *nd House, pursuant to their Orders, Licence*.

An Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1755, of the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714, after Iatisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon: And also.

An Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1755, the Surplus of the Duty on Coals, Gnce 25 March 1719, after Iatisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon: And also,

An Account of the Monies that remained in flie Re* ceipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th Day Of January 1755, "Of the Surplus of the Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, after Iatisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were reatV The said Accounts are as followeth j viz.

Vol. 27.

African

Cempany.

84 15° Januarii. A. 1755

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1755, of the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714, after Satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon. __________

The Sum of Twenty-eight thousand Two hundred and One Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence;

£. s.

Out of Duty on Paper - - - -.....1*824 10 7I

Duty on Coals exported - - - _ - 8,811 3

Additional Duty on Soap ----- 28,503 15 5f

Income the 5th January 1755 ----- - - - 39,139 9 8

Charge at D*.

To satisfy the Annuity due to the Bank of England, at £.3 10 per Centum per , on the principal Sum of £.1,250,000, for One Quarter due the 5th January 1755 - - 10,937 10 —

Surplus at D* - -- -- 28,201 19 8

- Exchequer, the 15th Day of January 17$$. -

Robert Jennings.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 5th Day of January 1755, of the Surplus on the Duty on Coals since 25th March 1719, after satisfy ingall Charges and Incumbrances thereupon. __________

The Sum of Sixteen thousand Four hundred Ninety-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny;

d.

Income the 5th of January 1755 ----- - 47»H9 *7 lo»

Charge at D*.

To satisfy the Annuity due to the Bank of England, at £.3 10 per Centum per

on the principal Sum of £.1,750,000 for Haifa Year, due the 5th January 1755 - 30,625 — —

Surplus at D°

Exchequer, the 15th Day of January 1755.

Robert Jennings.

16,494 17 io£

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1755, of the Surplus of the Licences for retailingspirituous Liquors, afterfatisfyingall Charges and Incumbrances thereupon.

The Sum of Nineteen thousand Nine hundred Twenty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence;

£. s. d.

Income the 5th January 1755 - -- - 45,827 2 9

Charge at D*.

To satisfy the Annuity due to the Bank of England, at £.3 for. per Centum per,

on the principal Sum of £.986,800 for Three Quarters of a Year, due the 5th January >755 25,903 10 —

Surplus at D°. - - 19,923 12 9

Exchequer, the 15th Day of January 1755. -..... —

Robert Jennings.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to bp perused by*the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to

the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Conf.deration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have invested the whole Sum, granted for 1754, in Stores and Necessaries for the several Forts, and in Materials for rebuilding the Fort at vialoe-, which Sum is greatly insufficient for carrying on that necessary Work, and supporting the other Forts and Settlements on the Coast c& Afrand that the Fort at Annamaboe, when completed, will be of the greatest Importance for the Protection of the Trade of that Place, and, in Consequence thereof, the Trade of the whole Cold

Coefl, which the French have attempted at different times to encroach upon, and take from the and that the

Petitioners have already expended a much larger Sumthan has been granted for that Service: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Supplies for the Year 1755, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of what has been done towards erecting the Fort at Annamaboe, by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of York, whoseNamesare thereunto subscribed, waspresented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Road leading from Thitjk, over Skipton Bridge, and from thence through Baldersby to Baldersby ,adjoining

African

Forts.

Thirsk

to

Masham

Road.

28 Geo. II.

15 ° Januarii. 85

ing to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ripon, and through ' Ainderby, Quernhow, and N after field, by Well Flaskes Gate, to Masham, in the said County, is become so very ruinous, that Travellers cannot pals without great Danger; and that the livid Road cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be efietftually repaired, and kept in Repair; and further setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed by an A<St, passed in the 18th Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the high Road leading from roughbridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the River fees, and from thence through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of , have erected aToll-

house, and set up a Side Turnpike Gate at Bvfby Stobb, where the livid Road, leading from Thirji over Skipton Bridge aforesaid, crosses the said Turnpike Road leading from Boroughbridge to the City of Durham aforesaid; so

that Persons travelling the said Road from to Skip-

ton Bridge aforesaid, pay a 'Toll at the Side Gate for eroding the said Turnpike Road only ;and that the several Persons, who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls collected upon the fame, have consented that the Toll-House and TurnpikeGutes ttXBufby Stobb aforesaid shall be taken down, and let up at some other convenient Place in the said Road leading from Boroughbridge to the City of Durham aforesaid; and alleging, that the repairing of the said Road leading trom Yhirjk over Skipton Bridge aforesaid, by connecting Three great Northern Roads, will be beneficial to the Country in general: And thereforepray-ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for repairing the said Road leading from over Skipton

Bridge, through Balderfbyto adj oining to

Hutton Moor, in the Wav to d through

Hhiernhow, and Nefterfield, by Well Gate, to

Masham aforesaid, and for taking down the said Toil-house and Turnpike Gates at Busby Stobb aforesaid, and for ereiffing another Toil-house and Turnpike Gate at some other convenient Place in the said Road leading from Boroughbridge to the City of Durham aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Avail appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Conyers Arcy, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Downe, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Yonge, Lord Dig by, Mr. Yownshend, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Hardman, Mr. , Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Hay, Lord Dupplin, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lee, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Mr. Colebrooke, Dr. Hay, Captain Franklin, Sir John

Cust, Mr. Campbell, Mr. L Mr. Serjeant, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Stvymmer, Mr. A Mr.

bury, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Kork, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West more-land, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Whale A Petition of the Merchants, and others, concerned in PUbciy. the Whale Fishery, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made in the 6th Year of His present Majesty, a Bounty was granted of Twenty Shillings a Ton upon all Ships employed in catching of Whales in the Greenland and other Seas; but that few or no Ships being fitted out upon that Encouragement, a further Bounty of Ten Shillings per Ton was

Vol. 17.

granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty; and that this Addition to the Bounty being also found insufficient to a.nfwer the Purposes intended by the granting thereof, the same was, by an Act passed in the22d Year of His present Majesty, increased to 40^. per Ton, and was to have Continuance until the 25th Day of December 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and alleging, that, since the granting of this Bounty, a great many Ships have been fitted out from both Parts of the united Kingdom, and employed upon this Fishery with greater Success than could have been rcalonably expected in an Undertaking of so hazardous and difficult a Nature, and which was in a manner new to the Subjects of this Kingdom; and that many Ships have been fitted out for, and a great Number of BritiskSailors have been trained up in, this

Service, and several of our Manufacturers have been in-strufted, and are now constantly employed, in making the proper Utensils and Inllrunvents; and that if the Bounty is not further continued, many Persons will be deterred from engaging in this Trade, and those now concerned therein cannot possibly continue to carry it on against the superior Skill and Dexterity of the Dutch, acquired by their long Experience in.and almost foie Enjoyment of, this valuable and important Branch of Commerce ;but that if Provision was made to continue the Bounty for a further Term, under the present or such other Regulations as the House Avail think fit, it would give great Power to the Efforts of the Persons concerned, and greatly increase the Number of Adventurers; and that if a further Duty was Lidonall foreign Whaleboneimportcdinto this Kingdom, and no Drawback allowed upon the Exportation of the fame, it would be a great Benefit to this Trade, and prevent several Frauds, which otherwise may hereafter be committed: And therefore praying the House to take the Prenvtles into Confident on, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House Avail leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fuct contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Oswald, Mr. Hardman, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Dr. Hay, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Lee, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Lord Dupplin, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. James Grenville, L >rd Downe, Mr. Shelley, Sir Conyers D' Arcy,

Sir John Barnard, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Charles Yownjhend,

Mr. Sa/u(bury, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hunter, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Wft,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. C Sir George Lee, Mr. Moreton , Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hay, Mr. Eliot,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Not thy, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir John Cust, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. YownjMr. Gore, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Walter, Mr.

Rozvnty, Mr. Swymmer, Mr. Lyt, Mr. Cocks, the ' Marquis of Granby, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Dicker, Mr.

Egerton; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members who serve for the Sea Port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Eive of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War prefen ted to the House, pursuant Army

to their Address to his Majesty, Extras.

An Account of extraoidmary Services incurred in the Year 1754, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as fohoweih , viz.

Z An

86

150 Januarii. J. 1755.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1754, not provided for by Parliament.

To Major Caufield for the Expences of carrying on the new Roads in North Britain 9,493 8 8

To Ditto, for repairing the old Roads and Bridges there - 500-----

To Colonel Watson, Deputy Quarter-master General in North Britain, in Advance,

to carry on his Survey in the Highlands ----- 1,500 — —

To his extraordinary Pay as Deputy Quarter-master General in North from

25th December 1752, to 24th December 1753 - - - 91 5 -

To the Pay of his Assistants for that time - - - 146-----

To Lazvrence Dundas Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Commiftary of Stores in North

Britain, to the 24th December 1753 - 18210 —

To Ditto, in full Satisfaction of the Balance due to him as late Commiftary of

Forage and Provision, IBc. for the British and H Troops in North Britain, during the late Rebellion - -- 3,823 16 4

To Mr. Robert Gardiner, for Necessaries furnished by him for the Encampments at Fort George, Anno 1753, pursuant to General Chur chip's and General Bland's

Orders.....----- 2,343 to 5

To Ditto, for Fire and Candle furnished by him to the Forces in Garrison at Fort

William and CaJlleDuart, from 25th December 1752, to 5th July 1753 - - 61415 7

To One Year’s Fire and Candle furnished by the Barrack-master General in North Britain to fe-veralGarrilons in the Highlands, to the 24th December 1753 -

To General Bland, for so much expended by him for his Majesty’s Service in North Britain To satisfy the Contractors for supplying the Forccs at Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the id.

per Man per Week {topped from the Regiments there, pursuant to Contraft -To his Majesty’s Proportion of the Expence of Coals furnished to the Garrison of Gibraltar To the Contractors for victualling Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made, and to be made, to complete that Service, as well for Victualling as for Insurance, and all incidental Charges, to 24th December 1754 -

To Chavncey Tcivnshend Esquire, for supplying the Detachments of Artillery in Newfoundland

with Provisions for One Year, from Midsummer 1753, to 1754, by way of Imprest,

and upon Account -

To Matthew Woodford Esquire, to complete t,666 /. the Value of Provisions supplied by him to the New England Auxiliaries and Recruits lent to Annapolis, from time to time, during the late War, as well as to Colonel Hopfon'sRegiment in that Garrison

To Benjamin Martin, for Provisions delivered for the Use of Two Detachments under the Command of Captain DemereandCaptain UieuttnantCadogan at Frederica and Fort

Augujla, from 25th jfune1753* to the 24th December following — - - 113 12 9

To Ditto, for the Wages, Provisions, and Repairs, and for the Use of the Prince George Scout Boat employed in transporting Detachments from the Independent Companies in South Carolina and Georgia, from 28th May 1753, to 27th November following - - - -177 86

To M r. Gamier, for Medicines, Materials, and Utensils, provided by him for the Use of the Forces ordered to the Eafl Indies, and for Two double Chests of Medicines, Materials, for General

Hujke's Regiment at Minorca, and General P Regiment at Gibraltar -

To Grass Money to 114 Horles of Sir Charles Howard's Dragoons - - 299 5 —

To Ditto — to 58 Ditto of General Cholmondeley'% Dragoons - 152 5 —

To Ditto — to 90 Ditto of General Hawley's Dragoons - - - - 236 5 —

To Ditto — - to 45 Ditto of Lord Tyrawley's Dragoons - - - - 1282 —

To Ditto — to 90 Ditto of Lord Ancram's Dragoons - 236 5 —

To Colonel Alder cron, on Account of Contingencies onan Expedition to the East Indies - -- - 2,000 — —

For Baggage Horses to the Officers of Colonel Aldercron's Regiment ordered to the East Indies - - 180 — —

For Bas Horses to Ditto - - - no — —

For Arms, Tents, iBc. for the said Regiment -----8464

For Camp Necessaries for Ditto - - ----- - 446 1 6

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishments of Colonel s Regiment, from 25th December 1753, to 24th December 1754 -

To Ditto, for Col. Aldercron's Regiment, from 23d March 1754, to Ditto -To Mr. Hanbury, for so much prepared by him in Specie, to be sent over to Robert Dinwiddle Esquire, to be applied towards the Payment and Provision of the Forces employed, or to be employed, in the Defence of his Majesty’s Colonies on the River Ohio, or for any Gratuity which the said Robert Dinwiddle may think necessary to be given to the Indians - - ----- 10,000 — —

To Camp Necessaries for the following Regiments ordered to North America viz.

Sir Peter Ilalkett's Regiment ——

Colonel Dunbar’s Regiment -

Colonel Shirley's Regiment - -

Sir William Pepper ell's Regiment -

404 3 —

434 3

548 12 9

548 12 9

*- " 9>993 8 8

i»737 5 —

4,006 6 4

2*958 6 —

1,289 16 5

3°o — —

2,275-----7

1,001 1 6

4,005 8 1

976 7 6

4*5 *8 7

291 1 3

488 13 5

1,042 2 6

2,820 7 to 896 -

5>°54 5 5

To

a8 Gf.o. II.

14° Januarii.

To Baggage Horses for the Officers of the said Regiments, at 180 /. each Regiment To Bas Horl'cs for Ditto, at 110/. each Regiment -To ico Day? Forage Money for D*, at 195 /. each Regiment To 92 Days Pay of the Field, Staff, and other Commission Officers, of Colonel Shirley's and Sir William Pepper ell's Regiments, from 24th September to 24th

December 1754 -

To Mr. Napier, Director of the Hospital in the Expedition under General Braddock, for divers Necessaries provided by him for the Use and Support of the Sick Men in the said Hospital -

To Major General Brad dock, foj the contingent Uses of the Forces going under his Command on an Expedition to North America For Levy Money for 100 private Men draughted from Colonel Regiment of Foot, and incorporated into Sir Peter Halkett’s Regiment of Foot, at 3 /. a Man ——

For Levy Money for 100 private Men draughted from Lord s Regiment of Foot, and incorporated into Colonel Dunbar's Regiment of Foot, at the same Rate ——

War Office, 15* Jamtarii 1755.

87

H.Fox.

740 — — £ t> d.

440

780 — — ,

2,611 54

1,648 2 8

2,000

300

300

20,704 19 6

i. 60,254 8 —

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Lanncefton A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Bo-

W°2£°ale' rough of Dunheved, otherwise Launcejion, in the County ' of Cornwall, on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the Parish of S Mary Magdalen, within the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That if a Workhouse was erected within the said Borough and Parish, for maintaining and employing the Poor thereof, it would save many of them from Ruin, and make them ufefu! to the Public; and setting forth, That the Mayor and Commonalty of the said Borough are possefiedof ah uncultivated Common, called Scarne, which they are desirous may be let or fold; and that the Rents and Profits t hereof may be appli. d for the Maintenance of their Poor, if a Workhouse is erected for the Purposes aforesaid; and further setting forth. That by Letters Patent dated the 15th of February, in the Second and Third Years of Philip and Mary, and the 23d of July, in the 34th Year of King Charles the Second, the said Corporation are impowered to hold Two General Sessions before the Mayor and Two Justices of the said Borough, within One Month after Easterand Michaelmas yearly; which has been found inefficient for the Management and Government of the said Corporation: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such othe r Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Morrice, Lord Dupplin, Sir George Lee, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. , Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Elliot, Mr. S/oper, Mr. Lee, Sir Irby, Colonel Honeywood, Mr , Sir Thomas Hales, Mr

Hunter, Mr Fellowes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Med/ycott, Mr. Hay, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Phil/ipps, Mr.

Grenville, Sir John Ihjhout, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Caicy, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Sir

Willoughby AJion, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bright, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Colonel Griffin,

Lord John Murray, Mr. Mr. Shelley, Sir Nicholas

Bayley, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Mr. Alderman

Baker, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Ycnge, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Grosvenor; and all the Members vhoierve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and

merfet: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Monopo’.iting A Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmers, and of !>r;<rcj) ami other Persons, Breeders and Feeders of Sheep, in the Lm.bs. County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read;

Vol. 27.

reciting, That by an Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of King Edward the Sixth, it was enacted, That no Person , should buy any Sheep or Lambs, and fell themagain alive, unless such Person should keep and feed the same so the Space of Five Weeks in his own House or Ground, or in such Ground where he should have Herbage or Common of Pasture by Grant or Prescription, under a Penalty by the said Act inflicted; and setting forth, That, of late Years, the said Act hath been evaded by certain Persons, commonly called Jobbers, who have, for their own private Emolument, in a great Degree, monopolized the Sheep and Lambs in the said County; whereby the Breed of Sheep hath been greatly injured, and the Price of Sheep and Lambs considerably enhanced; And therefore praying the House to take this Grievance into Consideration, and to grant such Relief to the Petitioners as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vyn Mr. Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Charlton, Mr. TMr. Town-

field, Mr. Gore, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Lord Downe, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gafhry, Sir John PhillippMr. West, Mr.

Amyand, Mr. More, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sergifon, Mr.

Oswald, Mr. Compton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Elliot, Captain Frank land, Dr. Hay, Mr. Nor they, Mr Mr.

Morton, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Egmont, Sir Roger Newdi-gate. Sir Francis Drake, S r John Rushout, Sir John Cust, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. SwMr Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hanbury, Sir Wilioughby AJion,

Mr. Lee, Mr. Nugent, Mr, Bayntun, Mr. Lowndes,

Sir William Irby, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Charles Townfield, Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Morrice, Sir Charles Sir John

Turner, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Grey,

Lord Harley; and all the Members who serve for 1 he Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham, Norfolk, and

Efj'ex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execu- Edinburgh tion an Act of Parliament, passed in the 24th Year of Ffis Roads? present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; fettir.gforth, That, by the said Act, several Tolls were granted for repairing 2nd widening the said Roads, which were to have Continuance from the ifl of August 1751, for the Term of a I Years; and that, at the time of passing the said Act, the said Roads were in a very ruinous Condition, and the Petitioners

150 Jartuariu 1755

titionersborrowed several Sumsof Money; which, together with rbe Tolls collected, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act; but that the Tolls annually received upon the said Roads do not raise a Sum sufficient to finish the Reparation thereof; and that the same cannot be completed, unless the Tolls granted by the said Act be augmented, and the Term and Powerstherein contained be enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the above-mentioned Act, and for augmenting the Tolls, and enlarging the Term and Powers thereby granted, for such time, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hi all appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Salufb, Mr, T*Sir

John Rushout, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hard-in^e, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. IVed, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Vyner, Mr. SandyMr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Northey, Mr. Page, Mr. Mr.

Powney, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gore, Mr. , Mr. Af-

fleck, Sir John Phillipps, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Thornhagh; and all the Members who fei ve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Merchants, Owners and Makers of Ships, and Pilots, whole Names are thereunto lub-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made in the 2zd Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, certain Duties on Shipping were granted, and Trustees were thereby appointed, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbourof; and

alleging, that, from the Works carried on under the Direction of the said Trustees for some time, the Petitioners had great Reason to hope that a safe and convenient Harbour would be made at Ramsgate, for the Reception of Ships and Vessels; but that, in or about December, 1753, the said Trustees resolved to alter and contract the said Harbour; and, during the last Summer, such Works were carried on towards altering and contracting the said Harbour, as if further proceeded in and finished, according to the said Resoluiion of the said Trustees, will render the said Harbour in a great measure useless, and the Expence thereof, in the Apprenension of the Petitioners, a Loss to the Public; and further alleging, that a safe, commodious, and useful Harbour may be made at Ramsgate: And therefore praying the House to take into Confiueration this Matter, and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Frankland, Mr. Vyner, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Colleton, Lord Egmont, Mr. Bayntun, Alderman Baker, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Gore, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Mr. Beckford, Mr.

Nugent, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Cooke, Lord Dupplin, Mr. George Townshend, Sir Conyers D" Arcy, Mr. Chauncy

Townshend, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Caley, Mr. Prowse, Sir Cordel Fir Sir John Citfl, Sir George Lee, Mr. Lfller, LorJ Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Affleck, Sir John P-ujhout, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Compton, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. IVdkinson, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Francis , Mr. Salufbury,

Mr. Bagot, Mr. Crowle, Sir Beauchamp ProSlor,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Ba/hurst, Mr. George Colebrooke, Mr. Porter, Sir George Dalflon, Colonel Mr. Jones,

15

Mr. William Pitt, Sir Edward Hawke, Sir,

Mr. Bacon, Captain Dennis, Mr. Scot, Mr. , Sir

John Phillipps, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. George Townshend, Captain Saunders, Admiral

Griffin, Sir William Rowley-, an J all the Merchants of

the House; and all the Members who serve for the Sea Port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of tIre Provcft, Magistrafes and Council, of the City of Edinburg!:, on bJiaif of themselves, and of the Community of the Lid City; and ail') of the Co missioners appointed to put in Executional A cl, passed in the 2 7 th Ytar oft he Reign of Hisprdent Majesty.inti ruled, An Ad for impioving and enlarging: he Harbour of , and to impower the Trustees therein mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose, and for eroding Docks, and oilier Convenicncies, on the Sides thereof; wasureiented to the House, and real; alkdging, That the/.2,000 provided by the said Act to he paid oat of the Revenue of the City of Edinburgh, added to the voluntary Contributions, will be infuftic.cnt to defray the Expence of the Purchases necessary to be made before-the Commissioners can enter upon the Improvement of the said Harbour; lo thatafmall Duty ufTonnacre on allSiiinpin^enter! i<i into

y # o 1 o o

the said Hob our, will be necefla v to complete the said Work; and that llveral further Powers are n.-ceflary to be vested in the said ConimiQoners, particularly a Po ser of pare baling Landsand Tenements not included in the late Ad; and further alleging, that the Inhabitants of the fi.id City are at present in great Want of fivfh Water, which might easily be conveyed to the said City from several Springs in the Neighbourhood thereof; hut that such Undertaking cannot be carried into Execution, nor can Satisfaction be made to the Owners or Proprietors of such Springs, and likewise to the Persons through whole Grounds any Pipes should be laid, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted to the said Commissioners by the said Act of the 27th Year of His present Mapfty; and likewise for supplying the said City with fresh and wholesome Water, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Cderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alexander, Mr. Colleton, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Lee, Mr. West, Sir John Phil-lippsy Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr. Grenville* Mr.

Hardman, Mr. Hay, Sir Jch.i Cujt, Sir Francis Poo/e, Mr. Wilkhifon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Gybbon* Lord Dupplh1^ Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ofivv’d, Mr. B Adder, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Kynoston, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Gray, Mr. Amcot/s, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Pottery Mr. Crcivle, Mr. Affleck, Sir George Dal/frx; and all the Members who Lrve for Ahuh Britain: And they are to4meet this Afternoon at Five of the Ctcck, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per* fons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Traders, and others, Inhabitants of the several Towns of Manchester, Rochdale, and Bury, and Places adjacent, in tire County of Lattcaster, whole Names a’*e there* unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; tutting forth, That the Road leading from the said Town of Mancheder to a Place in the Townihio of Criimpful, in the Parish of Manchester, called the White Smithy, and from thence to the said Town of Rich da ’e; and also the Road leading from the said IVhiU Smithy to a Pirn e in Pilkington in the said County, called Brfjrs of the Bam, and from theuce to the said Town of Bury , and a'so the Road leading from Beffes of the Burn to Radc/ijpe Bridge,

in

T.e'th Hi) boar#

Mancheftrr#

i*. w.

Road.

Frirtol

Nightly

Witch.

Whale

Fishery.

28 Geo. II. it 0 Januarii.89

in the said County ;are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow and incommodious; and that the tame cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in l’uch manner as to the House shall seem meet:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Hardman, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Nugent, Lord Downe, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Martin, Mr. Salujbv.ry, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Hardings, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lee, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Tozvnffield, Mr. Oswald, Lord Egmont, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Fane, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Kent, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bayntnn, Mr. Cko/motideley, Mr.

Charles Tozvnffield, Colonel Griffin; and all the Members

who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Westmorland, Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, arid Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the Laws now in Force, there is no effectual Provision for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the said City: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Con-f deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Nugent, Mr. Alderman chard Beckford, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fane, Mr. Charlton, Lord Barrington, Mr. Charles Tozvnffield, Mr. IVeff, Mr. Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Edward Nugent, Mr. Champion, Mr. Colleton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Lee, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Onslow, Sir Youge, Mr.

Talbot, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Cooke, Lord Royston, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Cole brooks, Mr.

Sir WilloughbyAffon, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Wilies, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Poivney, Mr. Moreton, Sir John Barnard, Sir Wm.

Beauchamp ProElor, Sir George Lee, Mr. , Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Sa Mr. Mr. Pitt,

Kit. Alexander, Mr Jones, Mr. Vi I Hers, Mr. Montagu; and all the Members who serve for the City of Bristol, and Counties of Gloucester and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition cf Thomas Hood, James Manbey, and Leonard

Bowles, of London, Merchants, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners fitted outlast Spring Three Ships from the Port of London for the Whale Fishery in the Greenland Seas, agreeable in every respect to the several Acts of Parliament made for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery; that is to (ay, the Elizabeth, and Mary, Francis Moore Matter, One of the said Ships, was fitted out by the Petitioner Th Hood-, the Mary, Jefper Herfenberg Matter, another of the said Ships, was fitted out by the Petitioner James Manbey; and the Argus, John Gelston Matter, the other of the said Ships, was fitted out by the Petitioner Leonard Bowles-, and that the fiiid Three Ships were surveyed by the proper Officers of his Majesty’s Customs, and a proper Certificate given, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s

Vol. 27.

Customs, and Bonds executed by the Owners and Matter of each Ship for Treble the Bounty; and Oath was also made by the Petitioners, that the said Ships were to proceed directly for those Seas, for the Bufinets of the Whale Fishery only, arid on no other Account whatsoever; and that thereupon a Licence was granted by the said Commissioners for that Purpose; and the said Three Ships were cleared out of his Majesty’s Custom-house in London the Beginning of April last, and proceeded directly for the Greenland Seas, and arrived there the Beginning of May following; and that the said Ships, in endeavouring to kill Whales in those Seas, and execute the Purport of their Voyages, were unfortunately and unavoidably loft, with Three large Whales on Board, and the Crews of the said Ships with much Difficulty taved their Lives; and that as the Bounty granted by the said Acts, to enable his Majesty’s Subjects to fit out Ships for this Fishery, is directed to be paid at the Return of the Ships, the Petitioners are by this Misfortune, wholly deprived of the said Bounty, without the Aid and Assistance of the House; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the Owners of Ships, which were sent to Sea in the Manner required by the said Acts, but unavoidably perished, to the great Lois of such Owners, in attempting to carry into Execution the Intention of the Legislature, will be deemed equally defending of the Encouragement given by the said Acts, with the Owners of Ships which have made prolperous and successful Voyages: And therefore praying the House to take the unhappy same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Belchier, Sir John Phillipps, Mr. Fane, Sir John Barnard, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Lee, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Air. Northey, Air.

Hardinge, Mr. Egerton, M. Fellowes, Mr. Colleton, Sir Willoughby Affon, Mr. Gray, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hay, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lyffer, Sir Roger * digate, Mr. Kynaston, Sir William Beauchamp , Mf.

Lowndes, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bathurff, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Dalston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hanbury, Air, Wilkinfsn, Mr. Shelley, Doctor Hay, Mr. Rowney,

Mr. Tozvnffield, Mr. Ellis, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr.

Prozvfe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Med/ycott, Mr. Aldworth,. Mr.

Pelham, Air: Foley, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Grenville, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Page, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Amy and Air. Affleck, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Cltauncy Townfftend, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Curzon, Sir Charles Mordaunt: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Prisoners, whoseNamesare thereunto subscribed, confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol at Lincoln, in behalf of themselves, and all other insolvent Debtors, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, retiding in or near the several Towns, Villages, and Roads, therein after-mentioned, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Roads leading from Epsom through to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames Ditton -, and also from Reigate to Sutton, in the County of Surrey -, are, in several Places, very narrow and incommodious, and in a very ruinous Condition, occasioned by the many heavy Carriages continually passing through the

A a famei

Debtors

Petitions.

Epsom, lrc. Roads.

Settler

&c.

.Nat.

Brown’s

Lane,

&c.

Road;

90 r.§° Januarii. 1755-

fame; the Number of which is greatly increased since the them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his late Act for the Use of broad Wheels took place, by rea- Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s son that many, who formerly travelled by other Ways, do Table: W here the same was read; and is as followed); now, to avoid being (lopped at the Turnpikes thereon, viz.

chuse to go a considerable Way about, to find a Passage In support of the Allegations of the said Petition, through the Epsom and Reigate Roads, where they meet William Webster, Surveyor, said, That the several

with no Obstruction; by which Means, the said Roads Roads, mentioned in the Petition, are veiy ruinous and are likely to become soon totally impassable, if not timely bad, in many Places extremely narrow, and cannot be prevented; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually effectually widened and repaired by the Laws now in amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being.

being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given Richard Esquire, confirmed the foregoing Evi-to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping dence.

in Repair, the Roads from Epsom through Ewell to Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames, and repairing, amending, and widening, the Road leading from Thames Dittou, and also from Reigateto Sutton, in the the North End of on

County of Surrey, in such Manner as to the House shall tnon, in the Parish of Great Stoughton, in the County of seem meet. Huntingdon, through the Town of Kimbolton, in the said

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- County; and through the several Parishes of Kim bolter., sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Tilbrook, Lower Dean, Skelton, anti

Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to ChelJ'ton cum Caldecot, in the Counties of Huntingdon, them, to the House: ford, and Northampton, to Higham Ferrers; and through

And it is referred to Mr. Bekhier, Mr. Onslow, Mr. the Parishes of Higham Ferrers, and in

Vyner, Mr. West, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. the said County of Northampton, to the Post in Ir-

Gorc, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Gajhry, Mx. Prowse, Mr. Alderman chester Field, near to the South End of Wellingborough Baker, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Bridge, in the said County of Northampton; and the Symmons, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Road leading from the common Pound (landing on a Charles Mordaunl, Mr. Szvymmer, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Ky- Place called the Butts, in the Parish of Kimbolton afore-naston, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Bacon, said, through the Parishes of Kimbolton and Tilbrook a fore- Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, said, and Great Catworth, in the said County of Mr. Cocks, Mr. Walter, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Hardman, Sir don, to the Way Post in Catworth Field, near John Cust, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Wilkinson, ton Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon: And that Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Gower, Mr. Lane, blr. Sir John Cust and Mr. Fellowes do prepare, and bring in,

Salufmy , and all the Members who serve for the Coun- the fame, ties of Surrey, Sujj'ex, and Kent; and for the Cinque

Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of Mr. John Pitt, from the Commissioners for Trade and the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Order,

Estimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining A Petition of Otto EtvaldSetler and Albert Mahlflede, the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, Scotia, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That for the Year 1755.

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturali- Mr. John Pitt also reported from the said Commission-zation. " ers for Trade and Plantations, That the Order of this

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ac- House, made upon Monday lad, " That there be laid be-

cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that " fore this House, an Account of the Money paid, and Mr. Kynnfton, Rear Admiral Bofcawen, Sir John Phi- " Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the lipps, and Mr. Swymmer, do prepare, and bring in, the " Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia,

fame. " from the 1 ft of January 17 5+, to the 3i ll of December

" following," cannot at present be complied with, by Sir John Cv.fl reported from the Committee, to whom reason the proper Officers in the said Colony have not the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freehold- transmitted any Accounts of the Expenditure, or any ers, of the Counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, and North- Vouchers for the Payment, of Money, for the Year 1754, amplon, and likewise of sundry of the principal Inhabit- lower down than to the 30th of June last; but that, as ants and Tradesmen of the Towns of St. Neots, Kimbolton, soon as the Accounts and Vouchers are received, which Higham Ferrers, and Wellingborough, in the said Counties are daily expected, the Account will be made up with all of Huntingdon and Northampton, was referred, That the possible Dispatch, and laid before the House.

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; The Title of the said Estimate was read,

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to The said Estimate is as followed!;

ESTIMATE of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of

Nova Scotia, for the Year 1755.

To victualling 100 Settlers for 52 Weeks, 500 for 16 Weeks, and 1,500 for 26 Weeks, at 3

per Person per Diem -.....-----

To 4 d.per Man per Diem to the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men in Colonel Warburton's and Colonel Hopfon'sRegiments of Foot, confiding of 1,562 Men, to replace to them a Deduction of so much made from their Pay for Provisions -To victualling Colonel Lascelles's Regiment of Foot, confiding of 404 Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, and One Company of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 107 Men, at 6d. per Man per Diem -

To the Pay, Victualling, Cloathing, Recruiting, and other contingent Expences attending One Company of Rangers, confiding of 117 Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and private Men -

C-

4»949 9 7

9-5°2 3 4

4,662 17 6

2,786 15 to| To

a8 Geo. II. 150 — 160 Ja 9

To the Seamen’s Wages, Stores, Provisions, Repairs, and other incidental Expences of Four armed Vessels, and a Pilot Schooner, employed in the Service of the Colony -To the Salaries of Civil Officers, Surgeons, &c. in the Service of the Colony -To repairing and completing the public Works and Buildings, and erecting fuc’n new ones as are immediately necessary for the Security and Convenience or the Colony -

To Stores and Materials, the Wages of Artificers and Labourers, Allowance of Rum, Mobiles, and Fire Wood, to the several Forts and Garrisons, and other incidental Expences

£ s. d.

2,811 *9

3.420 0 6

5>o83 8 1

7,201 13 5

40,418 7 8

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Haflsmere Ordered, That the Order, made by the Committee of aiedtion. Privileges and Elections, upon Monday the 18th Day of Novemberlaft, for hearing, this Day, the Matter of the Petition of Peter Burrell Esquire, and also the Matter of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants and legal Voters of the Borough of Haslemere in the County of Surrey, in behalf of themselves, and others, also Inhabitants and legal Voters of the said Borough; and also the Matter of the Petition of James Oglethorpe Esquire, Lieutenant General in his Majesty’s Forces; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matters of the said Petitions upon Monday next.

Stratton-, within the several Counties of Cambridge, and Bedford.

Ordered, That Sir John Cujl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 16* die Januarii;

An no 28° Georgii ID'1 Regis, 1755.

Appleby Ordered, That the Order, made upon Monday the 25th Election. Hay of November last, for hearing at the Bar of this House, upon ‘tuesday next, the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Ramsden Baronet, and Fletcher Norton Esquire, and also the Matter of the Petition of several Burgesses of the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmorland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Friday the 7th Day of February next.

Blorttnriej in C better 1 Archdca-

1 conry.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for taking away Mortuaries in the Archdeaconry of ter, and giving a llecompence therefore to the Bishop of Chester., as Archdeacon of Chester, who holds and enjoys the said Archdeaconry in Right of his See, was read the First time.

The House was removed. That an Act, made in the 21 ft Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, Where Mortuaries ought to be paid, for what Persons, and how much, and in what same none is due, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Ramsey, through Bury, and over Bury Bridge; and through the several Towns of Warboys. Old Hurfl, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltiftley, by Warejly, and through

the Towns of Gamlingay and Potton, to a House called the Spread Eagle in Stratton; within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge and Bedford; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of Hun, through Warboys, Old Hurjf, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltijley, WareJly, Gamlingay and Potton, to a House cal led the Spread Eagle in VoL. 27.

PlAtERS.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

The House being informed, that One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council aflfem-bled.

And he being withdrawn;

The said Petition was brought up1, and read; setting forth, That King Edward the Sixth, by his Royal Charter, in the Year 1551, did, among other things, grant unto the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, that they, and their Successors, ftfould have, within the Lordship and Manor of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, One Market or Markets, to be there holden, and all things which to a Market do appertain, forever; and that by an Act, made in the 29th Year of King Charles the Second, it was enacted, That the said Market should continue and be kept in the feme Place where it had been antiently, and was, at the time of making the said Act, kept; and that the said Market should not be kept in, or removed to, any other Place whatsoever; and further setting forth, That the Street where the said Market antiently was, and still continues to be kept, joins to London Bridge, and is the common Street and Passage, and a great Thoroughfare for all Carriages and Cattle continually passing to and from the Counties of Surrey, Kent and; which Street, by means of the said Market, and the great number of Carts, Stalls, Sheds, and Stands, and other Nuifences, placed and set up in and about the fame, is greatly obstructed; and that the Petitioners, who are intitled to the Profits arising by the said Market, are willing to give up the feme, for the Convenience and Accommodation of the Public: And therefore, foraftnuch as the said Market cannot be removed without the Authority of Parliament, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Petitioners to remove the said Market, and the Nuisances occasioned thereby.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir John Barnard, Sir John lipps, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Hardman, Sir Ro-

ber

S«ppl/J

Committees*

Southwark

Market.

'9'2 I 6Q Jatiuarii.

' bert. Ladbt coke. General Onslow, Mr. Alderman Bet hell.

Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Al-d. rnwn For ter, Mr. Alderman Richard Beckford, Mr. Hardings, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir John Mr. Alderman Fhidyer, Mr. Bay Colonel Griffin, Mr. Ba-

con, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Med/ycott, Sir Comers D'Any> Mr. Townfttend, Mr. Curton, Mr.

Mr. Crowle, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Northey, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Prowse, Sir Roger Ne Sir Charles Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lyfer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Cadcgan, Mr. Mr. Chester, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Mr. Aldvoorth,

Mr. Dawkins, Mr Bankes, Colonel S/anwix, Mr. Barry Lord George Manners, Mr. , Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Walpole-, and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counti.-s of sex, Surrey, Kent, and Svffiex; and for the Cinque Ports: v And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fremeaux’* A Petition of James Fremeaux, Merchant, a naturalized Nat.. Subject of Great Britain, and Margaret Fremeaux his Wife,

a natural-born Subject of Great Britain, for and on the bell a, If of Peter John Fremeaux their only Son, Adriana Jlar.tiaFremeaux, Elizabeth Fremeaux, Maria Fremeaux, and Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux, their Four Daughters, who are all Infants, was presented to the House, and read; reciting a Clause in the Will of Thomas Cooke, late of Newington, in the County of En-

quire, whereby he devised Part of his Estate in the County of Northampton, after the Death of his Wife, to his Niece Margaret Fremeaux, of Am Her dam, for her Life; and, after her Death, to her eldest Son; and, in case of his Death without Heir Male, to her Second Son; and so on to her Third, Fourth Son, and their Heirs forever; and setting forth, That the said Peter John Fremeaux, Adriana Constantia Fremeaux, Elizabeth Fremeaux, Maria Catharina Fremeaux, and Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux, the Infants, were born out of the Allegiance of Great Britain before the Naturalization of the Petitioner their Father; but have been constantly educated in the Principles of the true Protestant Religion; and that if, by the Decease of the Widow of the said Thomas Cooke, and of the Petitioner the said

garet Fremeaux, the Children of the Petitioners iliouid become intitled to the Estates devised to them by the Will of the said Thomas Cooke, as aforesaid; nevertheless, it might be doubtful whether they could hold and enjoy the said Estates for their own Use and Benefit, without being naturalized by Parliament: And therefore praying, Th it Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for naturalizing the said Peter John Fremeaux, Adriana Fremeaux, Elizabeth Fremeaux, Maria Catharina Fremeaux, and Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Nufen’» An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Nat. naturalizing Frederick Nuffien, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

g.,mp A Petition and Representation of the Trustees and Com-Crof* missioners, amongst others, for putting in Execution an Road. Act of the 15th of his present Majesty, for repairing the

Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge -, for continuing the Powers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament; one for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge-, another for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge-, and the Third for explaining amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts, and for enlarging the Terms granted thereby; was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, by the Decay of the Tolls arising under the said Act for 19

repairing the Road from Stump Cross aforesaid to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, sufficient Money cannot be raised for discharging the Imcrcli clue for the Monies borrowed for making the said Road, and for repairing, and continuing the same in Repair, without a further Enlargement of the Term granted by the said Act, and such further Relief, in regard to the Tolis appointed to be raised under the said Act, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution so much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, fot continuing the Powers granted by Three several Acts; One for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge; another for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Dam-bridge-, and the Third for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts, and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts, as relates to the Road from Foulmire to;

was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as are mentioned in the preceding Petition; and further alleging, that several Parts of the said Roads are, at some Seal'ons of the Year, in a ruinous Condition; and that it will be for the Benefit of the said County, if the Powers veiled by the said Acts be extended to some otlaer Roads adjoining to the Roads comprehended therein;and that the Money now owing on the Credit of the said Acts cannot be repaid, and the Roads aforesaideffectually amended, and kept in good Repair for the future, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose: And thereto: e praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bid lor enlarging the Terms and Powers, and for increasing the Tolls and Duties, granted by the said former Acts, for such time, and in such manner, as to the House lh.il 1 leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration ofa Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Lord Royston, Mr. Cocks, Lord

Dupplin, Mr. Med/ycot, Mr. Lord Robert Sut-

ton, Sir William Middleton, Mr. Eger ten, Mr.

Sir John Cv.Jl, the Marquis of Granby, Mr IVi Mr.

Charles Yorke, Sir John Mor daunt,.\|r. Bayntun, Mr. Nu-

gent, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Towr.shend, Sir John PhillippMr. Webb, Mr. A lore Sir John Wynne, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mr. Anfott,

Mr. Cartzvright, Mr. Riartin, Mr. Barber, Colonel Stan-wix, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. OfwalSir Robert Ladbrooke, Mr. Northey, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Shelley, Mr.

Mr. Myddleton, Colonel Griffin-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge,

Norfolk, Suffolk, Hertford, and Essex And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Christopher /Jcve/ Esquire, formerly called

Chtiflopher Souljby, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That John Reed of in the County of Northumberland, Esquire, by his ’all Will and Tefia-ment, devised all his Estates to the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, subject to the Payment of certain Annuities and Legacies in the said Will mentioned ;and directed, that the Petitioner, and his Heirs, should take upon him and themselves the Surname of Reed; and that the Petitioner, ftnee the Death of the said John Reed, hath taken upon himself, andufed, the Surname of Reed, and is desirous that the same may be confirmed on him, and his Heirs; and that they may be enabled to bear the Arms of Reed by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpol'es aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

William

Stump

Croft

Road.

Sr-ulfbv’i

Name#

iirnp

rot

Oid.

\a>

4.8 Geo. if; i66 Jan

IVtUiam Middleton and Mr. Wilkinson do prepare, and bring in, tiic lame.

StssfrM’s A Petition of Robert Stanfield of Bradford\ in the County of Tors:y Inquire, William Stanfield, Thomas

Enr.es. StanfiAd, of the same Place, Gentlemen, Richard Gilpn Sazcrey of Horten, in the said County, Esquire, and Faith Lis w ite, and Ann Stanfield of Bradford aforesaid, Spm-fter, was presented to the House, and read; fating forth. That Robert Stanfield, late of Bradford aforesaid. Gentleman, deceased, late Father of the Petitioner* Ro: fort, William, Thomas, Faith, and Ann, did, by his last Will and Tcfiament, deviie the several Estates in the said Will mentioned, filuate and being in Bradj'otd, Horten, Ba> /don. Idle, Holm Shay, Car let on. Otter burn, Hellifield, Hargrave, Airier., Coni/un Co d, Long P ref on, Thr ej!field, and Grcffnglon, in the said County, unto the la d Petitioner Robert, his deleft Son, and his Assigns, during his natural late, without Impeachment of Waste, and with such further Powers and Authorities as therein after titprelied; Remainder to Trustees, and their Heirs, during the Life of the Petitioner Robert, in Trull to prefer ve the contingent Ell ales therein deviled, with Remainder to the First and every other Son and Sons of the Petitioner Robert, succesiivdv, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Petitioner William, his Second Son, and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the same Trtiftees; and their Heirs, during the Life of the Petitioner William, in Trust to preserve the contingent lift ares therein deviled; Remainder to the First and evay other Son and Sons of the Petitioner William, fuc-c<fftivcl\\ in Tail Male; Remainder to the Petitioner 'ihornets, his Third Son, and his Assigns, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the same Trustees, and their Heirs, during the Life of the Petitioner Thomas, inTrust toprelerve the contingent Estates tlicidn deviled; Remainder to the First and every other Son and Sons of the Petitioner Thomas, lucceflivdy, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Petitioners Robert, William, and Thomas, his Sons, Faith and Ann, his Daughters, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, to take equally as Tenants in common, and not as jointTenants; and that, upon the Death of the said Robert Stanfield the deflator, the Petitioner Robert entered upon the said Premises, to deviled to him lor 1 afe, being of the yearly Value of Seven hundred and Fifty-six Pounds, or thereabouts, and is now in Po 111 (lien there- f; and that the said devised Premises lie (haltered and dispersed in Imall Parcels in the several Towr.ships and Placesabove-mentioned, and several Parts thereof are at a very great Distance from other Parts thereof; whereby the Management of the said several Estates, and the Collecting of the Kents and Profits thereof, is very difficult, tedious, and expensive, and there being no Manlion House, or other House, upon the fame, lit or proper for the Habitation of the O* ner of such an Estate, the same is thereby rendered (till more inconvenient, and Ids valuable; and that the Petitioner Robert hath contracted and entered into Articles with Sir Walter Blackett

* of Wallington, in the County of Northumberland, Baronet, for the absolute Purchase of the Manors of Idle and Yeadon, in the County of York, and of the capital Messuage or Mansion House at EJholt, in the same County, late the Scat of Sir Walter Calverley Baronet, deceased, and of sundry other Messuages, Mills, Woods, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Idle and Yeadon aforesaid, and in EJholt, Guifcly, Hawk [north, and Shipley, in he County aforesaid, being a compact and well-conditioned Estate, with a very aood House upon it; and that the fed Petitioner contracted for the Purchase of the said IVenft'ts, with Intent to fell the said several Lands and Hereditaments in Bradford, Bail don, Idle, long. Car-leten, Otteroiirn, Hellifield, Gargrave, Air ton, Coniflon Cold, Long Prefer, ThreJ!field, and Grajfington, deviled to the said Petitioner as aforesaid, and to apply the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of the said Manors, capital Me flu age, and Premises, so contracted for by the said Petitioner as aforesaid, or in the Purchase of so VOL. 27.

much thereof as fhbutd be equal in Value to the Tenements so fold, and to settle the said purchased Premises; or so much thereof 4s should be of equal Value with the Tenements lo fold, to the same Uses as the Tenements so to be sold do now stand limited; and alleging, that the carrying of the said Intention into Execution would tend very much to the Advantage of all the Petitioners, according 10 their respective Estates and Interests in the said Premises; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the same may be effected; but that the said devised Pre-nnfes are lb let tied and limited by the said Will, that the same cannot be fold, nor a good Title made therein to a Purchaser, according to the common Course of the Laws of this Kingdom; but that an Act of Parliament is necessary for elteding the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the said several Eftites devised by the said Will to the said Petitioner Robert, for his Life, with such Re-maunders over as aforesaid, in certain Trustees, and their H irs, in Trull to fell the lame, and to in veil the Monies arising by such Sale in the Purchase of the said Manor and Premises, so contracted for by the Petitioner Robert as alor.said, or of such Parts thereof as shall be equal in Value ro the Tenements lb fold, and which to such Trustees lha 1 kem most convenient, and to convey and settle the fame, when purchased, to such Uses and upon such Trulls, and iubpd to such Powers, Pioviioes, and Appointments a* the Estates, which shall be so fold, do now stand settled and limited unto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilkinson and Sir Lionel Pilkington do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, principal Inhabitants, and Land Owners, of and contiguous to the Towns of Manchester, Rochdale, Burnley, and Coin, in the County of Lancaster, Sett}c, AJkrlg, and Richmond, in the County of Jerk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Rochdaleafore-f:ud, through B’trnlcy and Coin, to Long Prefion, and from Settle, through Horton Parish in Ribblesdale, to the West End of Camrn, in the said County of York, joining to the Turnpike Road leading from Lancaster to Richmond, is become very ruinous, and altnoft impassable for Carriages, and very dangerous for Travellers, and is incapable of being repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better and more effectual amending and widening of the Roads from Rochdale, through Burnley and Coin to Long Prefion aforesaid, and from Settle to the West End of Camm aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, so the House:

And it is referred to Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Lord Donne, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sa/usbury, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Phillipps, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Cocke, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Anson, Mr. Kynafiott, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lane, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Stanzvix, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Powney, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Compton, Mr. Cadogan, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hume, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Saudys, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. FeR lozves, Mr. Dazvkins, Mr. Rovmey, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Peachey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hamilton, Captain Frankland, Mr. LytteR ton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyfier, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Barry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, Westmorland, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, Clothiers, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are there-

B b unto

Rochdale

See.

Road. i

Leeds to Wakefield Road.

Crowle’s tichangc oi Lands with the CrowA.

Leheup’s

Estates.

94

i6° JaMarlu

4.1755-

unto subscriBed, of the Townships of Pot hw ell, Woodlesford, Methley, Stanley,

and other Towns adjacent, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition which has been presented to the House for Leave to Bring iri a Bill for widening and repairing the Hoad between the Towns of Leeds and Wakefield; and alleging, that the said Road may be made good by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be relieved against the said Petition, in such manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Freeholders, Traders, and other Inhabitants, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of York, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them* so’ the House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Richard Croivle Esquire, was presented to* the House, and read; setting forth, That his present Majesty, by his Letters Patent, bearing date the a8th Day of June, in the Ninth Year of his Reign, did dernife to John Hampden Esquire, since deceased, certain Lands, called Feivfon Grange, and several frhall Parcels of Land therein mentioned, within the Manor of in the County of York, for a reversionary Term of Eighteen Years, to be computed from the 18th Day of February 1747, refer vi ng a Rent of £. 34. 10s. id.

Which Premises becoming velted in the Petitioner, his Majesty was graciously pleased, by like Letters Patent, bearing Date the 14th Day of Sepin the 2zd Year of his Reign, to dernife the same to the Petitioner for a further Term of Twelve Years and a Half, to be computed from the 18th Day of February 1765, at the like leferved Rent; and that the inheritance of all the abovesaid Lands and Premises belong to his Majesty, in Right of his Crown; and that the Petitioner is in Part seised in Fee, and possessed by Leases, in the other Part, fora long Term of Years yet to come, of several Messuages, and aconsiderable Parcel of Land, adjoining to the Castle of Windsor, in the County of Beand lying contiguous to the Park thereof and that tlielaft-mentioned Premises do extend from the Wall of the said Palace on the West, to the River 't'kameson the East: and having been thought proper and necessary to be in his Majesty’s Hand?, for the Uleand Accommodation of the said Palace, an Exchange gas been proposed to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, of the Premises at Windsor, for the Lands aforesaid in the County of Yorkheld by the Petitioner in Lease from the Crown, the Petitioner paying to, or receiving from, the Crown the Difference in Value to which she same shall be estimated: And therefore, in regard his Majesty cannot by Law pass away the Reversion and Inheritance of the said Lands in the County of to the Petitioner, and his Heirs, without the Aid of Parliament, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Reversion and Inheritance of the said Lands in the County of York, to Trustees, in Trust for the Petitioner and his Heirs, by way of Exchange, on the Petitioner’s conveying and assigningto his Majesty the said Premises in Windsor aforesaid, upon paying to, or receiving from, the Crown the Difference in Value to which the same shall be estimated as above.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of by Da- Norton

ye a try, in the County of Northampton, and of the Vicar and Incumbent of the Parish Church there, and of the Freeholders, Owners and Proprietors of Land in the open and common Fields of Norton by atore-

said, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Estates of the Petitioners in the said open and common Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels; by means whereof, great Inconveniencies arise to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the ("aid Lands; and alleging, that the said Lands arc incapable of Improvement in their present Situation; and that tire same are very proper to be inclosed, and would be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners thereof, if the same were inclosed and divided into just Allotments and Proportions to and for the several Parties interested therein: Ard therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said open and common Fields, according to every Person’s Right in the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bid pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Yr. Cartwright and Sir Thomas Palmer do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrafted Bill to enable Theodore Henry Brinkman Brinkman* Esquire, to take and ulc the Surname of Broadhead, pur- ^an:e ftiant to the Will of Henry Broadhead Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

be

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title , An Act to enable Theodore Henry Brinkman Esquire,

to take and use the Surname of Broadhead, pursuant to the Will of Henry Broadhead Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. John Calvert do carry the Bill to' the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wc

A Petition of the Bailiff, approved Men, and Bur- Balfeglfekf,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards i

Mr. Speaker,

The J-ords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for veftingdivers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Cambridge, settled on the Marriage of Peter Leheup the yolinger, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Ellate, to be settled to the Lists of his Marriage Settlement: To which the Lord* desire the Concurrence of this House.

2a

geffes, of the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Roads leading from the Town of Baf.ngstoke, in the said County, through Wort hi, to the Town of Overton, in the same County, and from thence through the Town of Whitchurch, and to

the Town of Andover, in the same County, and from Andover, through Middle Wallop, to a Place called Corner, in the Parish of Wiutcrin the County of Wilts, are, by the Narrownels thereof in several Places, very inconvenient, and many Parts thereof are become to deep and founderous that the same cannot be passed by Travellers in the Winter without great Difficulty and Danger; and that the said Roads cannot be effietu lly repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall teem meet.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Southampton, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as are mentioned in the preceding Petition; and praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideratiorv of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Colonel Griffin, Sir Corners D'Arcy, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Fellowet, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lyfier, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Anson, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir John Phillipps, Mr. Northey, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gore, Mr. kinson, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Powlet, Mr. Dawkins,-

4c.

Ro.di.

DittAJ

2.8 Geo. it

tfi* Januarii.

§5:

SiiC.

1c.

vOil!!.

)i:!A

kins, Mr. John Delaval,: Colonel Holmes^ Mr. Stanley, Me- Jenniforty Mr. Pent on, Mr. Dimmer, Mr, Stvymmer Mr. Aidworthy. Lord Panmv.re, Mr. Thomas Townshend Lord Gage, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr. A my and, Mr. Clayton, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Crafter. Sir John El well, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Sandys, General Stuart, Mr. j emits; and all the Members whor serve for the Counties of Southampton, WiltSi Durfet, Somerjof, and Surrey; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Buildings A Petition of the Reverend William Markham Doctor

in Dean's of Laws, and Thomas Salter Esquire, on behalf of them-Yird, selves, and others, was presented to the House, and read;

Westiuiader. £tt}ng forth* That divers of the Houses where young Noblemen and Gentlemen, being at Westminster School* are lodged and boarded, are ataconsiderable Distancefrom the School, which occasions many Inconveniencies, and prevents the Scholars of the said School from being so immediately under the Inspection of their Mailers out of School Hours, as otherwise they might be; and that the Piece of Ground, now called Deans Yard, together with certain Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto, upon which several old and ruinous Houses and Buddings are now Handing, is a very convenient Situation whereupon to build divers proper and commodious Houses, to serve as Boarding Houses for the Scholars of the said School; and which, together with leme of the Prtbendal Houses belonging to the Chapter of Westminster, and the House appropriated for the Head Mailer of the said School, will form a Square, which will be very near to the said School, and every way commodious for the Reception, Entertainment, Safety, and Education, of the Scholars of the said School; but that, by reason several of the said Pieces of Ground and Houses are in Settlement, or are the Pio-perty of Infants, and others, unable by Law to contract for the Sale thereof, the Petitioners, though willing, cannot proceed in buying in such Pieces of Ground, Houses, and Building?, without the Ashftance of Parliament: And therefore praying, That, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill ro enable the Petitioners, and other proper Per-ibns to be nominated for that Purpose, to contract for and buy such Pieces of Ground, Houses, and Buildings, and thereupon to erect ludi new Buildings, under proper Restrictions and Regulations, as shall be requisite for carrying into Execution the several Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Dupplin, Lord Harley, Mr. Ellis, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Roger Newdigatt, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, General Onslow, Mr. AJfieck, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Alderman Rd. lieck/crd. Sir John Hinde Cotton, Lord George Sack'ville, Nlr. Grey, Mr. Edgcmvbe, Mr. Clevland, Sir Waiter Blackett, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hardinge, the Master of the Rolls, Lord Downe, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Attorney General, Skr William Courtenay, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Calvert, Lord Gage, Mr. Drake, Mr. Earle, Sir Lionel P ilk rug ton, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Delaval, Mr. George Cooke, General Sinclair, Lord Royfion, Mr. Croule, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Walters Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Ly~ Jier, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Potter, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Kent, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Medlycott; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fc*ed« A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal In-Street, &c. habitats, of the Town of Leals, in the West.sliding of Vol. 27.

the County of York, was. presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Enlightening of the Streets and Lanes in the said Town, and regulating the Pavements thereof, would be of great Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlightening the said Streets and Lanes, and regulating the Pavements thereof,* in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Downe, Sir Conyers D* Arcy,

Mr. Edgcutnbe, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Anson, Mr. Lyjler, Mrl Nugent, Mr. Bayntun, Colonel Bofcawen, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fane, Lord- Hillsborough, Mr

Foley, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Nor they, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Walter, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Powney, Sir Tko* mas Mojlyn, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Am colts, Niv.

Amy and, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Croivle

Mr. Kent, M:. Rice, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Alderman Dick+ kin)on, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Fellowes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Nor* t hum her land, Cumberland, West rn or land, and Lancaster:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston

Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; w^*r reciting ttie Provisions in Three Acts of Parliament, One 1 made in the 9th and 10th Year of the Reign of Kins'

William the Third, another in the 3 th Year of Queen Anne^ and the other in the 15th*of his present Majesty, for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the said Town; and alleging, that the yearly Sums which the Corporation, established by the said Act of the 9th and 10th Year of King William the Third, are impowered to raise, together with the other Revenues and Incomes of the said Corporation, are not sufficient to maintain or provide for the Poor under their Care; and that the said Corporation, in supplying the Necessities of the said Poor* are become greatly indebted; and that some Alterations in the said Acts, and further Powers, are wanting for the better executing of the fame; and further alleging, that, for want of proper Powers to enforce the paving, repairing, and cleansing, of the Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, in the said Town, the same are become very ruinous, and arc very filthy and dirty; and that the principal Streets arc frequently obstructed by Carriages remaining a longtime therein after Delivery of their Loadings; and that no Part of the said Town is enlightened in the Night-time; but that many of the principal Inhabitants would, at their own Chargers, set up and maintain Lamps against their Houses, if sufficient Provision was made for securing the Property of such Lamps, and for preventing their being destroyed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, lending, and making more effectual, the said Acts, and for better paving, repairing, preserving, and cleaning, the said Streets,

Lanes, and Alleys, and preventing Obstructions therein, and for preserving the Lamps which shall be set up therein, and securing the Property thereof to the Owners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Cocks,

Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Anson, Sir John Phillips, Mr.

Gore, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Crowle, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Ellis, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Eclgcnmhe, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Prowse, Colonel Griffin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hammond, Ml Nor!hey, Mr.

Freeman, Sir Francis Drjhivood, Mr. Chef ter, Lord George Manners, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Dawkins, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Alderman Bethel/, Lord Hillsborough,

Mr* Richards, Mr* Martvn, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Onslow

Mr.

fcnilworth

Indoiurc.

Bri:i(h

Herring

Fishery,

6

Mr. ShellcV, Mr. Blchfoi'd, Mr . PoMr. Captain Frank I aid, Air. tt'ebb, Mr. Mohneux, Mr. Ky~

nnsion-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorland, Lancnficr, Nottingham, and Lincoln: And they are to mret this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the honourable Thomas Villiers, Thomas Devise,-and the Reverend Thomas Lucas, and also of al! and every the Owners or Proprietors of certain common Fields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and common ible Lands, in the Pa, iih ot Kenilworth, in the County of War7 whole Names are thereunto lublrribed, was prefer)ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are Three large Fields, called Prior's Field, Field,

and New Field, and (even other small Fields, called The

Toco Banova FidJs, Ne-wfand Field, Fenny land Field,

CnfsField, btOcklonField, and Colliers Field, and also a

large Space of waltc Ground and Commonable Land within the said Parish. Pa cel of the Manor there, containing in ti e vVhole 1,100 Acres, or theieabouts; and that the said Thomas Villiers is Lard of the said Manor, and Impropriator of the great Tyih~$ arising out of New Field, the Two Barrow Fields, New/and Field, Fennyland Field, and Cross Field; and that the said Thomas Devise is Impropriator of the great Tythes arising out ot Stockton Field and Colliers Field-, and that the Lid Thomas Lucas is V car of tiic Vicarage of Kenilworth aforesaid; and that the Lands of each Proprietor lie intermixed and dispersed over the said several common Fields in final! Parcels, which js very inconvenient and detrimental; and that there is a large Quantity of Wood, and 01 her Materials, necetliuy for an Indofore; and that the said Parties and Proprietors, interested in the said Fie.ds, have agreed to divide and indole the fame, with a due Regard to the Quantity and Quality, and to the Interdf of each Proprietor; and that futh specific Part or Share of the said Lands, as shall be allotted to each Proprietor, in respect to his Right in the said Lands, as they are now undivided, shall be held and enjoyed for ever in Severalty, and as a separate and di-Ilinct Farm, in common Socage; and that due Allotments In 11 be made to the said Impropriators and Vicar, in Satisfaction for the Tythes belonging to them respectivelvj and also to the said Thomas Villiers, for his Intend! in the Watte, as Lord of the said Manor: And therefore p aying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Agreement effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles M or daunt and Mr. C do prepare, and bring

.in the fame.

A Petition of the Society of the Free Fishery, was presented to the Haile, and read; letting forth, That by an Act, passed in the 23d Year of his present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the British V\ hire Herring Fishery, it is enacted. That, for Encouragement to such Persons as thall become Subscribers to the Stock for carrying on the Lid Fisherits, the Sum of Three Pounds by the Year for each Hundred Pounds which Hull be actually employed in the said Fishery, and proport ionably for any greater or Idler Sum, shall be paid to the Proprietors of the said Stock, for and during the Space of 14 Years from the Date of their Charter, out of the Customs, by the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Cutloms, by equal half-yearly Payments; provided that the said Society shall emp oy the Sum of £. 100,000 at least, in the said Fish-cries, within the Space of Vi Months after the Date of such Subscription; and that, for the Manifestation of the Sums which Hull be so employed by the said Society, the Accounts of the said Society shall be annually laid before the Parliament; and it is further provided, that such Sums as shall, bona fide, be contracted to be paid within Six Months, shall be deemed employed within the Senseand Meaning of this Act, in case to much Money of the said

"Ai I7S§-

Company, as will be sufficient loanswer the said Contracts respectively, shall, at the time of making the same, be in tie Bank of England, and there remain for the Pur pole of paying the ume; such Contracts being in Writing, and signed or executed m he Presence of two Witnesses; and that in the said Act are sundry Directions touching the making out and nut eniicat ng the Accounts of the hxnendifuie of such Monies; and that, by the (hid AC'c, it is turn er enacted, that, as a further Encouragement tet all Persons whatsoever, as well Bodies Politic and Corpo-ra'e as others, and also the Perldns who should be so in-corpo ated to engage in the fhtd White Herring Fisheries, a Bounty of 3d. per Ton should be paid annually out of

such Sums as should be produced otit of his Majesty’s Customs to the Owner or Owners of all decked Vessels,’ from 2® to80 Tons Burthen, which should be built after the Commencement of the said Act, for the Use of the said Fisheries, and fitted out and employed in the said Fisheries, whether by the said Society or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, in Manner and under the Regulations in the said Act after-mentioned; such Bounty of 30 per Ton to be paid yearly, during the Space of Fuurteerf Years, from the Commencement of the said Act, and no longer; and further setting forth, that, pursur.nl so the Powers by the said Act given to his Majesty, the Petitioners have been incorporated by Charter, bearing Date the nth Day of October 1730; anti a very considerable Sum of Money hath been raised and paid in towards carrying on an Undertaking, by the said A Cl declared to be of g eat Importance to these Kingdoms, as it might be of great Advantage to the Trade and Navigation thereof, and be a Means of employing and providing for great Numbers of industrious Poor; and that the Petitioners having

r

expended and employed, within 18 Months from the Date of their Subscription, in carrying into Execution the l\ir-poses of the said Act and Charter, the Sum of £. 104,5057 did demand, and have accordingly, pursuant to the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the 26th Year of his' Majesty’s Reign, for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Act of the 23d Year erf Ids present Majesty, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, received of the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs Interest for the said Sum of £.104*509 after tho Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, computed from the said nth of October 1750, to the 22(1 of October 1752; to which Interest the Petitioners were legally intitled under the said Two several Acts; and that, on the 11th of February 1754, the Petitioners did lay before the Commissioners of the Customs, a further-Account/ lotheszd of October^ then next preceding, of Monies expended and employed by the said Society ’in the said Fishery, amounting in the YVhole to the Sum of£. 150,463 125. 8 d.; which exceeded the Sum then paid in upon their Subscription, b\ the Sum of £.17,567 95. 6d. which had arilenfrom the Sale of the Petitioners cured Pith* and the Salt and Tonnage Bounties to which the Petitioners were intitled under the said Two several Acts, or other Acts of Parliament; and that the Petitioners, notwith-standing they had employed so considerable a Sum of Money in carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act and Charter, over and beyond the Sum paid in upon their Subscription, claimed of the said Commissioners Interest for the Sum of £.112,896 35. id. only, being the Sum then paid in upon their Subscriptions ;and were in Hopes that the Laid Commissioners would have accordingly" directed the Payment of such Interest; but it being ob--served, that the said Sum of £.104*509 upon which such interest had beenjaiJ to the Petitioners from the Date of their Charter to tl.e 23d Day of October 1752, as aforesaid, had been expended and contracted (or at different Periodsof Ti ne; and that of 67 Buffers, in the Purchasc of which, Part of the said Sum of £.104,509 had been irwefted, 22 had never been uled or employed by the Petitioners, as 1 he Petitioners admit; the said Commissioners do now insist, that tic: Petitioners have been overpaid the Interest for the said Sum of £.104,509 by the same having been computed from the Date ot their Charter: such Inured

16° jfanua

28 Geo. ll. t6° 91

terest being, as they allege, computable only from the respective Times of expending and contraCling for each respective Sum, which conllituted the whole Sum of JT. 104,509; and therefore the said Commissioners doinfift on flopping and deducting the Sum so presumed to have been overpaid, out of such Sum as may now appear to be due to the said Society, in respect of Interest; but the said Commissioners are so far from admitting any Sum to be due to the Petitioners, in respect of Interest for the said Sum of yf.112,896. 35. 2 d.or for any other Sum expended

in the said Fishery, that they do now infill, that so much of the said Sum of £. 112,896. 31. as was expended in the Purchase of the said 22 Bufles so remaining unemployed, ought to be lubtraCled from the said Sum of 112,896 3 s.2d. for which such further Interest hath been demanded as aforesaid; and that as such Subtraction will reduce the Sum expended and contracted for within the said 18 Months under the Sum of £.100,000. the Petitioners are not intitled to Interest for any Sum beyond the said i3 Months; and therefore the said Commissioners have refused paying to the Petitioners any further Interest beyond the said 22d Day of 1752, as

not conceiving them (elves authorized in lo doing by the Letter of the said Act; and alleging, that it is the Intent and Meaning of the said first-mentioned Act, that the Interest thereby allowed should be computed from the Date of the said Charter, with respect to such Sum as should be expended and employed in conformity to thfe Terms prescribed by the said A Cl within the said Period of 18 Months; and that the Computation of Interest, now contended for by the Commissioners of the Customs, would not only be impracticable, but highly injurious to the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Society, who, in consequence of such former Computation and Payment of Interest, as aforesaid, have been induced to continue their Payments on the several Calls since made upon their Sub-feriptions, wh ic h t he Petitioners do not conceive t h ey wou Id have done on the Computation of Interest now infilled upon by the said Commissioners; and that the Inactivity of the 22 Bufles remaining unemployed as aforesaid, was wholly owing to the absolute Impofiihility of providing Nets for more than the Forty-five Buffi s, which were employed, although the Petitioners did, for that Purpose, acturlly employ all the Net-makers in Great , of

whom they could get any Knowledge; the Number of which had been considerably increased by means of the Employment and Inllructmns for Artificers of that Sort found and procured by the Petitioners in the Course of their carrying on the said Fisheries; and that even though the Value of the said 22 unemployed Bufles should be deducted out of the Money actually employed in the said Fishery, the Sum expended then in by the Petitioners will not thereby be reduced under the Sum of^.100 000. as the Sum of £.17,567. 9.1. 6 ariting from the Sale of the Petitioners cured Fish, and from their Tonnage and Salt Bounties, and which has been wholly expended in the Fisheries as aforesaid, will considerably overbalance such a Deduction; beside which, the Petitioners, between the 22d Day of October 1753, being the Time to which the

Petitioners have demanded such further Interest as aforesaid, and the 29 th Day of September 1754, have expended, in carrying on the said Fisheries, the further Sum of £.?6,oco.and upwards, more than hath been paid in upon their Subscription; and that the with-holding of such further Interest from the Petitioners hath already proved a great Obstruction and Discouragement to the carrying on of the Undertaking for which the said Society was established; and that the Petitioners, for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Acts and Charter, have found themselves under a Necessity of expending a much larger Sum of Money than was at first apprehended to be necessary for eroding sundry Buildings for the Preservation of their Nets, Calks, and other Stores; and that the Petitioners do likewise labour under great Disadvantages from the Restrictions they lie under with respect to the Stations at Sea, from whence the said Fish-Vol. 27.

eries are by the said Acts directed to be carried ort; such Stations having been found to be much less stored whth Fish than many others; notwithstanding all which Iilcdn- veniencies, arid many unforeleeri Accidents which naturally attend all infant Undertakings, the Petitioners do hope, that, in case the several Encouragements and Bounties, given and intended by the said Two'several Acts, should be lectired to the Petitioners for the Time pall, and be continued to the Petitioners for the further Term or Seven Years, from the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen Years, and free Liberty granted to the Petitioners to carry on the said Fisheries On such Stations at Sea as may be found proper for that Purpose, the said Society may be enabled to carry on the said Undertaking in such manner as fully to answer the Ends of their Institu-tion; And therefore praying the House to take the Prc-mises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, to the Amount of Five hundred and upwards, on behalf of themselves, and all other Prisoners for Debt within the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Francis John Tyjfen, of in

the County of Middlesex, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner is feiled of, or intitled to, a Ferry for Foot Passengers,. Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, over the River Lea, irorrv Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Low Layton, in the County of Essex, commonly called Jeremy's Ferry, subject to a Leaf© made thereof by the Petitioner to Jeremy Cotterall for Twenty-one Years, whereof about Ten Years are now to come, and urfexpired; and alleging, that it would be of great Benefit to have a Bridge built over the said River in-llead of the said Ferry; and that the making and erecting of proper Wears and Floodgates adjoining or near to such intended Bridge, would greatly facilitate and improve the Navigation nowufed upon the said River; and further setting forth, that the Petitioner doth propOle, and is willing, at his own Expence, to erect and build the said Bridge, Wears, and Floodgates, on havinga moderateToli settled and ascertained to be paid for, or in respect of, the fame; and that as the Tolls arising by the Act of the nth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads through Hackney, will be considerably augmented by the erecting of the said intended Bridge, the Commissioners, or Trull ees of the said Turnpike have agreed and proposed, that, upon the erecting and finishing of the said intended Bridge, the Road leading from Clapton, in the Parish of Hackney aforesaid, to the said Bridge, shall be made and repaired out of the Tolls and Duties arising by the said Act; and that, in order to finish and complete such new Bridge, and make convenient and commodious Ways and Roads to the fame, it will be necessary for the Petitioner to buy lands of divers Persons, and also to purchase from the said Jeremy Cotterall his Interest in his said Lease; but that suchPropofa! and Agreement cannot be Carried into Execution, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to erect such Bridge, Wears, and Floodgates, and to take such Tolls, in respect thereof, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Alderman Bet hell,' M r. Clevland, Sir John Colonel

S/anwix, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mr.

Ion, Mr, Northeyt Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Lee, Sir Conyers

C C . D’Arcy,

Debtort

Petitions.

Lea

Bridge at Jfrem/'J Ferry.

Colefoill

thro*

Jjfchfield

Road.

16° Januarii.

4.1755-

D'Arcy, Sir Charles Mordaunt^Lord Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sir Francis

Poole, Mr. Foley, Mr. Anson, Mr. , Mr. Charlton, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr.

kinson, Lord Hilifborough, Mr. Drake, Mr. , Loid

Robert Manners, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Peircy

Brett, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir William Owen, Mr. Gajbry,

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber ' And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Litchfield, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That by an Act, passed in the 2d Year of his present Majesty, Power was given to the Trustees therein named to erect Gates or Turnpikes upon the Road leading from Camal's Gate, in the County of Stafford, to the City of Litchfield, and from the said City, by Shireiy Wyche, to Stone, in the County of Stafford-, and also from the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the said County of Stafford, to the said City of Litchfield, and from thence, by Femly Pitts, to Woodend, in the Parish of Shension, and to Ogley Hay, in the said County; and also from the said City of Litchfield, through nall's Lane, to High Bridges, in the said County of Stafford; and to collect such Tolls and Duties as in the said Act are mentioned, for repairing and supporting the said Roads; and that by another Act, passed in the 17th Year of his said Majesty, the Term and Powers in the said Aril-mentioned Act were enlarged for Twenty-one Years, and the Trustees were impowered to employ the Monies to be raised by the said Tolls in repairing the Roads before-mentioned; and also in repairing and supporting the Roads from Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, to Camal's Gate aforesaid, and from the End of the County of Stafford to the City of Chester; and that, by virtue of the said several Acts, great.Sums of Money have been employed in repairing and ftipporting the said Roads; but that the said Road between and hillcannot be effectually repaired and supported, without an additional Duty; nor can the Debt, which hath been incurred upon Account of the said Roads, be discharged, without the further Assistance of Parliament; and further setting forth, that the several Roads leading from Litchfield to the further Side of Cannock Heath, in the Road to Wolverhampton, and also from in the County of Stafford, are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers in the said several Acts, and for the more effectual repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said several Roads thereby appointed to be repaired; and also for the effectual repairing and supporting of the said other Roads in the said Petition also mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Anson, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Le-ve/on Gower, Mr. Prow/e, Sir Conyers Sir

(Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wilk Lord Downs, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Northey, Mr. Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Colleton, Lord Royston, Admiral Griffin,

Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lee, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Tonge, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Ward, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hay, Mr.' Salusbury, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Mr. Gray,

Mr. Burrell, Sir John Pkillipps, Mr. Laficelles, Sir Thomas Mofiyn, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Middleton, Sir William Owen, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.‘ Beckford, Mr. Compton, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Si*

23

Thomas Palmer, Mr. Them hag h; and nil the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Chester, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Edward Parker, Esquire, Lord of the Manor ot higleton, Robert Land Edward Fox-croft, Esquires, Lords of the Manor of Burton, the reverend Oliver Martin Rector of the Redlory and Parish Church of Bentham, all in the West Killing of the County of York, and also of the levera! Freeholders, Owners and

Proprietors of Lands, in the several Town lb ips of Bentham, Burton, and higleton, in the West Riding of the County of York aforesaid, and of the Township of Wen-nington, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there is a large Common, and walle Lands, lying within the said Parish of Bentham, called Bentham Moor, which now remains walle and uncultivated, and, in the present Situation, is incapable otlmprovement; but, if the same were divided into Severalty, would be of great Advantage; and that the Petitioners are desirous that their Shares of the said Common may be divided and inclosed; and that their le-veral Shares and Allotments, retaking from such Inclosure and Division, may be held in Severalty by the respective Proprietors, according to their respective Shares, Interelb, and Properties, in the said Common, in proportion to their Inlands; but that the said Common cannot be effectually divided and inclosed, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Common and waste Grounds amongst the Petitioners and the rest of the Freeholders and Landholders in the said several Townflnps of higleton. Burton, Bentham, and Wennitigton, who have respective Right of Common thereon, in proportion to their Inlands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Conyers D'Arcy and Mr. Wilkinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Otley, Mension, Hawksworth, Morton, and in

the County of York, and of the several Inhabitants of Trawden and Coin, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Road from Otley up Shevinand Miff on Moor, and by Hazvkf-worlh through Kehvick, and from thence through Morton

to Kighley, and Co to Standing Stone, in the said County of

York, and from thence to Emmot, and from thence to Coin, in the said County Palatine, are become very bad and dangerous, and, in the Winter Seaton, scarce passable; and that the said Roads are incapable of being mended by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in for the Amendment of the said Roads; and that such Turnpikes may be erected and such Tolls collected for the Amendment of the fame, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Lord Downs, Mr. Ellis, Lord Granby, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Sir

John Pkillipps, Mr. Mo/yneux, Mr. Webb, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Rickards, Mr. Northey, Sir William Middleton, Sir Francis Dafhwocd, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Amcotts, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Onftozv, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Laf-celles, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Mr. Crofter, Mr. Compton, Lord Robert Manners; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Northumberland, and Lancffer:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the

Clock,

Bentham,

See,

Liduiurc*

Otley

to

Kicrl.Iry,

Ac.

Road.

'28 Geo. II. i 6°Januarii. 99

Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Monmouth 1 Mr. Bathurst, of Monmou reported from the Com-J<wds. mittee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Town and Borough of in

the County of Monmouthunder their common Seal; and of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and residing in or near the several Hoads following; that is to say, the Road leading trom Bridge, in the said

Town of Monmouth, by , to High Meadozv

Ruddock, in the Parish of Staunton, in the County of

cester, being Part of the Road from Monmouth to the City of Gloucester;the Road leading from , in Mon-

mouth aforesaid, to Haanock, in the said County of Monmouth, being another Part of the Road from Monmouth to Gloucester; the Road leading from Monnow Bridge aforesaid to the further End of the Parish of Ganyrew, on the Road from Monmouth to Ross, in the County of Hereford; the Road leading from Monnow Bridge aforesaid to the Smith’s Shop at the Bottom of Hill, in the

Road from Monmouth to the City of j the Road

leading from Monnow Bridge aforesaid to the Village of Rockfield, and from ther.ee to a Place called the Onnen, in the Parish of Llantilio Crefon the Road from Monmouth to Abergavenny, in the said County of Monmouth; the Road leading from the Pound in Rockfield aforesaid, by aPiace called Nant y , to a Place called Pen yr Heal, and from thence to the Travellers Seat, and the Lower Cross Way, in the said County of Monmouth; the Road leading from Monnow Bridge aforesaid, to Dinge-fiow Bridge, and from thence to the Village of Raglan and Fregares Church, in the said County of Monmouth; the Road leading from the Stone Bridge in the Parish of Mitchell Troy to a Place called th on the Road from Monmouth to Ujk, in the said County of Monmouth; and the Road leading from Monnow Bridge aforesaid, by the Town of Frelleck, to the Cross Way at the Foot of Lavjflon Common cn the Road from Monmouth to New Port and Chepstow, in the said County of ^as

referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition: and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, tothcHouse; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follower h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Stevens said, That he is well acquainted with all the said Roads; and that the same are in ll> ruinous a Condition, that they arc impassable in the Winter Season in forne Parts, and in other Parts io narrow that Two Carriages cannot pass each other; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

And a Member present at the Committee confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill forre-pairing and widening the several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth: And that of Monmouth and Mr. Berkeley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Havy Debt. Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it Rood at Christmas Jatt, be laid before this House.

Account Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this of Seamen. House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1753. to the 31st of December 1754, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishingwhat Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

Otley, Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com-&c- mittee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy,. Road‘ Land Owners, and other Inhabitant s^of the West Riding.

Vox.. *7.

of the County of York, and of the County Palatine of

Laucaf.er, is referred.

A Petition of Jofias Farrer, Proctor and Agent for and on behalf of Charles Knowles Esquire, Governor of his Majesty’s Island of Jamaica, and Rear Admiral, be--1 ing offered to be presented to the House ;:

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the hid Petition, recommends it to the Confederation of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; letting forth, That, by his Majesty’s royal Proclamation* dated 5th May 1748, declaring the Cessation of A-ms as Well by Sea as Land, agreed upon between his Majesty, the most Christian King, and the States General of the United Provinces, and enjoining the Observance thereof

and reciting, inter alia. That, to prevent all Occasions of

Complaints and Disputes which mightarife upon Account of Ships, Merchandizes, and other Effects, taken at Sea, it had been mutually agreed, that suchShips, Merchandizes, and other Effects as should be taken in the Channel and in the North Seas, after the Space of Twelve Days, to be computed from the 19th of April then last, being the Day the Preliminaries were signed by the Ministers of the said Three com rad ing Powers, and which should be taken, after Six Weeks from the said 19th of April, beyond the Channel, the British Seas and the North Seas, as tar as Cape Saint Vincent, and for the Space of Six Weeks more beyond the Cape to the Equinoctial Line, whether in the

Ocean or Mediterranean, and for the Space of Six Months from the said 19th of April, beyond the said Equinodial

Line or Equator, and in all other Places of the World, without any Exception, or other more particular Distine* tion of Time or Place, should be restored on both Sides) his Majesty, by the Advice of his Privy Council, notified the same to all his loving Subjects, and strictly commanded that all Acts of Hostilities should cease against France, from and after the respective Times above-mentioned; and that the Commissi.mers of the Admiralty, on the nth May 1748, sent their Order or Notice of thtf above Preliminaries, with feveraf of the said Proclamations, to Rear Admiral Knowles at Jamaica, where he was then Rationed with a Squadron of his Majesty’s Ships of War, directing him to comply with the Terms of the said Proclamation, but to continue Hostilities against Spain, uniil further Orders; and that, pursuant to thefb Orders of the Lords of the Admiralty, Rear Admiral' Knowles having received Information that the Galleons were expected to fail soon from La VeraCruz for the Ha-vannah, failed from Port Royal in Jamaica with his Majesty’s Ships Cornwall, Tilbury, Canterbury, and ’/

on a Cruize to intercept them; and that, on the Third September 1748, Admiral Knowles, in the , took

a SpanifhPolacra, called the Anna Maria St. Felix, bound

from Carthagena to the Havanna-,. and that, from the 3d of September to the 5th of October, the Commander of the said Polacra, and his Crew, were Prisoners on board the Squadron, none of whom knew of any Preliminaries for a Peace with Spain-, and that Rear Admiral Knowles, near a Month after this Capture, met with a Squadron of Spanish Men of War, confiding of Seven Sail, who were Coma out of the Havanna but a few Days before, in order to give Admiral Knowles Battle (having gained Intelligence

of his Designs); which Squadron Rear Admiral Knowles-engaged and beat; and that, on the 5th of the same October, in the Morning, Rear Admiral Knowles chafed a Sloop, which proved to be a Spaniard from Cadiz, bound to the Havanna, with a Pass from the Lords Justices of Great Britain, and which gave the Admiral the first No-' tice that Preliminaries for a general Peace had been signed with Spain; whereupon the Admiral immediately sent I11V Boat on Shore, with a Letter to the Spanish Governor of the Havanna, acquainting him therewith; and that he would instantly cease Hostilities, and leave the Port open,-and proposed an Exchange of Prisoners y and that as an:

Encou-

Petition 0^ -dmir.it K no 'a ics

> bn rr!ttr-

trom c'-T'di Demands;

ioo it>° Jamarii. 1755.

Encouragement fof the gallant Behaviour of the Seamen in the said Action, on the iftof Admiral Knowles

promised them, that, so soon as the Squadron came to Jamaica, and the Effects were condemned, the Money should be distributed among them; and that Admiral Knowles, on the 27th October 1748, with the Squadron, arrived at Jamaica, when the Agent for Prizes was directed, and did accordingly proceed, to condemn the Money and Effects taken out of the said Polacra; and that, on the nth of November 1748, and not before. Admiral Knowles received a.Second Letter from the Lords of the Admiralty, dated ift July 1748, informing him, that the Crown of Spain had acceded to the said Preliminaries on the 7th of June 1748, and requiring him to cease Hostilities against the Subjects of his Catholic Majesty and Republic of Genoa; and that, on the 16th of February 1748, the Money and Effects were condemned by the Judge of the Court of Vice Admiralty in Jamaica; And that, upon the said Condemnation, and no Claim being made by the Captain of the said Polacra, or on behalf of the Owners of the said Prize, and the said Squadron being on the Point of separating, the said Prize and Effects were duly distributed by Admiral Knowles to and amongst the Officers, Sailors, and Soldiers; and that James Tierny, of London, Merchant, on behalf of Francis Molla Master of the said Polacra, and of Don Libino Fernando Fandenbrouke, of Cadiz, Merchant, and other

Subjects of his most Catholic Majesty, on the 18th of July 1749, entered his Claim and Appeal before the Commissioners of Appeals in Prize Causes, claiming the said Polacra, and her Cargo, and appealing from the said Sentence, condemning the said Money and Effects; and that, upon hearing this Appeal before the said Commissioners of Appeals, on the 26th of March 1752, their Lord ships were pleased to reverse the said Sentence, and decreed the said Money and Effects, or the Value thereof, to be restored; and, on the nth June 1752, their Lordships referred it to Daniel Esquire,

and Two other Merchants of London, to ascertain the Value of the said Money and Effects; and who, by their Report, of the 13th of February 1753, ascertained the Value thereof at £. 13,869. "s.to which Report their

Lordships, by their Order of the 15th of last,

> confirmed, and decreed a Monition for Payment of the Money; and alleging, that, at the time their Lordships pronounced this Decree of Restitution, it was, as the Petitioner apprehends, upon political Principles, and considering it as aQuestion between Nation and Nation, and not from any Opinion that Rear Admiral Knowles ought to pay the said Sum out of his own Pocket, which was he to do, it mud involve him in inevitable Ruin, as the Consequence of his having pursued his Instructions, and discharged his Duty to his King and Country; but that the said Commissioners pronounced the above Decree of Restitution, as the Petitioner apprehended, on an Opinion that the said Sum ought to be paid by the Public to the Spanish Claimants; and that Admiral Knowles should like-wife be repaid the Costs he had been put to in defending tire laid Appeal; and further setting forth, that Admiral Knowles'S Costs in defending this Appeal amount to the Sum ofjf.498. which being added to the said Sum of jC-13,869. 7 s. 10 d.make together the Sum of ^.14,367. 7 s. 10 d.; and that the said Capture was made not only

before Admiral Knowles either had, or possibly could have, any Notice of the Cessation of Hostilities with Spain; but when he was informed of the Cessation of Hostilities with the French, he had express Orders from the Lords of the Admiralty to continue Hostilities against the Spaniards till further Order; and that the present Capture was made, and the Spanish Fleet afterwards engaged, agreeable to those Orders; and representing to the House, that, should Admiral Knowles be left liable to the Payment «f this Money, he must be reduced to the most calami-tousSituation imaginable, as he was bound by the strongest Ties to obey his Superiors, and will now tie undone by that Obedience, that he would have been subject to the bigheft Punishment if he had not done what having done

must be his inevitable Ruin, unless relieved by the justice of the House: And therefore, on behalf of the said Admiral Knowles, submitting the Premises to the Consideration of the House, to give the said Admiral Knowles such Relief therein as the Nature.and Circumstance of the same shall require.

Ordered, That the said’Petitiort do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Tru flees,-whole Names are thereunto subscribed, acting within and for the County of Northumberland, by virtue of an Act passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, so remaking, and keeping in Repair a Road proper for the Pafifege of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, being offered to be.pre- fented to the House 1

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have, with the utmoftCare, cauled Part of the said Road in the County of Northumberland to be amended, and have made great Progress towards executing the other Trusts in themreposed by the said Act; but that the Petitioners are not able to finish the said Road, or completely execute the Powers vested in them, unless the House shall grant the Petitioners a further Sum of Money for those Purposes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such a further Sum of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, acting within and for the County of Cumberland, for making, and keeping in Repair, a Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have, with the utmost Care, caused Part of the said Road in the County of Cumberland to be amended, and have made great Progress towards executing the other Trusts repofedin them; but that the Petitioners cannot complete the said Road, or fully execute any of the Powers vested in them, unless the House shall grant the Petitioners a further Sum of Money for those Purposes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such a further Sum of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

An ingrossad Bill to enable Wenman Coke, heretofore called Wenman Roberts, Esquire, and his I flue Male, to take the Surname of Coke only, pursuant to the Direction of the Will of Sir Edward Coke Baronet, deceased; and that the said Wenman Coke, and his Issue Male may bear the Arms of the said Sir Edward , was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Wenman Coke, heretofore called Wenman Roberts Esquire and his Ilfue Male, to take the Surname af Coke only, pursuant to the Will of Sir Edward

Coke

Carlisle

to

Nfewcaftlfe - Roads.

Ditto*

Roberts*

Name.

a8 Geo. II. i Jattuaril

id

Lossof the Prince Frederick Pacquet.

V

Coke, Baronet, deceased; and that the said Coke,

and his Issue Male, may bear the Arms of the said Sir Edward Coke,

Ordered, That Mr. Phillipson do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several and respective Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the Effects and Jewels on board the Prince Frederick Pacquet Boat, taken by Algerine Cruizers, and carried into Algiers, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think, fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That, in the Month of March 174^, the said Pacquet Boat, commanded by Captain Robert,

in her Passage from Lisbon to , having the

Lifoon Mail on board, and Effects and Jewels to the Amount of£. 25,000. (the Property of the Petitioners, and others), was attacked, taken, and carried into by Algerine Cruizers, where her said Effects were plun-

dered and divided amongst the Owners, Captain, Officers, and Crew, of the said Cruizers, and others; and further setting forth, That the Pacquet Boats employed between Lisbon and Falmouth do carry the King’s Commission and Colours, and are respected by the King of Portugal and his Subjects as Ships of the King of Great , and

have never been visited by any Officer of the Revenue in Portugal, nor are liable to any of the Laws which in that Country affect private Merchant Ships; and that the British Merchants trading to and from Portugal, at all timesdepending on an absolute Security against Captures, Seizures, and Searchers, of ail States in Amity with the King of Great Britain, have constantly transported Effects in these Vessels to England, being the Produce of that beneficial Trade which is carried on between the Two Kingdoms; and that the said Ship Prince Frederick, having his Majesty’s Commission on board at the time (he was taken, very soon after her Arrival at Algiers, was released, together with the Officers and Crew, and the Letters were delivered to the Captain; an Acknowledgement, in some degree, from the Algerines, of the Offence committed by them against the English-, and that the Petitioners apprehending that such Capture was a Breach of the Treaty then subsisting between the King of Great Britain and the Dey of Algiers, humbly applied to his Majesty for such Belief, as to his Majesty in his great Wisdom should feetn meet; and that, in consequence of such Application, the Petitioners have been informed, that his Majesty was graciously pleased to direct the honourable Augustus

Keppell Esquire, then Commander of his Majesty’s Squadron in the Mediterranean Seas, to demand Restitution of the said Effects, lo plundered as aforesaid; and that the said Mr. Keppell, in Obedience to such Order, demanded Restitution accordingly, but has not been able to obtain the fame; the Algerines pretending, as the Petitioners have been informed, the Impossibility of their being able to make such Restitution, in regard the said Effects had been long before, as aforesaid, divided amongst many Individuals; and that under these Circumstances, as the Petitioners have been informed, in order to prevent the great Detriment and Prejudice which might accrue to the Trade of this Nation by a Rupture with the Algerines, besides the great Charge such Rupture would occasion before they could be forced to make such Restitution, it was thought more prudent to wave the said Demand, and, by a subsequent Treaty, prevent the like Accident for the future; and thereupon Mr. Keppell, in his Majesty’s Name, concluded an additional Treaty with the Dey of Algiers, whereby it is stipulated. That, for the future, all Pacquets, or Express Boats, bearing his Britannic Majesty’s Commission, should be treated with the same Rel'peCi as his Majesty’s Ships of War, and all - VOL. 27.

dueRefpeCl should be paid to his Majesty’s Commission} and further setting forth, that the Petitioners, being unwilling to give the House any unnecessary Trouble, applied to the Post-master General to be relieved in the Premises; and that the Post-masters did, upon such Application, declare that they were sensible of the Misfortune of the Petitioners; but as they did not think the same any ways owing to, or occasioned by, any Neglectc or Rcmiffness of them in their Duty as Post-master General, they could not make the Petitioners Satisfaction, nor even solicit in their behalf, left it should be inferred from thence, that they the said Post-masters had not done their Duty in the Execution of their Office; and that the Petitioners have no Right to examine the Post-master General touching their Duty, nor any Hopes of obtaining Satisfaction from the Algerines, by reason of the said additional Treaty; and that no Part of the Misfortune of the Petitioners hath been incurred by their Misconduct; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that although it has been thought prudent, on the Conclusion of the said Treaty, to wave their Right as aforesaid, yet they shall not suffer by their Confidence in his Majesty’s Protection, under whole Sanction they traded so much of their Properties on board the said Ship; and that the Advantage obtained to the Nation by the (aidTreaty, in consequence of the Misfortunes of the Petitioners, will render their Sufferings worthy of the Consideration of a British Parliament, which frequently hath had Regard to the Losses of private People, when occasioned by public unavoidable Misfortunes, as the said Petitioners apprehend their same to be: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief and Redress as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Count'd were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Wenman and Sir fames "Dafhvcood Baronet, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, examined a Wit-nel's, in order to prove that Richard Rainbow, one other Person who voted for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner Baronet, had no Freehold in the Place where he alleged his Freehold did lie; and that there was not any such Person in the said Place.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to dif* qualify Two other Persons who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner; one as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Va'ue of 40*. per Annum, and the other as not being assessed to the Land Tax.

And they having proposed to disqualify Two other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward T\'.truer, as not being assessed to the Land Tax;

And having called a Witness for that Purpose;

And the Evidence of that Witness tending to prove, that the said Two Persons had no Freehold at all in the Places where they alleged that their Freeholds did lie; and that the Estates, for which they were assessed, were Copyhold;

The said Witness, and also the Counsel on both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

And that Part of the Lift of Objections, delivered in to the House by the Counlei for the said Lord and

Sir James Dafiwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, which relates to the said Two Persons, was read;

And the Entry of the Proceedings of the House, upon Saturday last, in relation to the Cate of Stephen,

One of the Persons who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, objected to by the Counsel for

D d the

t

1

Oxford

County

Election*

Leheup's

Estatei.

io$ 16° — 17° Janu 4. 1755.

the said Lord fVenman and Sir James Dashwood, and for That the Bill oe read a Second time, the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of

the County of Oxford, was also read. Mr. Hardman reported from the Committee, to whom

And the Counl'el on both Sides were again called in the Petition ot Charles Gcore, James John,

And the Couniel for the said Lord Wenman and Sir J junior, and Irafford; and alto

James Dashwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, the Petition of the Merchants, Proprietors ot Salt Works,

and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, exa- Sugar Bakers, Glais-makers, Distillers, Beer Brewers, mined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Nine other Maltsters, and other 1 radelmen and Inhabitants, in and Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Ed- near the Borough and Port of in t he County

wardTurner, as not having been, Twelve Calendar Months Palatine of and also the Petition of the Pro-

before the said Fled ion, in Possession of the Freeholds prietors of Salt Works at and near Norilrwuh and Wins-for which they claimed to v te. ford, near the River in the County Palatine of

They also examined a Witness, in order to prove that Chester; were leveraily ret erred, I luit the Committee had Henry Whitfield, Clerk, who voted for the said Lord examined the Matter of the said Petiti ons; and had di-

Parker and Sit Edward Turner, as being Re ft or of the re fled him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, Parish of Fieldkins in the said County, was not the Re ft or to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and of the said Parish. afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Six other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner; One as being a Copy-holder, One as not being in Possession of the Estate for which he claimed to vote, Two as not having Fieeholds in the said County of the Value of 40 per Annum, and the other Two as being Leaseholders.

They also examined a W itness, in order to prove that One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward 7 urtier. was not in Possession of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote, or that such Freehold was not properly deferihed.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Ten other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner; Two as not being assessed to the Land Tax, Two as not having Freeholds in the said County of the Value of 40 s. per , Three as not being in Possession of the Freeholds for which they claimed to vote, Three as not having Freeholds in the said County of the Value of 40 r. per Annum, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax, and the other as not being in Possession of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax.

They also examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify one other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Turner, as not

having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 per Annum.

And another Witness was also examined, in order to prove that the said Person was not assessed to the Land Tax.

The said Counsel also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify one other Person, who voted for the la d Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as not having any Freehold in the Place where he alleged his Freehold did lie, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax.

And then the Couniel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Monday Morning next, with the double Return for the County oiOxford.

the same was read; and is as fodoiveth;

In Support of the A lie-gat i ns of the said Petitions,

Mr. William Taylor and Mr. Henry Berry laid, That they had surveytd the River ca’kd Brock, and the

Three Branches thereof; wh ch l iwr communicates with the River Mersey, within the Port oi and that the said River, and its Iiranc..es, aie capable of being made navigable.

Mr. Taylor laid. That large Quantities of Coals are consumed in the Salt Works at Dungeon,

Nortlrwich, and Winferd, and by the Inhab.tants of the aforesaid Towns and Places, who have made g eat Complaints of the advanced Price which Coals have been fold for of late, and of the Hu rt and uncertain Measur thereof; and that he apprehends such advanced Price is owing as well to the Difficulty of the Carriage as the Scarcity of the Coals.

Mr. Berry and Mr. Tuple r further said, That there are several Coal Mines near the said River and Branches proposed to be made navigable, from whence the Towns and Places aforesaid may be supplied at a Ids Expence, and with much greater Certainty, than they are at present; and that the effecting such Navigation, and ascertaining the Admeasurement of all Coals to be sold within the said Port of Liverpoo/e, and Places adjacent, will be of great Benefit to the several Inhabitants thereof, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Eill for making navigable the River or Brook calhd Sunkcy , and the Three several Branches thereof, from the River Mersey, below Sankey Bridges, up to B'-cadman's Slone Bridge, on the South Branch, to Bridge, on the

middle Branch thereof, and to Perns Bridge, on me North Branch thereof, all in the County Palatine ol Lnnca, r; and also for adjusting the Measur ot Coal to be brought down the said River, and loid within the Town of Liver -poole, in the said County: And that Mr

Salufbury, Mr. Bold, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Kynafon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing O:to Seller and

Albert Mahlfleile: And the same was received; and lead the First time.

Snnkfy

Ivt onk Nav igaiiwn.

SetJer’s,

«Vc.

Nas.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 1 j* die ^Januarii;

Anno 28* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1755-Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Camb, settled on the Marriage of PeterLeheup the younger, Esquire, in Trustees,

to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the Purchase-money in another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Nugent reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their common Seal, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Abraham lfnac Elton Esquire, said, That the keeping a well-regulated nightly Watch within the City of , would prevent Accidents by Fire, Street Robberies, Burglaries, and other Outrages, in the Night Time; and that

one

Bristol

Nightly

Watch.

Brown’s

Lane,

Ice.

Road.

Freflon’s

Name.

Sutton,

be.

Roads*

28 Geo. II. 170 Januarii. 103

one of the largest Wards in the said City has no Watch

at all.

And he further said. That they have not sufficient Power, either by the Laws in being, or by the Charters of the said City, for maintaining and governing a sufficient nightly Watch in the said City.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of Brifi And that Mr. Nugent, < Mr Feme, the Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Alderman Richard

Beckford, and Mr. Thomas Fdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Cujl presented to the House. according to Order, a Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road leading from the North End of Brown's , on Great Stoughton Common, in the Parish of Great ton, in the County of Huntingdon, through the Town of

Kimbolton, in the said County, and through the several Parishes of Kimbolton, Tilbrook, Louver Dean, , Hargrave, Stanwick, and Chetjloncum Caldecot, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Bedford, and Northampton, to Higham

Ferrers, and through the Parishes of Higham Ferrers, Rushden, and Ire kef er, in the said County of Northampton,

to the Way Fofl in IrcheJIer Field, near to the South End of WcUingborough Bridge, in the said County of ampton;and the Road leading from the common Pound handing on a Place called the Butts, in the Parish of Kimbolton aforesaid, through the Parishes of Kimbolton and Tilbrook aforesaid, and Great C in the said County of Huntingdon, to the Way Post in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Cordel Firebrace reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Frefion Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms o was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Cocks reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Owners of Lands, lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Twelve Mile Stone in tf.e Town of Sutton, in the County of Surrey, to and through the Borough of Reigate, in the said County, by Sidlovj Mill in the Parish of Reigate, to Povey Cross in the Parish of Charlivood, in the said County, and also

from Sutton aforesaid, through Che am and over Howell Hill, to E no ell, in the County aforesaid, and of other Persons inhabiting near, and frequently travelling, the said Roads; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen and others redding in the County of Surrey-, were severally referred;That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Alexander Broughton said, That he was well acquainted with the Roads mentioned in the Petition, which are for the most Part in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Parts so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pals, nor a Horseman pass a Carriage; and that the said Roads cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law:

And that in the Parish of Hawley, in which great Part of the said Road lies, the Parishioners have performed their Statute Work, and raised a Levy of Sixpence in the Pound; which has been inefficient to repair the said Roads.

Vol. 27.

Mr. Henry Clark and Mr. John Kilick, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr, Broughton.

To prove the Allegations of the Second Peti: ion,

Mr. Henry Clark said, That he knows the Road from Tadworth upon Walton Heath, by the Mill to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, leading to Betchworth, Leigh, and Charlwood, which joins to the Road mentioned in the former Petition, which is extremely narrow to the Top of Pebble Hill, and the rest very incommodious; and that it cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. John Griffiths.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam and over Howell Hill, to Ewell; and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Wind Mill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County: And that Mr.

Cocks and Mr. Hardinge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Kynafon reported from the Committee, to whom Calverljr the Petition of the Freeholders, Tenants, and Inhabitants, Moor of Calverley, and Parts adjacent, in the West Riding of ln"° ure;

the County of York, whose Names are subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

M r. David Greenwood produced, and explained to your Committee a Plan of the Two Lanes or Roads, one leading from Calverley to Bradford, and the other from Calverley to Pudsey.

And Mr. Mark Harvey and Mr laid, That

the flopping up the said Two Lanes will be no inconvenience to any Person whatsoever, as there are Two other Lanes equally commodious to Persons having Occasion to pass to or from the said Places.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepaie, and bring in, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common called Calverley Moor, and several other Parcels of waste Ground, within the Parish of Calverley, That they do insert a Clause or Clauses therein for fencing off, and fliutting up, Two Lanes or Roads, one called Wefi Lane, leading from the Village of Calverley to Bradford, and the other called Shell Lane, leading from Calverley aforesaid to Pudsey.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Banbury, whom the Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and other «cc.

principal Inhabitants, of the City of Coventry, the Mayor, Road.

Corporation, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing on or near the Road leading from the City of , through the

Town of Southam, in the County of Warwick, to the said Borough of Banbury, and of the Trustees to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunchurchto the Bottom of Meredin Hill, in the County of Warwick, and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of MeridinHill aforesaid to Stone Bridge, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and other principal Inhabitants, of the City of Oxford, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing on or near the Road leading from the City of Oxford to the Village or Parish of Adder bury, in the County of Oxford, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had

directed

104

170 Januarii.

1755-

directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Christopher Wright and Mr. Packard Parrot said, That the Roads described in the first-mentioned Petition are, from the Badness of the Soil, become so ruinous, that it is dangerous, in many Places, for Carriages or Passengers to pals, except in very dry Seasons, and in many Places so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass each other; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

And Mr. Richard Parrot further said. That, by reason of the ruinous Condition of the said Roads, constant Recourse cannot be had to and from the Coal Pits near

Coventry, which greatly increases the Price of Coals about Soul ha m, and in that Part of the Country.

And Mr. Ckrijlopher Wright further laid. That Three

Miles of the Road from Coventry towards Banbury is upon and along the Turnpike Road leading from Dunchurch to Stone Bridge-, and that a great Number of the Trustees for the said Road have signed the said Petition, and are willing to give any Assistance in their Power towards the Reparation of the Road from Banbury to Finford Bridge.

Mr. Francis Edge said, Thar the Road mentioned in the Second Petition is, from the Number of heavy Carriages passing along the fame, and the Nature of the Soil, become so ruinous as to be dangerous for Travellers, and almost impassable for Carriages many Months in the Year; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Coventry through the Town of Southam, in the County of

Warwick, to the Town of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from the Guide Post in the Parish of through Kidlington, in the said County, to the End of the Mice Way near the City of And that Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Craven, Mr. ,- the Lord North,

and Mr. Grove, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Manchelkr, Mr. Hardman reported from the Committee, to whom

Road Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners,

Merchants, Traders, and others. Inhabitants of the several Towns of Manchester, Rochdale, and Bury, and Places adjacent, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Samuel Touchet Esquire, and Mr. Joseph Haigh, severally laid. That they know the Roads described in the Petition; that they are extremely ruinous, and out of Repair, and in many Places so narrow, that it is difficult for Carriages to pass; and that the said Roads cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Stephen Morehouse confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Mane heft er, by a Place called the Whitt Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfal, to the Town of Rochdale; and from the said Place called the White Smithy, by a Place called BefJ'es of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and from the said Place called Bejfes of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Hardman and Mr. Reynolds do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Lowndei’ A Bill to enable William Loivndcs Slone Esquire, lately Name. called William Lowndes the younger, Esquire, and Catharine his Wife, and others therein named, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Stone, pur-

- *5

suant to the Will of Francis Lowe Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to 'Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kyuaston, Lord Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Colleton, Mr Rowney, Mr. Bayn NIr.Lyfer, Mr

Mr. Potter, Sir John PhilUpps, Mr Mr Foley,

Mr. WeJt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sir John

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr.

Fane, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ckefler, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lee, Mr. Co/ebrooke, Mr. Martin, Mr. Sandy.*, Mr. Torke, Mr. Forrcjler, Mr. A/dworth, Mr.

Mr. Drake, Sir Cor del Mr. -Nugent, Mr.

Barrow, Mr. Salnfbury, Mr. Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Barry, Mr. Mr. Hill, Sir

Willoughby Aston, Mr. Walters, Sir Roger Sir

Robert Ladbrooke, Mr. Alderman -.infort, S r Walter

Biacket, Sir Joint Rrjhov.t, Mr. Cartwright; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re(b:ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

R.efolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and Muni.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and their High Mightiness the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the one Part, and his moll Serene Highness the Elector ot Bavaria on the other Part, concluded at Hanover on the ( { of Av.gv.Jl 1750, and Translation (which were presented to the House upon the 31st Day ol January 1750), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and their High Mighti-nelles the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the one Part, and his Majesty the King of Poland Elector of Saxony, on the other Part, concluded at Dresden, September 13, 1751, and Translation (which were presented to the House upon the 16th Day of January 1752), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge,

thereof for the Year 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horl'e Guards, and Regiment ot Horse reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1753, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they ' had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

aS Geo. II.

17' — 200 Januarii.

105

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning; next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the Floufe, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to tit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock,

Lunec, 20® die 'Januarii\

Anno 28' Georgii II1" Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

f\TTO Ewald Setter and Albert Mahlftede took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A n ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, A n Act for jiKikicKonry. taking away Mortuaries in the Archdeaconry of and

giving a RecompHice therefore to the Bishop of , as Archdeacon of Chester., who holds and enjoys the said Archdeaconry in Right of his See, was read aSecond time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bury, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lyfler, Lord plin, Mr. Hay, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Sir Thomas

Hales, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Phillipson, Sir John Phillipps, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Nugent, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Doivne, Mr. Keck, Mr. Harbor, Mr. , Mr.

Westphaling, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr.

Lade, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr. Shelley, Mr.

Lyttelton, Sir Willoughby Act on, Mr. Mr. Free-

man, Mr. Walter, Mr. Rice, Mr. Beckford, Lord Mr. Caley , Mr. Campbell, Mr. Compton, Lord Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gafliry, Mr. Buller, Mr. Am-cotts-, and all the Members who terve for the Counties of Chester, York, Cumberland, and the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sutton,

&c.

Mr. Cocks presented to the House, according to Order, _ a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in

04 ’ the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid,

through Cheam and over Howell Hill, to Ewell-, and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Wind Mill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

See.

Road.

Manchester, Ordered That the Lord Strange and Mr. Saltijbiiry be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called the White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpjal, to the Town of Rochdaleand from the said Place called the White Smithy, by a Place called Bets'es of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and from the said Place called BeJJes of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Brlftcl Ordered, That Sir John Phillipps be added to the Gen-W-tttf ^erncn> who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of Bristol.

Gtafgow Mr. Gilbert Elliot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of Tw'o Penies Scots, or One Sixth of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or Ibid.within the City of QlaJ'gozv, and for extending the Vol. 27.

fame over the Villages of Gorbcllsand Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That 'the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Accounts of count of the Quantity of raw Flax imported into that , Flax’ &<i' Part of Great Britain called England, from irnPorte‘

1749, to Christmas 1754; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence imported.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of raw Flax re-exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1749, to Christmas 1754; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Linen Yarn imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1748, to Christmas 1754; distinguishing each Year.

Mr, Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Sopplyj Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make g< od his Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, purr suant to T reatv.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-leven thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1755.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Seven hundred Thirty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Trcops of Horse Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1755.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Sixty-two Pounds, be granted to his Majesty for the paying of Pensions to the \\ idows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, for the Year 1755.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-nine thousand Seven hundred Ninety-one Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Peny, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Pensioners cf Che/fea Hospital, for the Year 1755.

The laid Resolutior.s, being severally rtad a second time, were, upon the Question fcveially put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward be added to the Committee, Sandwich to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Com- Bridge, monalty, of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, and of several other Persons, Inhabitants of the said Town and Port, and Parts adjacent, whole Hands are subscribed, is referred.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to FrefW’j enable John Frefton Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, Name.

E e to

Oxford

County

jfcleflion.

xo 6 a o’ Januarii. A. 1755.

to take and use the Surname and Arms of Scrivener, was tead the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir ColonelFirebrace do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford., and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord fVenman and Sir Jamet

bafhwood Baronet, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of , who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Eight other Persons who voted for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward 'turner Baronet; Three as not being addled to the Land Tax, One as being a Leaseholder, and not assessed to the Land Tax, One as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40t. per Annum, Two as being Leaseholders, and One as not having such an Estate in the said County as is described upon the Poll taken at the said Election.

And they having examined a Wit nets, in order to disqualify James fVilmot junior, One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward as not having any Freehold in the said County j

Another Witness was examined, in order to prove that the said James fVilmot was not assessed to the Land Tax:

And Part of the Poll taken at the said Election for the Hundred of Chadl'tngton in the said County, was read, in order to shew that James fVilmot or, Father of the said James fVilmot junior, voted at the said Election for the same Freehold for which the said James fVilmot junior appears to have voted.

Then the said Counsel examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward turner, as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote.

They alto examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that Two other-Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward turner, had no Freeholds in the Places where they alleged their Freeholds did lie; and that there were not any such Persons in the said Places.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that the Freeholds for which Two other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker" and Sir Edward turner, claimed to vote, were not properly described; and that there were no such Persons in the Places where such Freeholds do lie.

They also examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify aoother Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward as not being in

Possession of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax.

They alto examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Five other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward turner; Three as not having

Freeholds in the said County of the Value of 40s. per Annum, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax, and the other Two as not being in Posselhon of the Freeholds for which they claimed to vote.

They also examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward 'turner, as not having any Freehold in the said County.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Two other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward turner, as not being in Possession of the Freeholds for which they claimed to vote, and as not being.assessed to the Land Tax.-

They also examined a Witness, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and

Sir Edward turner, as not having any Freehold in the Town where he alleged his Freehold did lie:

And they having called a Witness, in order to prove that the said Person was not assessed to the Land Tax;

The Counsel on the other Side admitted, that the said Person was not assessed to the Land Tax charged upon the said Town.

Then the Counsel for the said Lord IVcnman and Sir James Daflmood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, exa- , mined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward turner, as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax.

And they having proposed to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir turner, as not having any Freehold in the Place where he alleged his Freehold did lie, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax:

And having examined a Witness, in Support of the former Part of their Objection to the Vote of the said Person:

And the said Witness being withdrawn;

The Counsel on the other Side admitted, that the said Person was not assessed to the Land Tax.

Then the Counsel for the said Lord fVenman and Sir James Dnfhwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Two other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward turner; One as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40J. per Annum, and the other as not being assessed to the Land Tax.

They also examined a Witness, in order to prove that the Estate for which One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Par kef and Sir Edward turner, claimed to vote, was conveyed to him within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Ttvo other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward turner; One as not being inPofe fession of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax, and the other as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 s.per Annum.

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify Two other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward turner, as not being in Possession of the Freeholds for which they claimed to vote.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the double Return for the Coutny of Oxford.

The other Order of Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And Aen the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

a8 Geo. II. 210 Januarii. 107

MartiS) 2i° die;

Anno 28° Georgii IIth Regis, 1755.

Pray ers.

Sdr, \ BILL for naturalizing Otto Seller and

*f~ t\ Mahlflede, was read a Second 'lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Lyster, Mr. Chester, Mr. Mr. Sir

Thomas Clavering, Lord Strange, Sr IVa Iter Mr.

Bathttrft , Mr. Medlycoti, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Fane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lee, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Sir Charles

Mr. Hay, Mr. Popham, Mr. Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Molyneux, Mr Mr.

Northev, Mr. Coventry, Sir Gray, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

'ard, Sir Francis Dashzvood, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Dicker,

Mr. Aldus orth, Mr. Richards, Mr. Stanley, Lord Henry Powlet. Lord Egmont, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Onjlozv, Mr. Shelley,' Mr. Pye, Mr. Grad Mr. Nugent, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Keck, Mr. Thf.lethivayte, Mr. Martin, Mr. Potency, Lord Mai pas, Mr. Forre/le And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ratcliffe Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Ferry Petition of several Inhabitants of the Pari (lies of Saint khwhithe George, Saint John Wapping, Saint Paul Shadwell, Saint

" Dunjian Stepney, and Saint Ann, and of the Hamlets of Ratcliff and Poplar, and Rlackzvall, in the County of Middlesex, and of Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and Deptford, in the Counties of and Kent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Places; and also the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Anne, and of the Hamlet o and Black-

wall, in the County of Middlefewhole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Places; were referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

John Raymond F.squire, being examined, said, That the several Places mentioned in the Petition are Places of great Trade, and join to the River Thames:

And that if a Ferry was provided cross the River Thames, between Ratc/ffe ami Rotherhithe, and proper Avenues opened to and from the said Ferry, it would not only be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of Rat-clffe. Poplar, Blackwall ', Rotherhithe, and Deptford, but

to several other Persons who live at a greater Distance, who are obliged to go a great Way about in order to pals the said River.

And he produced to your Committee a Plan of the Place where the Ferry was proposed to be let up, and allb an Estimate of the Expence of setting up the lame, td-gether with f Eat of the present Application to Parliament j which he said it was apprehended, would amount, together, tOj£. 1500. in the First Instance:

v

Vol. 27.

And that the annual Expence of carrying on the said Ferry would altcrwards amount, by Computaion, to £. 146. 45.; which he divided in the fallowing Manner:

To Three Boatmen to attend Two Boats, at f. s. d.

14a. a Week each ----- 109 4 o

ear and Tear of the said Boats - - - 12 o o

Maintaining of Caulewaysand LandingPlaces 5 O o Printing, Paper, Advertisements, Officers Salaries, &c.----- - 20 00

146 4 o

Which Evidence was confirmed by Captain Roberts.

In order to prove the Allegations in the Second-mentioned Petition,

Captain Willoughby Martin, being examined, laid, That it a Landing Place were made from the said Ferry at Duke's Shore, in the Parish of Saint Aunt, in the County of Middlesex, it would render the same much more com-

modious.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the

following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the establishing and maintaining a Ferty across the River Thames, between the Ilamlct of Ratc/ffe, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, will be of great Utility and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet and Parish, and Parts adjacent, and to the Public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,'

That Provision should be made for opening and keeping in Repair proper Roads and Avenues to and from the said Ferry.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision should be made for extending the said Ferry, so as to permit the Boats belonging to the same occasionally to land Persons, Carriages, Horses, or any other Cattle, at a Place called Duke's Shore, in the County Of Middlesex, and take in such Persons, Carriages, Horses, and any other Cattle as shall be then in Kcadiness at the said Place.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That if the Income of the said Ferry shall be found

sufficient to maintain Three Boats for the Conveyance of

Carriages or Horses, or any other Cattle, in that Cule,

One of the said Boats shall be stationed at Duke's Shore,

for the Purpose of conveying Persons, Carriages, or

Horses, or any other Cattle, between the said Place and the opposite Sh 're.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a second

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

# m

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Hardinge, and Sir William Beauchamp Prodo prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ellis, from the Commissioners far executing the Navy Debt. Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 3 ill December 1754.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The Lid Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An

21° Januarii. 1755.

Navy Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the DEBT of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter 17th January 1755. J mentioned, as it flood on the 3ill December 1754.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, supplied for the Service thereof -To pay off and discharge Bills, registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1754, as also to several Bills of Exchange -To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary - For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establish-rnent made by his late Majesty in Council, on that BJialf -

Seamen’s Wages.

Due, to pay the Men, £sV.unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To payShips inSea-pay on the aforesaid 31 December 1754 To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course, v for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties toWidows

and Orphans of Men flain at Sea, tic.

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Sea-pay, and which have been paid off - -

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course ForProvisionsdelivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 21st December

*754 ....

For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Hurt; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of sick and hurt Seamen, set on Shore from his Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and for Contingencies relating to the said Service ——

The Total amounts to the Sum of One million Three hundred Ninety-four thousand Five hundred Sixty-two PoundsThree Shillings and Three Pence Farthing -From whence deducting the Money in the^ C

Treasurer’s Hands - - - -f as on the other )

And also the Money that remained to come C Side. j

in of the Supplies of the Year - -j v. "

The Debt of the Navy will then be One million Two hundred Ninety-six thousand Five hundred Sixty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings N. B. In this Debt is included for Freight, tdc. of Transports, between 1 ft January and 31 December 1754 And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between 1 January and 31 December 1754, amounts to- -

For which Sum of£. 14,400/13. 8 £. no Provision has been made by Parliament} but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Net Debt of the Navy will then be One million Two hundred Eighty-two thousand One hundred Sixty-seven Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence Farthing -

Particulars.

£ * 48^,755 18 5

46,534 — 3

54, *9° 4 155,620-----

31,470 1 6

74,827 18 9

274,086-----

10,94* *4 3

12,887 13 I 212,288 3 7

9,620 7 3

1,150 — i 12,684 8 11

TOTAL.

83,081 —

*4,9*3 3 J

3,54* 3 5

10,859 10 3J

£ 4. d.

777,57° 4 4

359,355 *3

248,630 12 11

8,505 13 —

1,394,562 3 3* 97,994 4

1,296,567 18 nl

14,400 13 8J

1,282,167 5 3J

S. Mojyn, Jo/. Allin, Dan. Devert, Bichard , R. Osborn, G. Adams.

Memorandum

o

CQ

n'

CD

Q_

cr

5s

r

*1

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the 'Navy, on the 31 fl December 1754, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned

towards Satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

tb

CO

o

r In what Treasurer’s Hands. In Money*. ( Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Tran (ports. On the Heads of y\ Seamen’s Wages, r -\ Visuals. T 0 T A I.

£ d. £ s- d. . £. s. d. £ s. d.

f In Money - - - - 7»8*6 4 3* 193 2 6| 1,827 19 8 )

Right honourable Sir John Rushout Baronet 1 ( i 10»493 '7

( D\ towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 656 10 8 -:

_ . < In Money ----- 5 >700 — 5i 227 9 6l 198 1 i*

Right honourable George Dodington Esqmre ' > 6»835 1 9 i

i D% towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 709 10 84 - )

In Money - - - 14,817 10 — 7>7" 9 3i 4,681 1

Right honourable Henry Legge Esquire - < 28,107 6 11J

/ D* towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen; - " " *97 5 11 - . J

( In Money - - . - > 16,517 18 8 16,898 18 ii| 3,i53 64)

Right honourable George Grenville Esquire< I 37,-644 r6 t

1 D% towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen m — 1,074 10 — - - - 5

44,851 13 4i 28,368 17 7 9,86011 1 83,081 2 — f

w

c

s>

o

There remained, on the 31st December last, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1754

£ *- 74,913.. 2. 3.

C

VC

110

21 ° Jannarii.

A. 1755.

Eunbury,

See/

Roads.

Leith

Harbour.

Ordered, That the fa'ul Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Notice being taken, that the Order, made upon Friday last, "That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repair- ing and widening the Roads leading from the City of " Coventry, through the Town of in the County of Warwick, to the Town of Banbury, in the County " of Oxford, and from the G in the Parish of " Adderbury, through Kidlingtin the said County, to

" the End of the Mile Way near the City of Oxford," extends to the Repair of a Road not mentioned in the Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and other principal Inhabitants, of the City of Coventry, the Mayor, Corporation, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing on or near the Road leading from the City of Coventry, through the Town of Southam, in the County of Warto the said Borough of Banbury, and of the Trustees to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other passed in the 13th Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dunclnirch to the Bottom of Meredin Hill, in the County of Warwick; and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Meredin Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed (which Petition was presented to the House upon Friday the 10th Day of this instant January)-, or in the Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and other principal Inhabitants, of the City of Oxford, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing on or near the Road leading from the City of Oxford io the Village or Parish of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford-, which Petition was presented to the House upon TuefJay the 14th Day of this instant January,

And the said Order being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Bills for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of

Warwick, through tire Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from the GuidePoji in the Village of Adderbury, in the same County, through , to the

Mile Way leading tovvaids the City of Oxford-, and to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Dunclnirch to the Bottom of Meredin Hill, in the County of Warwick -, and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Meredin Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said County; to allow, out of the Monies anting from the Tolls on the said Roads, an annual Sum towards repairing the first-mentioned Roads: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Francis Dashwood, the Lord North, Mr. Rowney, and Mr. Craven, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, on behalf of themselves, and of the Community of the said City; and also of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving and enlarging the Harbour of

Leith, and to impower the Trustees therein mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose, and for erecting Docks, and other Conveniences, on the Sides thereof; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Act was read:

And William Todd Esquire, said. That the Two thousand Pounds, provided by the said Act to be paid out of the Revenue of the City of Edinburgh, added to the voluntary Contributions, will not be sufficient to answer the Purpose; of the said Act: That several further Purchases are nee diary to be made,'before the Trustees can enter upon the Improvement of tire laid Harbour; and that a final! Duty ot Tonage on Shipping entering into the said Harbour will be neccftary to enable the Coni* millioners to complete the said Work; and that lbveral other Powers are necessary to be vested in the said Com-nnftioners, to enable them effectually to execute the Purposes of the said Act:

And further said, that the Inhabitants of the said City are in great Want of trelh and wholclomeW ater, especially in the Summer Sealon; and that it may be eaiily conveyed to the said City from several Springs in the Neighbourhood, which would be a great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants thereof.

Gawcn Hamilton and George Drummond Esquires, confirmed the Evidence given by the said Mr. Todd.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act for improving and enlarging the Harbour of Leith, and to impower the Trustees therein mentioned to purclntfe Lands for that Purpose, and for erecting Docks and other Conveniencies on the Sides thereof, and for laying a Duty of Tonage on Shipping entering into the said Harbour; and for the better supplying the said City of Edinburgh with fresh and wholefonie Water:

And that Mr. Alexander and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Colonel Griffn reported from the Committee, to Basingflokf, whom the Petition of the Bailiff, approved Men, and &c. Burgoffes, of the Borough of Andover, in the County of ^02cis-Southampton-, and also the Petiti >n ol several Gentlemen,

Cicrgy, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Southampton, were referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as th.yappeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Several Members present at the Committee said. That the Roads deforibed in the said Petitions are become lb deep and founderous, that the same cannot be passed by Travellers in the Winter without great Danger, and are, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

The Lord Dozcne reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Lid Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ir in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Sir Henry Ibbetson Baronet, being examined, informed your Committee, That the Town of Leeds is very large and populous, consisting of many Streets and Lanes, and is inhabited byTradefmen, Manufacturers, and Aitificers, who are obliged to go late and early with great Burthens; and that Burglaries and Robberies are frequently committed in the said Town, which might be prevented, if the said Streets and Lanes were properly enlightened.

He further added, that the Pavements in the said Town are in bad Condition; but that if the same were properly regulated, it would be of general Advantage.

Mr. William Wadfaccrlh, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence in every Particular.

Ordered,

Leeds Streets, See.

/, rr ‘ C ( Tt

t

t;

P

ll

JBlJTean’s

Name.

Stevenage

to

Bigrfefwnde Road.

Ready’s

Name.

Mdell’s

Ballad

Machines.

28 Geo. II. 210 Januatii. m

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlightening the Streets and Lanes, and regulating the Pavements, in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York: And that the Lord Dowite and Mr. Nugent do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Ho.ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Samuel Blackwell, heretoiore called Samuel Kill;can, and his Heirs, to take and ule the Surname of lilac knell only, pursuant to the Will ok Jonathan wed, deceased, and to hear the like Arms which were borne by the said Jonathan Blackwithout any Amend-

ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, to Bigglejwade, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Roads from the North End of the said Roads, to the Toli Gate at the North End of the said Town of g/cfwade; without any Amendment: And also,

J he Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Alexander Ready Esquire, and his Issue by Sophia his Wife (lit 0 Sophia Edwards'), to take and use the Sur-

name ot Co If: 0:1, pursuant to the Will of Edward Coif on Esquire, deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were borne by the said Edward Coif on: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the xMeflengers withdrew.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of cester and Warwick, and City of Coventry, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Ho/led said, That the Road leading from the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry, is in a very ruinous Condition, and very narrow; and that the Statute Work is not sufficient for repairing the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of through

the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry: And that Sir Charles , Sir Thomas

Palmer, Sir Cordel Firebrace, and Mr. Craven, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Pitt, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

An Estimate of the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the ‘iqsh.oijune 175.4, to the 24th of June 1755.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

AN Estimate of the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1754, to the 24th ok June 1755.

To the Salaries of the Governor, and other Civil Officers, established in the Colony -To the Allowance to a Mirifter of the Church ok England established at Savannah To the Salaries of Two Schcolmasters, One at Savannah, and One at and A Sion

To an Allowance to the Pilot Rationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and sufficient Hands -

To the Expence of repairing the public Buildings, entertaining the Indians, and other incidental Expences ——

To the Salary of the Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony - -

To a Continuance of the Provisions made by the late Trustees for purchasing, from the Growers, the Bails or Cocoons of raw Siik, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture ot that Commodity - -

£. s. d. 1,020 — — > 70-----

32-----

50-----

435 10 — 35°-----

1,000

2’957

xo —

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peruftd by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of the l ow'd ok Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the Petition of Richard Lydpresented to the

House upon the 8th Davofthis Instant relating to

anew Sort of Machines or Vessels invented by him for the Removal of Earth, Ballad, Sand, or any kind of Matter, from any Port, River, Harbour, Creek, or Inlet; and alleging, that, by the Letters Patent granted to the said Richard Lyddell for the sole Use of his laid Invention, the Petitioners apprehend the Removal of Earth, Sand, Rubbish, Rocks, Stones, or any other kind of Matter, now ac-tuallyaNuifance, or hereafter becominga Nuisance, to any Port, River, Harbour, Creek, or Inler, was only intended; and also reciting the Provisions in Two Acts of Parliament, one made-in the 34th and 35th Years of King Henry the Eighth, lor the Pidervation of the River Severn, and the Vol. 27.

other in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Chanels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England, to prevent the throwing ot Ballast or Rubbish, into any Haven, Road, Chanel, or River j and further alleging, that it is of the utmost Consequence to the Preservation of Havens, Roads, Chanels, and navigable Rivers, that all Ballast, which shall be unladen out of any Ship, Boat, or other Vefll-1, should be cast upon the dry Land only, where the Tide never flows; and that, by permitting Ballast to be thrown out of Ships, or other Yes. leis, into other Ships, Boats, or Vessels, under Pretence of conveying the same Ballast out to Sea, many Annoyances may be done, to the Detriment and Obstruction of Navigation; and that the said Richard , for the

Space of Ten Months past and upwards, under Colour of his Majesty’s said Letters Patent, hath applied himself to great Numbers of Mailers or Owners of Ships and Vessels coming to the Port of Neucafle upon Tyne, and hath procured many Thousands of Tons of Ballast to be cast and thrown out of Ships riding within the said Haven or Port,

into

Market

Harborough,

&c. ‘ Road.

Account {. Colony of Georgias

LvcMeTs

Bh last tylaciiines,

Ditto*

Ditto.

II2 ai° Januarii. 175 5\

into his the said Richard Lyddeil s Machines or Vessels; said River; and alleging, tint at the M*uth of t h.e fair!

pretending that the said Ballad is carried out to Sea by River, there is a Bar, and also a large Bed of Sand, called

the said Machines or Vessels, and dilcl.arged where the the Hera, and any great Intricate of Ballail or Sand upon

fame cannot be any Detriment to Navigation; and that the said Bar or Herd would be of fatal consequence to

the said Richard Lyddell's Machine, or Vessels, are so the Port and Harbour of Nen'cnflle upon Tyne; and that

conflru&ed and contrived, that it is impoflibie for any there is not any other Harbour within the D dance of 30

Penon except the Persons who are on board the said Ma- Leagues, cither to the North or South of the said River,

chines or VdfeF, and employed in managing th.e Trap- capable of receiving Ships or Vessels ab >ve the Draught

doors or Hindus of the said Machines or Vessels, to of Fourteen Feet Water at high Water; and that fine?’

know when or where the Ballad is discharged out of the the said Richard Lyddell*s Machines and \ eflels have been

said Machines or Vess ls; and that the said Richard Lyd- employed in taking Ballad from Ships in the Hid River,;

dells employing the said Machines or Vessels, in manner both the Herd and the Bar at the Mouth of the said Riverj

aforesaid, is extremely dangerous to the Navigation of extend further'out towards the Sea, and also further into

the Port <.nd River of Newcastle upon Tyne; and, if per- the River; and that if the said Bar fir mid be injured by

mitted to go on, may tend to the Ruin of the Coal Trade any Means, and the Harbour destroyed, it would not be

from the said Port, and, in time, may be of fatal Con- in the Power of human Art to restore it again to any

sequence to this Kingdom in general: And therefore ex- tolerable Degree of it’s present Uicfulness, and the Public,

pressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that, in case the thereby would receive an irreparable Lois: And therefore;

Houfo ilvJJ think fit to enlarge the derm granted to the expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that, if the House

said Richard Lyddell by the said Letters Patent, or to grant flu>uld think fit to grant the said Richard L\ddell any

him any other Encouragement, the House will provide Encouragement, the House will provide that he shall be

that he be retrained from making use of his laid Machines refrained from making use of his said Machines or Vessels

or Vessels for any other Purposes than for the Removal in taking Ballast out of Ships or Vessels in the said River

of Nuitances already actually accrued, or that hereafter Tyne.

may a&ually accrue, in any Porr, River, Harbour, Creek, Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Conor Inlet. fnleration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of

A Petition of his Majesty’s Jufhces of the Peace, af- Richard lyddeil is referred; And that they do examine lemblcdat their General Quarter Sessions, held at Durham the Matters of thefo Petitions; and report the lame, with, on Wednesday the Fifteenth Day of January 1755, in and their Opinion thereupon, to the House, for the County Palatine of Durham, was alto prefen red Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee

to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Mayor have Voices, and Burgesses of the Town of Neivcafth upon Tyne, beyond Memory, have provided convenient and proper Ordered, That the Instruction pverr to the Committee;' Keying Ballad Sho es or Keys, for the Reception of all Ballast to of Privileges and Elections, upon Friday the 10th Day of be thrown out ot Ships in the said River; and alleging, this Indant January, for hearing, Tomorrow, the Matter that ail Ballad evil out of any Ship or other \ eflel within of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complaining ot an any Haven, Port, Read, Chanel, or navigable River, undue Election and Return for the Borough ot Reading* within that Part of Great Britain called England, ought, in the County of Berks, be discharged. do be thrown only up.O.n dry Land, where the Tide never Ordered, That it be an lndructton to the said Commit-flows; and reciting the said Peiuion of Richard lyddeil, tee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition’ and containing the same Aiiegiiions as are mentioned in upon Wednesday the 12th Day of February next, the preceding Raition, in-rehnon tv) xhc said Richard

Ly dells taking Ballad out of Ships in the River Tin:, The House being informed. That Lieutanant General H.flvrere and the Stp.idture of his Machines employed for that Pur- James Og/ehorpe, whole Petition, complaining ot an un- k.cuaoa. pose; ami also in relation to the Danger which may arile due Election and Return for the Borough of liajlemere, in therefrom to the said River: And therefore expressing the the County of Surrey, was, in pursuance of the Order of Hope of the Petitioners, that, in case the House shall the House, of Wednesday lad, begun to be heard \ ester-

think fit to enlarge the Term granted by the said Letters day before the Committee ot Privileges and Elections, and

Patent to the fuel Richard Lyddell, the House will pro- (lands in Course to be further heard at the next Sitting of vide that all Ballad, to be cad or unladen out of any the said Committee, desires, in consequence of the lieio-Ships or other Vessels in the said R iver Tyne, or any other lution which the Committee came to Yesterday, with navigable River, shall be cad upon the dry Land, where respect to the Explanation of the Right of Election for the T ide or W ater never flows or runs, and not elsewhere. the said Borough, that some further Time may be allowed

A Petit ion of his Majesty’s J u ft ices of the Peace, af- him for making out his Cafe;

fenrbled at their General Quarter fkflions, held at AI or- Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee

e/Z/inand for the County of Non hum her land on Wednesday of Privileges and Elections, That they do not proceed in the Fitteenth Day of January in the Year of our Lord the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition of 1755, was ah° preilnted to the I louie, and read; recit- James Esquire, Lieutenant General in his Ma-ing the said Petition of Richard Lyddell, and containing jesty’s Forces, complaining of an undue Election and the same Allegations as are mentioned in the la ft preced- Return for the B trough of in the County of

ing Petition: And expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, Surry, until after the Hearing of the Petition of that, in case the IJoule shall think fit to enlarge the Term Lutterell Esquire, and Richard IJufj Esqiure/compjuining

granted by the said Letters Patent to the said Richard of an undue Election and Return for the borough of Lyddell, the House will provide that the said Machines Midjhollotherwile Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall. or Vessels shall not be used for taking Ballall out of Ships,

so as to prejudice the Navigation of the said River dyne, Mr. Gower reported from the Committee, to w’.vcihan-.?-

tiader Pretence of carrying such Ballast out to Sea. whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the ciiaeel.

A Petition of the Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen, of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of S/ajford, was Trinity-house in the Town and County of Newcastle upon referred, That the Committee had examined tire Matter Tyne, was also presented to the House, and read; reciting of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the the said Petition of Richard Lyddell, and containing the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read

lame Allegations as are mentioned in the preceding Peti- the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at

tions, in relation to the said Richard Lyddell’s taking Bal- the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as

kft out of Ships in the River Tyne, and the Structure of followeth; viz.

the Machines employed by him for that Purpose; and To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

also in relation to the Shores and Keys in the said River, Mr. William Perks, being examined, said. That there is

for the Reception of Ballast thrown out of Ships in the but One Church belonging to the said Town; and that

the

Oxford

County

Electiou.

Brown’s

Lane,

See.

Road.

28 Geo. II.

21° — 22°

the Church-yard is not capable of holding all the Corps, so that several are carried to other Places to be buried:

That a Subscription of £. 2,coo. and upwards, is already made for building a new Chapel in the said Town; but that Subscription not being futHcient, the Earl of Stamford proposes to give £. 1,000. towards the building the said Chapel, upon Condition that he and his Heirs for ever be invelled with a Eight of nominating the Minister thereof:

That the Proprietors of the Lands necessary for the making convenient Roads to the said intended Chapel, are willing to give their Land for that Purpose, except a i’mail Parcel cf Prebend Land, which must be purchased by the Subscribers. Then

Mr. John JsJfon, One of the Proprietors of Land in the said Town, informed your Committee, that himself and the rest of the Proprietors of certain lands, called Cock Crofts, are willing to give Two Acres of the said Land for the Purpose of building the said Chapel, and for a Chapel-yard thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting and building a new Chapel in the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of And that Mr.

Leveson Goiver, Mr. Grey, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.'

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord and Sir James

Dashwood Baronet, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of , who have

petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Pour other Persons, who voted for the Lord Parker and Sir Turner

Baronet; Three as not having any Freeholds at all in the said County, and the other as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 s. per Annum.

They also examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify one other Person who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as not having any Freehold in the said County.

The same Witness was also examined, in order to disqualify one other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as not having any Freehold in the said County.

And another Witness was examined, in order to disqualify One other Pertbn, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, as not being in Post'cftlon of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote.

And the said Counsel having gone through, and summed up, their Evidence;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of 1 ters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till ThurslayMorning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon ThursdayMorning next, with the double Return for the County of Oxford.

And tlieftn the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 22* die

Anno 28" Georgii IIdi Regis, 1755.

Pk a y e r s.

AB ILL for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road leading from the North End of Browne's Lane, on Great Stoughton Common, - in the Parish of

Vol. 27.

Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through the Town of Kimboltcn, in the said County, and through the several Pari flics of KimboltonTilbrook, Lower Dean, Shelton, Hargrave, Stamvick, and Chelfton cum Calae.cot, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Bedford, Northampton,

to Higham Ferrers, and through the Parishes of Ferrers, Rufiden, and Ire lifer, in the said County of Northampton, to the Way Post in Irchefer Field, near to the South End of W e/lenborough Bridge, in the said County of Northampton; and the Road leading from the common Pound (landing on a Place called the Butts, in the Parish of Kimbolton aforesaid, through the Parishes of Kimbolton and Tilbrook aforesaid, and Great Cat worth, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the in Great Catzvcrth

Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of

tingdon; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cf, Mr. Foley , Lord Cary fort, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Earle, Lord Harley, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Caley, Mr. Dawkins, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Mr. Hammond, Mr. Symmens, Mr. Lyfer, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Boives, Dr. Hay, Mr. Crowle, Colonel Griffin, Mr.

Gore, Sir WilloughbyAfcn, Mr. Hale, Mr. Sir

John Phi/lipps, Sir Robert Ladbrooke, Lord Royston, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Carlwiight, Mr. Popham, Alderman

in/ou, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProClor, Mr. Lifer, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sharpe, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Scott,

Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

Moore, Lord Shelbonrne, Mr. Mr. Lade, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Lowndes; and all the Members who servefor the Counties of Huntingdon, Bedford, Northampton, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, That the Chamberlain of the City of London attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Dirctflions of an Act of Parliament.

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relicf of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, on the 5th Day of July 1754.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Accountdo lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Alexander Ready Esquire, and his Issue by Sophia his Wife (late Sophia Edwards), to take and use the Surname of Coif on, pursuant to the Will of Edward Co/fon Esquire, deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were borne by the said Edward Colfon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Poirier, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Several Papers relating to the Fort at together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read; and is as followeth; viz. N° 1. An Account of the Expences already incurred in rebuilding the Fort at Annamaboe by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

2. Extracts of Letters from the Coart: of Africa; viz. From Thomas Me/vil Esquire, Governor of Cape Coaf, dated 7th January 1753.

From Ditto, 25th and 26th Ditto.

From Ditto, 24th February Ditto.

G g From

Accounts from the Chamber Iain of London,

Ready's

Name,

African

Company,

114 22° Januarii.A. 1755.

From ’John Apperl Esquire, Engineer at Anna-maboe, loth March Ditto.

From Thomas Me/vil Esquire, nth Ditto.

From Ditto, 13th Ditto.

From Ditto, 14th Ditto.

From Mr. Chrijhphe Why tell, Agent at A ana ma-

boe, 1 ilh Ditto.

From John Apperley Esquire, 2 id Ditto.

From Thomas Mdvil Esquire, 24th April and 12th May Ditto.

From Ditto, 22d September Ditto.

From Mr. Chrij Why tell, nth

Ditto,

From John Apperley, Esquire, 13th June 1754.

From Thomas Mdvil Esquire, 2tft Ditto.

3. Plan of Annamaboe Fort, lo tar as the Building

was carried on 13th June 1754, with a Reference to the said Plan.

4. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Faulkner of the

St. Albans Man of War, dated at Barbadoes, 4th August 1753.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruf-d by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved among!! the other

Papers of this Session.

BaCngstoke, A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, In-Roads habitants of the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read j taking Notice of the Petition presented to the House, upon Thursday last, for repairing the Roads from the Town of in the County of

Southampton, through Wort in, to the Town of Overton, in the same County, and from thence through the Town of Whitchurch and Hurjborn Pryors to the Town of Andover, in the feme County , and from Andover, through Middle

Wallop, to a Place called Lobcvmb Corner, in the Parish of Winterflow, in the County of Wilts; and alleging, that if Provision was made for repairing the Roads through the said Towns of Overton and Andover, the same would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and all Persons travelling the said Road: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for repairing the Roads through the said Towns.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committtee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, asit shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Griffin, Mr. Mr.

Delaval, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Mr. Pozvletl,

Mr. Colleton, Sir John Mr. Vernon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Watson, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Martin, Mr. Gere, Mr. Alexander, Dr. Hay, Mr.

Egerton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. More, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Earle, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. L\fer, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Symmons, Sir Robert Ladbrooke, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Alderman Bechford, Mr. , Lord Harley, Mr. McdlicoMr. Nugent, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Amcotls, Mr. Cocks, Sir John Peachy, Mr. ForresteMr. Mr. Gyb-

bon, Mr. Sarjaut; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Southampton, Berks, Wilts, Surrey,

and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to tend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sonlfhy’a Sir Thomas Clavering presented to the House, accord-Eame. ing {0 Qrc]cr- a RjU to enable Christopher Soul/by Esquire, now called Christopher Reed, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Reed: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Leheup’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veftj^g divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Cambridge, settled on the Marriage of *5

Peter Leheitp the younger, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the Purchase-money in another Ettate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be committed to lord Dnpplin, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Weji, Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr.

Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Mr. Martin, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Grey, Mr. Earle, Mr. llardinge, Mr. Beek/ord, Sir John Turner, Sir John , Mr. Lyjler, Mr. IVilkiuJ’on, Mr. Burrell, Mr. More, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Cocks, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. More ten, Mr. Caley, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Yorke, Dr. Hay, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mr.

Crozvle, Mr. Amyand, Sir John Mr. Butler, Mr.

Watson, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Cooke, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gray, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. , Mr. Kynafon, Lord She!bourne, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Totvnshend, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Walter, Mr.

Mr. Powney, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Alderman Porter, Mr. Foley, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Henley, Mr. Finch, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Symmons, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Hamilton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, Hertford,

and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr.Nugent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of And the

lame wras received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Inhabitants, and Tradesmen, living in and near the Towms of Stow on the Wold, and Moreton in , in the County of Gloucester, and others of the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred, be revived.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

And a Motion being made, That the said Bill be read a Second time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as tar as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fir.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and

Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, and Ilereditametns, in the County of Worcester, late the Estate of Thomas Mcfon, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement; and for applying the Money arising thereby for dischargir.g Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the comrhon Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of

Churchover,

Bristol

N^hrly

Watch.

Bur ford Lane Road.

Kenilworth

Inclosure.

Mason’s E flute.

Churchover

Inclotirtt.

8 Geo. II. 2a0 — 230 JanuariL 1x5

Chiirchover, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 30 Januarii;

Anno 28° Georgii lldl Regis, 1755.

Praters.

Setter, *\ T R. Kynnjlonreported from the Committee, to whom jLVX the Bill for naturalizing Olio Set Ur and Al-

bert Mahijiede, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Monmouth Mr. Benjamin Bathnrjlpresented to the House, accord-oa s‘ ing to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Burford Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Inhabitants, and Tradesmen, living in and near the Towns of Ci-rencester. Stow on the Wold, and Moreton in the County of Gloucester, and others of the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. JointChaundler Ready and Mr. John Bidmead said,

That the greatest Part of the Roads described in the said Petition, are so very ruinous and deep in many Places, as to be dangerous for Carriages and Passengers, and in ether Parts very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-pairing and widening the Road leading from the Hand and Pojiat the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of cefier, through several Parishes, to the Town of Slow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and also the Road from the Hands on Salford Hill, leading through several Parishes to join the Turnpike Road from Burford to Gloucester, at a Place called the Hand and Poji, in the Parish of well, in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Chester, and Sir Charles Mordaunt, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sankey Ordered, That Mr. Bold be added to the Gentlemen,

Navigation w'10 are aPP°'ntc'd to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for making navigable the River or Brook called Sankey Brook, and the Three several Branches thereof from the River Mersey, belong San Bridges, up to Stone Bridge on the South Branch, to on

the middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge on the North Branch thereof, all in the County Palatine of caster-, and also for adjusting the Measure of Coal to be Vol. 27.

brought down the said River, and fold within the Town of Liverpool, in the said County.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgefl'es of the Borough of Droitwich, in the county of ; and also of the

Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, relidirg in and near the said Borough; was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Henry Roberts said. That the Roads leading from Netherwich Bridge, within the said Borough through the Lancs called Hampto and the Hide Lane, to a Place called Low Hill on Hartlebury Common (being the direct Market Road towards the Borough of

tninfer, in the County of Worcester) and the Road between the said Hampton Lane and Hartlebury Common, leading over Mu(lardGreen to a Place called the Spout in the

Parish of Hagley; and also the Road or Lane called Dor-dale Lane, leading out of Hampton Lane aforesaid into the Turnpike Road between Ombersley and the Mitre Oak, towards the Borough of Bewdley, in the said County; and also the Lanes called Frog Latte and Back Bridge Lane, within the said Borough; are in a very ruinous Condition; and that Waggons and Carriages cannot pass thereon in the Winter Sealon; and that the said Roads are very narrow and dangerous for Travellers on Horseback; and that the Statute Work is not sufficient to repair the fame:

And that if the said Roads were repaired, the Salt Works might he supplied with Coals at a much cheaper Rate than they now are.

Mr. Henry Bray confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Roberts in every Particular.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from Netherwich Bridge, within the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, through the Lanes called Hampton Lane and Lane, to a Place called Low Hill cn Hartlebury Common; and the Road between the said PJampton Lane and Hartlebury Common, leading over MujlardGreen, to a Place called the Spout in the Parish of Hagley, and also the Road or Lane called Dorda/e, leading out of Hampton Lane aforesaid into the Turnpike Road between and the

Mitre Oak; and also the Lancs called Frog Lane and Back Bridge Lane, within the said Borough: And that Mr. Foley, Mr. Kynafon, and Mr. Harley, do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

Colonel Griffin reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, Inhabitants of the County of Southampton, was referred. That the Committee hat] examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Several Members present at the Committee said, it would be of great Advantage to the Towns of Overton and Andover, it the Roads through the same were effectually repaired, and to all Persons travelling the said Road.

The House was moved. That the Report, which, upon Tuesdaylaff, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiff, approved Men, and BurgcfTes, of the Borough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, was referred, might be. again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered,

Droitwich

Roads.

Basingstoke,

&c.

Reads.

ii6

230 — 240 Januariu A. 1755-

Carmarthen

EL&ion.

OviUred% That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, through Worth, Overton, Whitchurch, Hurfoorn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterfiow, in the County of Wilts: And that Colonel Grijfin, Mr. Dazukins, Mr. Dekival, and Sir John Mordaunt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Complaint being made to the House, that Natha-nael Morgan and John Philipps the elder, having been l'erved with an Order of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, for permitting Griffith Philipps Esquire, and his Agents, to inspect any of the original Polls taken at any Election of Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the County Borough of Carmarthen, or any Charters, Records, Rates, Assessments, Certificates, public Books, or public Writings, belonging or relating to the said County JBorough, had not complied with the said Order;

Thomas Lends was called in; and, at the Bar, examined in relation to the Matter of the said Complaint, and produced the said Order of the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

And then he was directed to withdraw*.

And the said Order of the Committee of Privileges and Elections was read.

And the said Thomas Lends was again called in, and examined with respect to that Part of the said Complaint which relates to the said Nathanael Morgan.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

He was again called in, and further examined in relation ro the same Part of the said Complaint.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

He was again called in, and further examined in rcla-tion Jo the same Part of the said Complaint.

And then he w*as again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Nathanael Morgan do attend this House upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 5th Day of February next.

Then the said Thomas Levels was aeain called in, and examined in relation to that Part of the said Complaint which relates to the said John Philipps the cider.

And then he was directed to withdrawn

Ordered, That the said John Philipps the elder do attend this House upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 5th Day of February next.

The House being informed, that Mr. Arthur Jones, Merchant in Carmarthen, may be a material Witness to be examined in relation to the Matter of the said Complaint;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Arthur Jones do attend this House upon Wednesday Sevennight, the jth Day of February next.

The llcnfe being a!so informed, tint Mr. John Evans, who acts as Town Clerk for the County Borough of Carmarthen, may be a material W itneis to be examined in relation to the Matter of the said Complaint;

Ordered, That the said Mr. John Evans do attend this House upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 5th Day of February next.

The House being also informed, that Mr. Kedgzuin Wcobley may be a material Witness to be examined in relation to the said Complaint;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Kedgzuin Wcobley do attend this House upon Wednesday Sevennight, the Fifth Day of February next.

The House being also informed, that Mr. Isaac Bar-grave may be a material Witness to be examined in relation to the said Complaint;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Isaac Hargrave do attend this House upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 5th Day of February next.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Lewis do attend this House upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 5th Day of February next.

Mr. Ellis, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pro-fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Roya! Navy, from the 31 ft of December 1733, to the 31st of December 17 5.5, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service.

And the Title of t.'^c laid Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Navy Office, } A N Account of the Number of 2ifl January 1755. 3 Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1753, to the 31st December 1754, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 16th January 1755.

Months. Borne. Mustered.

January - - 9>301 9,209

February - - 9.4 9° 9»315

March - - 9-4^7 9,106

1 1 1 £ - 9,87s 9,537

A Jay - m 10,002 9,700

June - - 10,051 9»7 7 3

July - - - 10,101 9,677

August - 10,284 9,966

September - - 10,310 9,794

October - - 10,786 10,342

November - - 11,065 10,593

December - - "»035 10,552

121,791 117,564

Upon a Medium - 10,149 9,797

5. Moflyn, Jof Allin, Dan. Devert, Richard Hall,

R. Osborn, G. Adams.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner Baronet W’ere heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Healing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

O) tiered. That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Tuesday Morning next, with the double Return for the County of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris,240 die Januarii;

Anno 28° Georgii IT1 Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

fjRDERED, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House.an Account ot all thelndico imported from the British Colonies in , for Seven Years

last pad; distinguishing each Year, and what was imported

into

Account

Seamen

Oxford County Electio:

Account

Info

Imported

2 8 Gro. II.

24® Januarii.

lxl

Accounts of FJax, See. imported.

into the Port df London, and what to the Out Ports; and Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table

also what Part thereof received the Bounty. Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay be- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

fore this House, an Account of all Indico imported from Mr. John Planner said, That he has known the said Pa-

foreign Parts into Great Britain, for Ten Years last pail; rish above Thirty Years; and that the Inhabitants thereof distinguishing each Year. are exempt from the Laws and Customs of the City of

London, and enjoy no Benefit from the several Acts fof The House being informed, that Mr. Oxenford, from regulating the nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets, the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; within the said City: That the Vestry of the said Parish He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the chuse Constables, Watchmen, and Scavenger's, and make House, pursuant to their Orders, Rates for defraying the Charge thereof; but have no Au-

An Account of the Quantity of raw Flax imported into thority to enforce the Payment of such Rates; so that fe-that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas veral Persons refuse to pay the same, and others Only pay* 1749, to Christmas 1753; distinguishing each Year, and a Part of the Sum charged on them; and that the Defi-

the Places from whence imported: And also, ciencies in the Watch and Scavengers Rates, within the

An Account of the Quantity of raw Flax re-exported Twelve last Years, have amounted to 374 / from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christ- ' That there are above 300 Houses in the said PatifK; mas 1749, to Chtiftmas 1753; distinguishing each Year; and that great Part thereof is intirely without Lafnps,

And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Linen Yarn imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1748, to Christmas 1753; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tides of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

which is very inconvenient and dangerous to the Inhabitants.

Mr. Mathew Peo/,being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Planner; and added, that he had served the Office of Churchwarden, and could never raiie any mote Money on the Rates for the Watch and Scavengers than what t he Inhabitants voluntarily chose to pay

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better enlighteningandcleanfing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Bartholomew the , and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish: And that Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Ri-

C,hC?w A Bill for continuing and rendering more effectual an Wenie* Act, passed in the 9 th Year of the Reign of his present B eckfor d, and Sir Robert Ladbrooke, do prepare, and

®cots* Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of bring in, the fame.

Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth of a Peny Sterling, on

every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of G/afgow, and for extending the same over the Villages of Gorbel/s and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert El-

liot, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Egerton, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Potter, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hard-

inge, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Popham, Mr.

Aldworlh, Mr. Tor he. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cocks, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr Prowse, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lowndes, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Ottoand Albert Mahljtcde, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing O and Albert Mahljlede.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of

Mr. Gore, Mr. Chester, Mr. , Sir Francis Drake,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fane, Mr. Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Lyjler, Sir John Phillipps, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Northey, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lefde, Mr. Sergijon, Mr. More, Mr.

through Cheam and over Howell Hill, to; and also

the Road from Tad-worth, by the Wind Mill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Moreton, Mr. Grey, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Calvert, Sir

Lo'vnrlf $’

Name.

Powney; and all the Members who serve for North Bri- Francis Poole, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Yotige, Mr. tain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Aid-worth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Hay, Mr. John Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. , Mr. Martin, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Sandys, Air Nu-

gent, Mr. Webb, Sir John Phillipps, Mr. John York, Lord Mr. Lozvndcs reported from the Committee, to whom Bateman, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Mr. Champion,

the Bill to enable William Lowndes Slone Esquire, lately Air. Henry Pelham, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Cole-called Wiliam Lowndes the younger, £f quire, and Cat ha- Hooke, Mr. Richards, Mr. Myddelton, ?dr.

fine his Wife, and others therein named, to take and ule the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Stone, pursuant to the Will of Francis Lozve Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allcga-

Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Elliot, Sir John Cujl, Mr. AJJleck, Mr. Sir Charles -

daunt, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Bjrtliolomevr,

London; W.rch and Ligiuifli'.

Setler,

&c.

Kut.

SllttORs

&c.

Road«

tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that son, Mr. Alderman Porter, Mr. Olmins, Mr. Lyttelton, the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Mr. Campbell, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Northey, Mr. Onslow, House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Air. Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Rowney, Air.

Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Lewis, Mr. Grenville, Lord Downe, Mr.; and all

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted. the Alembers who lerve for the Counties of Surrey, Suf-

sex, Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee, to this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, Chamber.

Vestrymen, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint

Bartholomew the Great, London, whole Names are there-, Sir Conyers reported from the Committee, to

unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen and Free-the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred, That the holders of the County of whole Names are there-Committee had examined the Alatterof the said Petition j unto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had and had directed him to report thefime, as it appeared examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his jedted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to Vol. 27. Hh the

Tliirflt

to

Maftiara

Road.

H«n!ey

Bridge,

Sec

, Road.

ij$ 24°Januarii. 'A. 1755-

the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and Magdalen Bridge, m -the faith County, is referred And afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.report the fame, as it fir all appear to them, to the House.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Ordered, That the said Committee be revived.

Mr. John Hall, being examined, said, That the Road

mentioned in the said Petition is in a very bad Condition, Mr. Belchier reported from tire Comm it tee, to whom ind in several Places very narrow, and cannot be effectu- the Petition of the several Justices of the Peace, Gentle-ally amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course men, Clergy, Freeholders, and other'principal Inhabitants -61 Law. - refilling in or near the several Towns, V illages, and Roads,

Then the Agent for the Petitioners produced to your therein after-mentioned, in the County of Surrey, was re-Committee, an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of his ferred, That the Committee-had examined the Mattcrortho present Majestyrs Reign, for repairing the high Road lead- said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, tng from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the-Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft Bridge on the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the River Tees, and from thence through Darlington, in the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as fui-»

County of Durham; which was read; and also an Order loweth; viz.

made by the Trustees appointed by the said Act; and also . To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

the Content of the several Persons who have lent Money Mr. George and Mr. Thomas lard,

on the Credit of the Tolls to be collected by virtue of the That the Road from through to , is

fame, that the Toll-house and Turnpikes at Busby Slobb in a very ruinous Condition, occasioned by the many shall be taken down and set up at some other convenient heavy Carriages paCiag through the lame, and in feveraF Place in the said Road leading from Baroughbridge to the Places very narrow and incommodious; and Mr.

City of Durham. fold said, That the Number of Carriages paffi-ng on tho.

A Member present informed your Committee, that the said Road have greatly increased since the Att for the Lie amending the said Road will be of great Advantage to the of broad Wheels took place-; and Mr further

Country in general. said, That a Collection of about 400l. was made the lad

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-- Year, which has been found infulheient for the Repara-' pairing and widening the Road from Thirsk, over Skiplon tionthereof; that ifthe laid Road was efte&ually repaired

Bridge, through BalderJby, to Baldersby Gate, adjoining and widened (which cannot be done by the Laws in to Hutton' Moor, in the Way to Ripen, and through Ain-. being), it would be of public U tility, and of great Ad van -derby. Quern how, and Nojlerfield, by Well Flashes Gate, tageto the Cities of London and and Borough

to Masham, in the County of York; and likewise for of

removing the Tdll-house and Turnpike Gates At Busby Mr. Alexander Bridges, Mr.- Martyn, and Mr. Slobb, in the said County, to tome other convenient Place John Lingfield, confirmed the Evidence of Mr.;

in the Road leading from Baroughbridge to the City of and said, That the Road from Ewell to Durham: And that Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Aijlabie, Thames, and Thames is become very ruinous, and

Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Robert Hildyard, and the Lord Dozaue, is in many Places very narrow and incommodious; anil

do prepare, and bringin, the lame. that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened

by the present Methods appointed by the Laws in

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in being.

Execution an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for . of his pTelent Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dor- from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell.

ckejltr Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, And to . to Kingston upon Thames, and Thames: And that

a Place called the Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Mag- Mr. Belchier and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the dalen Bridge, in the said County; and also of several Gen- lame, tlemen and other Pirfons refidingin or near, orfrequently

travelling through, the Roads leading from the End of Sir Lionel Pilkington reported from the Committee, to Culham Bridge, next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, to the End of Burford Bridge, next to Abingdon, in the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other the Inhabitants, rc-County of Berks; and from the Mayor's Stone at the End tiding in and near the Borough of in the County of the Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to and of Sussex, and the Towns of Dorking, and Lb-

through Shippon, in the said County of Berks, to the West bifham, and other Towns and Villages adjacent, in the End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County, whose Counties of Sussex and Surrey, whose Names are thereunto Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had exa-House, and read; alleging, That there is not a sufficient mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed Power granted by the said Act for widening the Roads him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the therein mentioned; neither do the Petitions, pretented House; and he read the Report in his Place, and atter-to the House this Seflton, for Leave to bring in a Bill for wards delivered the same in at the Clerk’s Table: Where enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Act, the fame was read; and is as followeth; wr. and for repairing the said newor additional Roads.provide In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, for the Widening of the said respective Roads, or any Part ' Mr. Robert Hnrfl and said, lhat

thereof; and that the said Roads are in many Places very they know the Roads described in the Petition; and that,-narrow: And therefore praying. That Provision may be . in many Places, they are very narrow and incommodious made in the said Bill for amending and widening, as well for Carriages and Passengers on Horseback, and, in the the taid Roads in the said Act mentioned, as the said new Winter Sealon, almost impassable; and that the said or additional Roads, or such other Relief in the Premises Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept as to the House thall teem meet. iQ Repair, by the ordinary Methodsprescribed by Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

fubration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the widening and repairing the Road leading from Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed* for put- in the County of , through Cape!, Dorking, Mickle-ting in Execution an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the ham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch Hou e in Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Hoads in the County of Surrey; and from Capel to Stone Street, leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to in the Parish of Ock/ey, in tire said County of Surrey; And

Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, that. Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Evelyn, and Mr. Ingram, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading, to do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

Epsom,

.it.

I. Ou.Is.

HorfharnJ

Uoa.L

preservation

of

Highways,

uc.

Rwfcy

through

Bury

Road.

itancaster c. Inclosure. u

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Paprrs

rcfj rising Uk Capture

of a

spanish Ship.

28 Geo. II. 240 —

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and principal Manufacturers in the heavy Branches, and other Inha* hitants, of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, since the Commencement of the late Act for the Amendment and Prdervation of the public Highways and Turnpike Hoads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating the reunto, the Price of Land Carriage to and from Birmingham has greatly increased; by which the several Materials of Coals, Iron, Steel, Brats, &c. is considerably advanced; and that great Part of the heavy Branch of the Manufacture carried on by the Petitionersisot that low Value, that the additional Advance of Carriage is grievouffv felt,

O O j t '

and muff end, it not timely removed, in the utter Hum of the said Town and Neighbourhood, and in the Impoverishment of many Thousand Families, who now fubfilt under the heavy Branches of the said Manufactures, and be of great Detriment to the Gentlemen whole Estates are situated in and near the said Town: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the House will take their said Grievances into Consideration, and relieve them by such Ways as to the House Ihallleem meet.

The House was moved, Thar the said Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ACtfor the Amendment and Prel'ervation of the public Highways and Turnpike Hoads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, might be read.

' And thelame being read accordingly;

Ordered, That I -cave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said ACT and to enforce the Execution thereof: And that Mr. Fnzaker’ev, Mr. Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Curzott, Mr. Nugent, the Lord

Strange, Mr. Attorney General, and Sir John Pkillipps, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bnrv, in the County of Huntingdon, through War box s. Old Hurst. Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltifley, Warcfly, and Potton, to a House called the Spread E in Stratton, within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and without any Amendment: And alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and incloting the common Field and Breeks in the Manor and Panth of in the County of

Norfolk, and forextinguishing the several Rights of Common and Sheep-walk over ihe laid Field and Breeks, and over certain Hali-year Closes and Pieces of Common in the said Manor and Parish; and for granting another Right of Common to the Owners of certain Dwelling-houses in the Manor and Pari 111 aforesaid, without any Amertd-ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Refo/ved., That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ot Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, reloive itlelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further or the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the Moiife accordingly.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do Jay before this

House, Copies of all the Proceedings transmitted from the . VoL'27. ..

Jamarii. 119

Court of Vice Admiralty in Jamaica to the Commissioners' for hearing Appeals in Prize Causes, relating the Condemnation of the Spanish Polacra Anna Maria y . Felix in the said Court of Vice Admiralty: — And also, Copies of a Letter from the Governor of the tp Admiral Knowles, dated the 17th of October 1748, with the Translation thereof;^ — and ofanother Letter from Admiral Reggio, of the same Date, to Admiral Knowles, with the Translation thereof; — and also, a Copy of the Claim exhibited by James Tierney, on behalf of the Own-' ers of the said Polacra and her Cargo, on the 8th of July 1749, before the liaid Commissioners - and also, Copies of the Decree or Judgment pronounced by the said Commissioners on the said Appeal, on the 26th of March 1752, decreeing Restitution of the Cargo and of thdf Order of the said Commissioners, dated the 1 ith of x 7 ,2, referring it to Merchants to afaertain the Value of the said Cargo; — and of the Merchants Report, dated the lqjth of February 1753, in pursuance of the said Order; --and of the Order of the said Commissioners, dated the 15th of March 1753, confirming the said Report.

And then the House adjourned till Monday . Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 270 die Januarii;

Anno 28* Georgii II"1 Regis, 1755.

Praters*

A PETITION of the Owners, Matters of Ships, and Pilots, redding at Ramfgatein the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That,’ some time since, a Remonstrance was presented on the behalf of the Petitioners, to the Trustees for building a Harbour at the said Place, pointing out the Inconveniencies that would relult from the Contraction of the said Harbour, in the Manner intended; but that the said Contraction is' still carried on and representing to the House, that, if the* same be carried into Execution, the Utility of the said Harbour will thereby be defeated: And therefore praying the Interpolation of the House to prevent the Completion of a Scheme so very prejudicial to the Navigation of this Kingdom.

A Petition of several Traders, Owners, Matters of Ships, and Pilots, residing at in the County of

Kent, vim also presented to the House, and read; representing, That if the Scheme of contracting the said Harbour be carried into Execution, the said Harbour wilt thereby be rendered useless: And therefore praying the ’ House to prevent the Execution of a Design so contrary to the true Intent of making a Harbour, and so detrimental to Navigation'.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Owners, and Matters of Ships, and Pilots, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And they are to examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House being informed, that the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the 25th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for the Application of a Sum of Money granted to his Majesty, for making Compensation and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of England, for their Charter, Lands, Forts, Cattles, Slaves, military Stores, and all other their EfTects whatsoever, and to vest the Lands, Forts, Cattles, Slaves, military Stores, and all other their Effects, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, a Book containing an Account of the Proceedingsuf

the

fta'mfgaW

Harbour*

Ditto*

African Forts and Settlements*

Mortuaries

in Chester Archdeaconry.

Slingfoy

Iftdefure*

Ready’s

Name*

Lowndes’

Name.

120 . 27° Januarii. A. 1755.

the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of a Sum of Money therein mentioned granted to his Majesty, for making Compensation and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of England for their Charter, Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, military Stores, and all other their Effects whatsoever, and to veil the Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, and military Stores, and all other their Effects, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for other Purposes in

the Act mentioned.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Salufbury reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,'intituled, An Act for taking away Mortuaries in the Archdeaconry of , and giving a Recompence therefore to the Bishop of Ghefitr, as Archdeacon of Chester, whoholds and enjoys the said Archdeaconry in Right of his See, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pastures, or Commons, in the Township of , in

the County of York: And the same was received > and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Alexander Ready Esquire, and his Issue, by Sophia his Wife (late Sophia Edwards), to take andufe the Surname of Coif on, pursuant to the Will of Edward Colfon Esquire, deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were borne by the said Edward Cofon, was read a Second time.

Rfalved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charlton, Sir John Hynd Cotton, Mr. Chester, Mr. Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Turner, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lee, Mr. Roxoney, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Earle, Mr. Caley, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Fellewes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkiufon, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Thistlethwayte, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ord, Mr.. Curzon, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. More, Mr.. Campbell, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Powney, Sir John Cust, Mr. Pye, Mr. 01-

mius, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Townshend, Lord Strange, Sir John Phillipps, Sir Willoughby Act on, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lafcedes, Mr. Foley, Mr. , Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Se/wyn, Mr. Triji, Mr. Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Hanger, Sir Piercey Brett, Mr. Northey; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, and Gloucester; Aftd they are to meet this Afternoonat Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable William Lowndes Stone Esquire, lately called William Lowndes the younger, Esquire, and Catharine his Wife, and others therein named, to take and ute the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Stone, pursuant to the Will of Francis Lozve Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable William Lowndes Slone Esquire, lately called William Lowndes the younger, Esquire, and Catharine his Wife, and others therein named, to take and ute the Surname, and bear tire Arms, of Stone, pursuant to the Will ot Francis Lowe Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do carry the Bill to the Louis, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ord presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pastures, or Commons, in the Township of holme, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be aninstruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, who, by an Instruction given to them by the House, upon Thu the 21st Day of November last, were ordered to hear upon this Day, the Matter of the Petition of Simon Luttrell Esquire, and chard Huffey, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election

and Return for the Borough of Midjholl otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition next after the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Isaac Martin Rebow Esquire, Complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Colc/tefer, in the County of Essex.

A Motion was made, and the Question beingput, That the Bill for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of be now read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TelkB so, the Tc*. }"3-

Tdk.br the N.} ,4.

- So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Alderman Richard Beckford, Mr. Edward Nugent, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Beckford,

Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lee, Mr. Fane, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Stanley, Sir John Phillipps, Mr. Prowse, Sir Co Firebrace, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Popham, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Crowle, Colonel Mr.

brooke. Sir John Rushout, Mr. Lord Dupp/in, Sir Willoughby Act on, Mr. Sandys, Lord Barrington, Mr. Onfozv, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Harris, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ojivnid, Lord Royston, Sir Reger Newdigate, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Powney, Mr. K, Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Fellovoes, Mr. Jones, Mr. Cocks, Sir Henry

Erskine, Mr. Champion, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Mr. Ord, Mr.

Moreton, Mr. Be/chier, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Egmont, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Amy and, Mr. E Finch, Mr. Mr. Finer, Mr. Amcolts, Lord Mr. Grenville,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Buller, Mr. Mackye, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Sir Thomas

Palmer, Mr. Hanger, Mr. , Lord John Murray,

Mr. Drake, Lord Strange; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester: And they ate to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester, late the Estate of Thomas

Mason, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement; and for applying the Money arising thereby for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and forother Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Coventry, Mr. Ongley, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Olmius, Lord Downe, Mr. Vyner, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. junior, Mr Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyster, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Northey, Mr. Alderman Mr. Fel-

lowts.

Nurbum*

holme

Inclosure.

Mid (boll Eiettion.

Bristol

Nightly

Watch*

Mason’*

Estate*

28 Geo. II. 270 — 28" Januarii. 121

lozves, Mr. Alderman P, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Waller, Mr. Watson, Mr. Martin, Mr. , Mr. Pelham,

Colonel Lee, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Gore, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Townjhaid, Mr. Nugetit, Mr. Lee, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Salis-

bury, Sir John Rushout; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Oxford, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five, of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Gutdeford Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow be added to the New Church. Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, and others Parishioners of the Parish of the Holy Trinity, in Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereto iet, being met together in Vellry, pursuant to due Notice given, the 7th Day of January 1755, is referred.

A MdTage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Stiilingfleet The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lucloiurc. Confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Moors, and Greens, in the Lordship of in the County of York, and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Impropriators of the Rectory, and to the Vicar of Stil-lingfleet aforesaid, in lieu of the great and small Tythes belonging :o the said Rectory and Vicarage, without any Amendment: And all’o,

Swanton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wort hi n a for dividing and inclosing the common Fields and certain Inclosure? Lands lying dispersed in the Half-year Closes belonging to the Manor of Swanlon with Worthing, within the Parishes of Swanton, Morley, and Worthing, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and Sheep-walk over the said Fields and Half-year Closes, and over certain Lands called the Breeks, lying within the said Manor and Pari Hies; without any Amendment: And also,

Brinkman’s The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Name. to enable Theodore Henry Brinkman Esquire, to take and use the Surname of Broadhead, pursuant to the Will of Henry Broadhead Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

SoullLy’s A Bill to enable ChriflopSou/fby Esquire, now called

Name. Christopher Reed, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Reed, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Gore, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

// ilkinjon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardings, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyf-ter, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Mr.

Campbell, Sir Charles MordMr. More, Mr. Salusbury, Sir Thomas Hildyard, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Amcotts, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Richards-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lane after, York, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cojifider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1754, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 27.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Return made by the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to the Order of the House, made upon Monday the 13th of this instant " That there be laid before this House, an Account of " the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting " and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony " of Nova Scotia, from the iftof January 1754, to the " 31st of December following," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of the civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1754, to the 24th of June 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refutations; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve Itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 28° die J

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 175$.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of the Merchants, Shipowners, and Ramsgate Ship Mailers, in the Port of Poole, was presented to Harbour, the House, and read; alleging, That, should the proposed Contraction of the Harbour of Ramsgate be carried into Execution, the said Harbour will, in a great measure, be rendered ul'eless, and the large Sums of Moneylevied upon the Trade of this Nation, for rendering the same useful, will be loft: And therefore praying the Interposition of the House, to prevent the Execution of a Scheme so destructive and prejudicial to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Merchants, Manufac- Ditto turers, and Traders, in the City of Norwich, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if Leave should be given to carry the Plan for straitening the West Side of the Pier of Ramsgate into Execution, that commodious Harbour will be rendered unlafe in stormy Weather: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, and to do in it as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Owners and Mailers of Ships, and Pilots, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the fame, as it shall appear to, them, to the House.

Ordered, That Lord Strange, Mr. James Colebreoke, Brown’s Mr. Hardinge, Mr. George Colebrooke, Mr. Charles Towns- Lane. head. Sir Nicholas Bailey, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Crczvlc, Mr. &c-

l i miles, Road-

Banbury,

&c.

Roads.

lyddelft

Ballad

Machines,

Ditto.

122 20° JanuariijJ. 175.

Wilks, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for

repairing, amending, and widening, the Road leading from the North End of Brown's Lane on Great Stoughton Common, in the Far ill) of Great in the County of

Huntingdon, through the Town of in the said

County, and through the several Parishes of Kimbolton,

Tilbrook, Lower Dean, Shelton, Hargrave, Stanwick, and Chelflon cum Caldecot, in the Counties of Huntingdon, Bedford, and Northampton, to, Uig Ferrers, and through the Parishes of Higham Ferrers, Rushden, and Irchester, in the said County of Northampton, to the Way Post in Irchester Field, near to the South End of Wellingborough Bridge, in the said County of; and the Road

leading from the common Pound Handing on a Place called the Butts, in the Parish of Kimbolton aforesaid, through the Parishes of Kimbolton and Tilbrook aforesaid, and Great Catieortk, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the Way P'oftin Great Cat worth Field, near Brington Bridge,

in the said County of Huntingdon $ is committed.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Rill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Cross of Hand, near Bridge, in

the County of Warwick, through the Town of Soul ham, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford-, and from the Guide Po/l in the Village of Adderbury, in the same County, through Kidlington, to

the Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford; and to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution Three Acta of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Dunchurch to the Bottom of Meredin Hill, in the County of Warwick-, and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Meredin Hill aforesaid to Stone Bridge, in the said County; to allow, out of the Monies arising from the Tolls on the said Roads, an annual Sum towards repairing the first-mentioned Roads: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Fishermen and Pilots inhabiting at Shields and Cullercoats, near the Port of New upon

7y»f,whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, waspresented to the House, and read; reciting the Petition of Richard Lyddell, presented to the House upon the Eighth Day of this instant January, relating to a new Sort of Machines or Vessels invented by him for the Removal of Earth, Ballast. Sand, or any kind of Matter, from any Port, River, Harbour, Creek, or Inlet; and alleging, that the said Richard Lyddell, for several Months past, hath employed his said Machines and Vessels in taking great Quantities of Ballast out of Ships in the River and dropping the same at Sea; and that before the Time of employing the said Machintsand Vessels in manner aforesaid, the Petitioners used to have very good Fishing Ground, in about 14 Fathom Depth of Water, off of Shields and Cullercoats -, but that the Petitioners are now obliged to go Four or Five Miles to the North and South of their usual Fishing Places, in order to catch any Fills; and that, since the using of the said Machines, great Quantities of Ballast and Sand have been driven upon the Rocks and Stones to the North of Cullercoats -, and that thereby many Places, which uled to be good Fishing Places for Lobsters, are now totally destroyed; and that the Fishery upon the Coast will be in great Danger of being totally destroyed, in case such Quantities of Ballast, as of late have been call at Sea upon the said Coast, are permitted to be call there for the future; and that the employing of the said Machines or Vessels in dropping Ballast at Sea, may be of dangerous Consequence to the Port and Harbour of Tyne: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel.against giving any Encouragement to the said Richard Lyddell,\wufing his said Machines

and Vessels for the Purpose of taking Ballast out of Ships in the River Tyne, and carrying such Ballast out to Sea.

A Petition of the Governor and Stewards, and Brethren, of the Fraternity of the Hoftmen of the Town of

15

Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the said Petition of the said Richard Lyddell, and letting forth. That the said Richard , for several

Months past, hath employed his said Machines in taking out great Quantities of Ballast from Ships riding in the River Tyne, and in carrying such Ballast out to Sea; and that the said Machines are lb contrived, that it is impot-fible for any Person, except the Persons who are on board the said Machines or Vessels, and employed in managing the Trap-doors or Hatches of the said Machines, to knbw when and where the Ballast is discharged out of the said Machines; and that, at the Mouth of the said River, there is a Bar, and also a large Bed of Sand, called the Herd-, and that the Navigation of the said River will be greatly endangered by an increase of Sand or Ballast upon the said Bar or Herd; and that the Mayor and Burgesses of Newcastle upon Tyne have, Time beyond Memory, provided convenient Ballast Keys for the Reception of all Ballast to be thrown out of Ships in the said hiver; and alleging, that the permitting of Ballast to be taken out of Ships in the said River, under Pretence of carrying such Ballast out to Sea, and discharging it where it cannot be any Detriment to the Navigation of the said River, may be of dangerous Consequence to the l aid River and Port; for that it may often happen, that such Ballast may be discharged in Places highly detrimental to the said River, without any Possibility of discovering the fame: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the House will not give any Encouragement to the hid Richard Lyddell, in using his said Machines or Vessels for taking Ballast out of Ships in the said River Tyne, under Pretence of carrying such Ballast out to Sea at any Distance from the Mouth of the said River.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Lyddell is referred: And they are to examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for taking away Mortuaries in the Archdeaconry of ter, and giving a Recompence therefore to the Bishop of Chester, as Archdeacon of Chester, who holds and enjoys the said Archdeaconry in Right of his See, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Salusbury do carry she Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Earl Verney presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement for inclosing OfmotherleyMoor or Common, in the County of Vorrk-, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir WilloughbyAfon reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition oi the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge and from thence

to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the

Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and also the Petition of Jonathan Bulb, of Bur cot, in the County of Oxford, Esquire, One of the Mortgagees of the several Tolls granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dor chester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading from Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose

Names

Mortuaries

in Chester ArchUeacomf.

Ofmotherley

Inclosuie.

Henley Bridge, &c. K»Oad

28 Geo. II. 28"jjanuarii. 123

Names are thereunto subscribed, refilling in or near, or frequently travelling, the Roads leading from the End of Calham Bridge, next to Cul in the county of ,

to the End of Buford Bridge, next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Slone, at the End of the Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to and through Skippon, in the said County of Berks, to the Well End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County; and also the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and front thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called the Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and also of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, residing in or near, or frequently travelling through, the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge, next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Buford Bridge, next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone, at the End of the Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to and through Shippott, in the said County of Berks, to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

The said Act, of the 9th of his present Majesty’s Reign, was read; whereby divers Tolls and Powers are granted for the Term of Twenty-one Years.

Mr. Thomas Newell and Mr. John Payne said. That there is now owing, on the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of f .2,000;which Sum, together with the Money collected upon the said Road, has been applied in the Repair of the said Road; and that it is now in tolerable Condition; but that it is impossible to be kept in good Repair, and the said Debt be discharged, unless the said Term and Powers be prolonged.

Upon the Two last mentioned Petitions, Mr. John Payne said, That he had surveyed the Roads therein mentioned, which are about Five Miles in Length, and adjoin to the said Turnpike Road; and that they are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary C ude of Law.

And John Bowles laid, That the said Road is so narrow in many Places, that it is inconvenient for Carriages to pals.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorche/ier Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the

u 7

Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and

also for widening tire laid Roads; and also for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End of Bridge, next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Buford Bridge, next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone, at the End of the Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to and through Shippon, in the said County of Berks, to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County: And that Sir Willoughby AJion, Mr. Bathurfi of Monmouth, Mr. Pye, and Mr. Morton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

jljtlfc The House was moved, That the Petition of the Lord

Inclosure. of the Manor of Marjk in Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York, and Impropriator and Patron of the Parish Church there, and of the Vicar of the said Church, and also of the Freeholders, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the open and common Fields within VOL. 27.

the Manor and Parish of Marjk aforesaid, which was pre-lented to the House upon Monday the 13th Day of this instant January, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Reynolds, the Lord George Cavand Mr. Brudenell, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, and a Cow Pasture, in Knighton, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Dawnaybe added to the Gentlemen,

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading Irom the Hand and Po(l at the Top of Buford Lane, in the County Of Gloucester, through several Parishes, to the Town of Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and also the Road from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, leading through several Parishes to join the Turnpike Road from to at

a Place called the Hand and Post in the Parish of Dowdef-Well, in the County of Glouccfier.

Ordered, That Mr. Aldworth, Sir Nicholas Bailey, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Carysjort, Sir Robert Burdett, Lord George

Benttnck. Lord Carpenter, Mr. Churchill, Colonel Con-way, Lord William Manners, Mr. Clayton, Lord Gage, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Lee, Lord John Murray, Mr. Seivuvn, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Whitmore, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. IVhilworth, Mr. Henley, Mr. Delaval, Mr Mr. Vyner, Mr. Noel, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Cornwallis, Lord Granby, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Sloper, Mr. IVtilde grave, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon is referred.

The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of 2'ork, and of the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also thcPetition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Town of Leeds, through Ottley, in the West Riding of the County of to Walton Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also near and contiguous to the Road leading from

O _ O

Addingham, through Skiptcn, in the said West Riding, to Clitheroe, in the said County Palatine, and of the Merchants and Tradesmen inhabiting and residing in that Part of the Country; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of York, and the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are there-under written; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Town of tlvough Ottley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Burscough Bridge in Walton ile Dale, and from Burnley to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also near and contiguous to the lload leading horn Addingham, through Skipton, in the said West Riding, to Cli-theroe, in the said County Palatine, and of the Merchants and Tradesmen inhabiting and residing in that Part of the County; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, and other Inhabitants, of the West and North Ridings of the County of; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land, lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Town of Leeds, through Ottley, in the West Rid:ng of the County of to Burscough

Bridge in Walton in Dale, and from Burnley to in the County Palatine of Land also near and

contiguous

K lighton Inclosure*

Burford

Lane

Road.

upon rtuis

Ottley;

icC.

Road*

124 28° Januarii. A. 1755.

Ottley, tiguous to the Road leading from through

Roldi Skipton, in the said West Riding, to in the said

County Palatine, and of the Merchants and Tradesmen inhabiting and residing in that Part of the Country; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from in the West Riding

of the County of York, through , Glusburn,

Jlack, Marlon, Swindon, to Long Preston, in the said West Riding of the County of York, and from Cross Hills in Glusburn aforesaid to Coin, in the County of Lancs fier; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Town of Leeds, through Otiley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Bur [cough Bridge, in in the and

from Burnley to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also near and contiguous to the Road leading from Addingham, through Skipton, in the said West Riding, to Clitheroe, in the said County Palatine, and of the Merchants and Tradesmen inhabiting and residing in that Part of the Country; were severally referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions (except the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through

viick, Glusburn, Eljlack, Marlon, Swindon, to Long Pre-Jen, in the said West Riding of the County of York, and from Cross Hills in Glusburn aforesaid to in the County of Lancajer; no Person appearing before the Committee

on behalf of the said Petition); and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matters of the said other Petitions, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove- the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Doctor Robert Taylor, being examined, said, That he knows the Road from Ottley to Prejon; That the Road from Otiley, through Burnley, Ilkley, and Addingham, to Skipton, is in a very ruinous Condition; and that it is frequently veiy much overflowed by the River Wharfe: That the Road from Skipton to Carlelon, being Two Miles, is, in many Places, too narrow, and much torn up by the River Air: That the Road from Carleton over the South Side of Pinna, is wide enough; and that there are Plenty of good Materials there: That from Carleton to Coin is Eightmeasured Miles: That the Road from Coin, through Burnley and Blackburn, to Prejon, is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, too narrow: That the said Road is, in some Parts thereof, much torn up, and, in other Places (eljxccially near Walton Church), in great Danger of being ivalhcd away by the Waters of the River Ribble; and that, upon a Computation he has made, the Expence of repairing the Road from Skipton to Coin, will amount to the Sum of^. 1,030. 4a. 1 which he calculates at the Rate of not quite £.100 per Mile over Pinna, but more from Skipton to Carleton; and that all Carriages, which go from Otiley to Coin, are obliged to go by Skip-ton: That the Inundations of the Rivers and

Ribble, are very considerable: That Carlton Bridge is not always capable of taking the Waters, occassioned by the Negligence of the Bridge Masters, by not making l'uffi-cient Ramparts to it; and that he believed the said Bridge is a County Bridge, is very much out of Repair; and that he believes it has not been repaired lately: That the River Wharfe washes the Road chiefly between Burnley and Addingham: That Skipton is the Centre of Seven great Towns: That the Road is intended to go within Two Furlongs of the Top of which rises on a very

easy A (cent; and that from Carleton to Coin there is about Four Miles of Lanes.

He further gave Evidence, That there are Four or Five Coal Pits in the Nighbourhood of from whence

the Town of Skipton is supplied: That there are near as

many Pits at Holding, which is about the same Distance; but that the Coals are not so good: That the Read over Rowley's Moore, as it now is, is very steep; and that from Skipton to Coin, over Pinna, measures Ten Miles and Three Furlongs:

That an Estimate has been made of the Tolls that will be collected on the said Roads; and that there are People enough ready to advance Money upon the Credit thereof.

Mr. Thomas Whitcock, being examined, said, That he had measured the Road from Cocking End, through Skipton to Coin; and that he found it to be x5 Miles and Two Furlongs.

Mr. Joseph Smith, being examined, said, That he had also measured the said Road; and that, from Cocking End, through Skipton to Shire Lane End, is 12 Miles and Seven Chains; and from Shire Lane End to Coin is Three Miles One Furlong and Three Chains; making together Fifteen Miles One Furlong d en Chains.

Then Mr. Thomas Whitcockbeing again examined, confirmed the Evidence of Dcdtor Taylor, in regard to the Road from Ottley to Coin; and further added, that the Inundations of the River extend a Quarter of a Mile betwixt Carleton and Skipand that it is much alike on both Sides ot Carleton Bridge; but that the same might be prevented, by building Ramparts Two Yards high clear from the Water, and Seven Yards broad, for the Length of a Quarter of a Mile, on each Side the said Bridge: That Skipton is supplied with Coals from the Pits near Coin, where the Coals are cheapest and best, and are likely to Lift, the Vein being newly begun: That the Coals are chiefly carried on Horses; but that if the Roads were made fit for Carriages, the Price of Coals would be much reduced:

That the Inhabitants o( Skipton exchange Lime at Denham for Coals; but that the Coals carried from Denham to Skipton are made use of for all other Uses, as well as burning Lime: That the Pits at are Three Miles

nearer to Skipton that those at Denham; but there being Lime Pits so near the Coal Pits at Lanjhey, there is no Probability of having Occasion to exchange; and that receiving Coals, by way of Exchange for Lime, is more than equivalent.

Mr. Henry Alcock gave the same Evidence in regard to the Distance of the Coal Pits, and to the exchanging Lime for Coals; but said, that there are not 500 Horse Loads exchanged in a Year.

Mr, John Bar croft, concerned sometimes for the Lcftee of the Coal Pits near Coin, being examined, said, That the Town of Skipton has always been supplied with Coals from thence; and that the common Report is, that the said Pits are likely to last.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, of the West Riding of the County of York, and the County Palatine of Lancaster, whole Names are thereunder written,

Your Committee examined Doctor who

said. That the nearest Way from the City of York to Prejon is through Skipton, and by; and that the

Road from Skipton, as lar as Broughton or is pretty

good; but that from Marton to Glusburn it is in a very-ruinous Condition; and that at the Road is too

narrow: That the Road from Glusburn to Clitheroe is veri-bad; and he added, that the said Roads cannot be sufficiently repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

To prove (he Allegations of the Petition oi the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, and other Inhabitants, of the West and North Ridings of the County of York,

Doctor Robert Taylor, being examined, said. That the Roads from Carperby, through

Jones, Buck den, Starbottaze, Kettlezve/l, Conyjone,

Graffmgton, Threjijtld, Linton, Cracoe, and to

Skipton, being Part of the high Road leading from castle upon Tyne towards Manchester, are, in general, very-bad, and, in many Places, very narrow: That the Waters of Bishop's Dale obstrud the said lloads; and that

Rake

0

28 Geo. II. 28s Januarii. 125

Rake, is a very deep Hill: That, in order to repair the {lid Road, it will l»e necessary to purchase some Land; and that, in general, the said Roads are so bad, that the ordinary Statute Work will not sufficiently repair and widen ciiem.

Mr. John Bar croft, being examined, said. That he a-sted as Clerk at a Meeting held at Coin, confiding of a Number of People; and that the Majority, who were all People of Property in the County of were for

having the Road being carried from over Pinna;

and that the People of Coin signed the Resolutions of that Meeting; but that the Manchester People took no Part*. And he further added, that the general Opinion of the Country is agreeable to the Resolutions of the Meeting at Coin.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the Allegations of the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Towns of Leeds, through Ottley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Walton Bridge, in the County Palatine of Xqfter, and al.o near and contiguous to the Rmd lea ing from Addingham, through Skipton, in the said Wed Riding, to Cl therue, in the said County Palatine, and of the

Merchants and Tvadefmen inhabiting and redding in that Part of the Country; and a'so the Petition of the Justices of the Pe co. Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Town of Leeds, through Ottley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Burfcougk Bridge in Walton in le Dale, and from Burnley to Manchester, in the Couniy Palatine of Lancaster, and also near and contiguous to the Road leading from Addingham, through Skipton, in the said West Riding, to Clitheroe; in the said County Palatine, and of the Merchants and Tradesmen inhabiring and redding in that Part of the Country; and also the Petition or the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land lying near and contiguous to the Road leading from the Town of Leeds, through Ottley, in the West Riding of the County of , to Bridge in Halton in Dale, and from Burnley to Man-chef ter, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also near and cont guous to the Road leading from;

through Skipton, in the said West Riding, in the said County Palatine, and of the Merchants and Tradesmen inhabiting and redding in that Part of the Country; and also the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Owners and Occupiers of Land lying near and contiguous to the Rc*td leading from the Town of Leeds, through Ottley, in the said West Riding of the County of York, to Burfcougk Bridge in Walton in the Dale, and from Burnley to Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also near and contiguous to the Road leading from Addingham, through Skipton, in the said West Riding, to Clitheroe, in the said County Palatine, and of the Merchants and Tradesmen inhabiting and redding in that Part of the Country.

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

Henry Hitch Esquire, being examined, said. That he knows the Road leading from Leeds to Ottley: That it is a Road much frequented, and is in so bad a Condition, that, in the Winter, it is quite impassable for Carriages: That the said Road condfts of great Variety of Soil, is, in many Places, too narrow, and cannot be fudiciently repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Joseph Smith, being examined, laid. That he had surveyeU the Road from Cocking End, through Kildfwick, to Black Lane End: That the Road thereabouts is of a ltony Soil; that it is, in many Places, too narrow, and, in general, is much out of Repair.

Mr. John Wilkinson, being examined, informed your Committee, That the Woollen Manufacture, in itsleve-ral Branches, is carried on at Ilkley, Addingham, and Kildwick: There are 3 or 400 Weavers, or more, and great Numbers of inferior Workmen employed under them: That the Families weave mostly on their own Ac-

Vol. 27.

counts, and dispose of their Goods at Halifax and; to which Places they are conveyed on Horses: That there are Horse Causeways in some Places; but, »o general, the Roads are very bad for Horses to travel: That, at Skip-ton, there areonly about 36 lingle Peoplee oployed in the Woollen Manufacture; but h? cannot speak to;

but that the Parish of Kildwick is very large and populous; and that the Town of Addingham conlifts of a great Number of Inhabitants: That there are Two or Three Master Weavers there, who employ many Hands: That there is a navigable River at Leeds, but none at Halifax; and that if a Turnpike should take place from Kildwick to Leeds, it would open a Comrtiunication through Leeds to Yadcaster.

Being asked, whether the Manufacturers in Kildwick Parish are employed, and paid by the Piece, by the People at Halifax and Coin, he laid he could not tell that they were; but that the g eateft Quantities are carried to Halifax, occasioned by the Bidness oi the Road to Coin.

Mr. Edward Dixon, b. ing examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr Wt/kinson, in regard to the Badness of the R ad from Kildwick to Coin-, and further added, that the said 5'Y-cd is Eight Yards wide at le^ft; and that, if it was properly repaired, 1110ft of the Manufactures would be carded hat Road: That he never saw any Carriage between Cocking End and Kildwick: That Application has been made to a Justice of the Peace for amending the Road; and that, 12 or 13 Years ago, the Neighbourhood was ind Cted on account of its Badness: That, between Cocking Ena and Romles , the Road riles pretty steep: That Broken Bank is a very large steep Rock of Stone, and must be cut: That from the Bottom of the Hill to the Top, is 2 or 300 Yards; and that the Stone thereof is made use of for repairing Roads: That the Road is very good from Kildwick to the Top of Priejl Bank Hill, and the Aicent moderate; and that Carriages frequently go up it:

That there are Eight Townships in Kildwick Parish; Five whereof (viz. Silden, Kildwick, Glujburne, Sutton, and Cowling) lie immediately on the Ro..d; and that Bradley and Connonley, Two other of the Eight Township% lie on the Skipton Side: And he further added, that from Kildwick to Halifax is a Turnpike Road.

Sir Henry Ibbetson Baronet, being examined, gave the same Evidence with Mr- Wilkinfin regard to the Ex-tenfiveness of the Manufactures; and added, that, for several Years pall, the Norwich Stuff Manufacture has been carried on about Kildwick; and that several People at Leeds have set up t is new Manufacture; but that they cannot employ a sufficient Number of People there to carry it on; and therefore employ all the Manufacturers they can find in 20 Miles Circuit, who, when they have finished their Work, carry it to their Employers at Leeds on Horses; but if a Turnpike Road was made between Leeds and Ottley, and so on to Kildwick, it would be very advantageous to the Manufactures in general; and that the Manufacturers, who are for the most part very poor, and have no Horles of their own, might then join in a Carriage for conveying their Goods, and thereby save some Part of their present Expences; and, by this Turnpike, the Matters would likewilehavean Opportunity of getting their Wool from Hull to Yadcajier, and from thence, through Leeds, to that Part of the Country where their Manufacturers live, at the same Price as from Hull to Leeds entirely by Water:

That the Intercourse between Kildwick and Leeds is sufficient to maintain a Turnpike for repairing the Roads, which will tend much to the Improvement of Trade, and to the Advantage of the Estates thereabouts, which will, in a few Years, be worth double their present Value:

That great Trade is carried on between Coin and Leeds \ but the Communication is greater at present between Halifax and Coin, than between Leeds and Coin; and that there are Ibme Branches of Trade carried on between Leeds and Skipton, but not so much as to Coin:

Air. Joseph Smith, being examined, laid. That he has tnealured the Road from Cocking Lane End, through

K k Kildwick,

Ottley,

,&c.

Roads.

116 28° j 1755.

Ki!dwick]to Black LaneEnd, and.findsit to be 12 Miles and Thurjly, Mr. WllUs, Mr. Sir Mr.

S^ven Chains; and from Cocking Lane End, through Slip- '.Ergot, Mr. Bacon, Sir Kemys Tynte,

ton to Black Lane End, 14 Miles Six Furlongs Five Chains. Air. Curzov.; and all the Members who serve Lr the Mr. Edward Dixon, being again examined, fiid, That Counties of Warwick, Northampton, Oxford, and the Direction upon the Guide Post near Coding Lane Leiceftt.-: And tr.cv are to meet this Afternoon at F»vc End is, " To Si!f. en Two Miles." of the Clock in the Speakers Chamber.

Leeds Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Otilc- arnep-J'ng' widening, and repairing, the Roads from the A Bill for dividing anti inchbing the common Fields, Iff Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of common Failures, common Mead.>.vs, common Grounds,

Roads. York, to Ottley, in the same Riding; and from thence, and waltc Ground, in the Manor and P,rdh of Chum a-

through Skipton, in the same Riding, to Coin, in the in the County of was read a Second time.

County of Lancaster; and from thence through Burnley , 'lhat the Bill be Committed to S.r

and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge in Walton, in the A lor daunt, Mr. , Mr. Vi Mr. Mr.

County of Lancaster-, and from Skipton aforesaid, thiougii Kyuafton, Mr. Mr. Mr. Bickford,

Giflmrne and Clithe'oe, to Preston, in the County of Lan- Air. Gore, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr. Rozvney, Air.

atfer-, and from Skipton aforesaid to Carperby, in the Mr. Mr. Air.

North Ridir.g of the County of York: And that the Lord , Lord Strange, Sir John Mr. Hard~

Lord Downs, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Dawn ay, and Si, Co- Sir Cor del Fir (brace, Mr. /, Mr. Eger ton,

yers D'Arcy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Mr. Ord, Sir Willoughby Mr. Mr. Hunter,

ICncking Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mr. West, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hume, E’l'i, repairing* widening, and amending, the Road from CockMr. Mr. Lxjhr, Mr. Air.

ffc\ ing End, near Addinghani, in the West Riding of the Mr. Grey, Mr. Hay, Sir Armine Widehouse, Lord

County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, fey, Mr. , Mr. Willes, Mr. Cooke, Sir Francis

in the County Palatine of Lancaster :And that the Lord Poole, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Bacon, Sir

Downe, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Dawnay. and Sir Conyers Mr. Curzon, Mr. Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

D'Arcy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Bedford, Mr. Hanger, Lord , Sir John Rufliout,

Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Calvert, Mr.; and all the Alcni-

Monmouth A Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads bers who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick,

Roads. leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth, Northampton, Oxford, and Leicester: And they

was read a Second Time. are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bathurst, Speaker’s Chamber: Mr. Colleton, Mr. Clufber, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Berkeley,

Sir Francis Prole, Mr. Talbot, Sir Cor del Fivebrace, Mr. That the Lord Carysfort be added to the

Kynafon, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Willoughby Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Af.on, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. W hitshed, Mr. Eger- a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of die. ton. Air. Palmer, Mr. Pye, Mr. Campbell, Mr. BiarrisReign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the M r. Crowle, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Baiter, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways

Coventry, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Mor- and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more gan, Mr. Morgan junior, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Philipps, effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to Air. Drake, Mr. Prowse, Sir Armine WoJshouse, Sir John enforce the Execution of the said Act.

Wynne, Lord liar lex, Mr. Symmons, Mr. Gorges, Lord

Gage, Mr. Ref Heigh, Mr . JSIackworth, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Phillipps, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Plarley, Mr. Powney, Sir Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Lynch Cotton, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Mordamt, Air. to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, Northey, Mr. Cor neve all. Air. FiizroyScudamore, Admiral the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him Griffin, Mr. Probyn, Colonel Holmes, Colonel Stanwix, to report to the House; which he read in his Place j and Sir George Dalton, Mr. Douglas, l,ord Barrington, Ge- afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the neraJ Oufcw, Mr. Sandys;and all the Members who same were read; and are as followeth; vi~.

serve for the Counties ot Monmouth, Gluucester, and HerRefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ford, and the Principality of Wiles: And they are to That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Two hundred meet 1 his Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Fifty-four Pounds Eight Shillings, be granted to his Ma-Chamber. jesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of his.

Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in Deb o s A Petition of the poor insolvent Debtors confined in the Year 1754, and not provided for by Parliament.

the County Gaul in and for the County of Gkucester :Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And ailo, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty thousand Four hundred

A Petition of the poor Prisoners confined for Debt and Eighteen Pounds Seven Shillings and Eight Pence, in his Majesty’s Gao! at Ipswich, not only on behalf of be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for supporting themselves, but also on behalf of their unhappy Fellow and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony Prisoners in the several Gaols in this Kingdom; of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1755.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

I complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. That a Sum, not exceeding two thousand Nine hundred And the said Petitions were severally ordered to and Fifty-seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to lie upon the Table. his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of

the civil Lltablishment of his Majesty’s Colony ot Georgia, X.n'lo-'irtf) A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from Xo-.e. common Pastures, waffe Grounds, and commonable the 24th Day of June 1754, to the 24th Day of June Linds, in the Parish of Kenilworth, in the County of 1755.

fi'.yv:;d, ve:\s read a Se.ond time. The fiid Resolutions, being severally read a second

R /o/ved, That the B:il be committed to Sir Charles time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

]\ la, daunt, Mr Barrow, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. agreed to by t lie House.

pec/.*’, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Salufbury,

»; 1. )bike. Mr. Gore, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hay, M r. Eger-The other Order of the Day being read; r,... Mr. G r, Mr. Fellowes, M r. Hardings, Mr. Hanger, The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the

Is.1 John Cry:, Mr. Harris, Lord Harley, Mr. Northey, Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Mr. Bat h-ft, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Philipps, Sir Wil- Election and double Return for the Cou;uy of Oxford, and Arel-ft Ajlcn, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Lord Guernsey, Mr. of the said double Return.

And

C Jiovtj i Ilk. old: e.

Frefwr*ation

of

Higl.wsys,

&c.

SuppTy

Oxford C O’!1 E.cfho*-

i8 Geo.1L ^8° — 2p° J 7

An ! l!v- Counfei were called in And the Tame Witness was further examined, in relation

And i!ie Cfeunfel for t he Lord Parker and Sir Edward to a Letter produced by the said Accent, which the said

‘turner Cao"!, examined I even I Witnesses, in order to diforovc the Chargeof Partiality brought lay the Counfei on the other Side against the Siieriffot the said County, at the said L! action; and also to prove in what manner the roll was carried on, and how the Scrutiny, granted by the said Sheriff after the Clole of the Poll, was proceeded in.

Arid a Letter, which, the said Counfei alleged, was signed with the Names of the Lord and Sir

James Dashwood, directed to the said Sheriff, having

been produced;

The said Letter was brought up to the Table, and read.

Then the Counfei for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner examined a Witness in relation to the Number of Houses which we re opened at at the

Jixpence of the Candidates on each Side, for the Entertainment of their resperftive Voters.

They also examined aWitness, in relation to the giving of Money by the Agents of the Lord and Sir

James Dashwoodto Inch Per suns as came from London to

vote for the said Lord (V nman and Sir James upon account of Expences.

They allb examined a Witness, who said he voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward in order to

prove thar Money was given to him the said Witness to vote for the said Lord IVenmanand Sir James They also examined a Witness, in order to prove that the Person, by whose Direction the said Money was alleged to have been given to the said last mentioned Witness, acted as an Agent for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James Dashwood, and did endeavour, by Threats, to in-

fluence riiis Witness to vote for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James Dashwood\

They allb examined a Witness, in Order to prove that another Person, who acted as an Agent for the said Sir James Dashwood, offered Money to several of the Free-

holders of the said County, in order to influence them to vote for the said Sir James Dashwood.

Witness Lid was signed by the said Sir James Dashwood.

The said Counfei also examined a Witness in order to prove that several of the Voters for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner flopped at an I:in upon the Road from London to Oxford»kept by him the said Witness; and that all fitch Voters paid their own Expences there.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the futtlfer Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said doable Return, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upor\ Saturday Morning next, with the double Return for the County of Oxford.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 290 Januarii;

Anno 2.S* Georgii II4' Regis, 1755.

Pit AYERS.

THE House being informed. That Mr. from the Commissioners for Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the Derm wentwater Estate, between I ft December 1753, and 30th November 1734; and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdreiv.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth , viz.

28th January 1753.

IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radc/ije:

Requiring the Commissioners, or Governors, of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the Lid Royal Hospital, in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on tiieeafiefl and most reasonableTerms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively j

THE Commissioners, or Governors, of the said Hospital do humbly report, as followeth:

There has been received by the Treasurer, between the ift of December 1753, and the 30th November 1754, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate; viz.

On Account of the annual Rents ----- - 5,779 3 8

On Account of the Lead Mines - -- - 3,538 5 3

On Account of the Timber sold by the Court of Exchequer ----- 990-----

£.10,307 8 11

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

In finishing the additional Building at the Brewhouse, for Coolers, for a Store Cellar for Beer, and for furnishing the feme with Casks, Pipes, &c.; building the North-West Lodge, and making a Road from the said Lodge to the River j finishing the new Granary, Steps and Pavement between the Colonades; finishing the Water Drains on Black Heath; putting up Two Dials for a Clock to the East Cupola; fitting up the Governor’s, Lieutenant Governor’s, Second and Third Captains, Six Lieutenants, and Surgeons, Apartments: All which Works have been done, and brought to Account, and amount to the Sum £. s. d.

of Two thousand Five hundred Fifty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Three Pence - - 2,552 3 3

The ordinary Works done this Year, in keeping the Building, Furniture, and Roads, in Repair, and other necessitry Works for the Service of the Hospital, amount to the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Seventy-five Pounds Five Shillings and Seven Pence - - - 1,375 3 7

£.4,127 8 10

Vol. 27.

Note,

Greenwich

Hospital.

j j 8 290 Januarii. 175

1

AW#, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and s. d.

Profits of the Estate, between the ifl December 1753, and 30th November 1754, on account of Repairs .....£. 476 — 8

By Order of the Commissioners,

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

E(h>n'* Ordered ', That Mr. , Mr. Cocks, Mr. Probyti,

,e’ Mr. Egerton, Mr. Coventry, Sir William Beauchamp Proc-

for, Mr Freeman, Lord Gage, Mr. Jefferies, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of late the Estate of Thomas Mason, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement; and for applying the Money arising thereby for discharging Incumbrances aflfefting the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

Leheup’j The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to feta, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Cambridge, settled on the Marriage of Peter Leheup the younger, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was com-ftiitted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

WoKer- Mr. Levefin Gower presented to the House, according hampton to Order, a Bill for erecting and building a new Chapel Chapel. jn t[jC Town of Wolverhampton, ill the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the Fitft time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Br:«ol A Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Merchants, Nightly and Tradesmen, of the City of Bristol, on behalf of them-Wateh. fe|Ves, an(j many others, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition presented to the House, in the'Name of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the said City, for Leave to bring in a Bill for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a Nightly Watch within the said City; and allb taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House for that Purpose; and alleging, that the whole Body Corporate, who caused the common Seal of the City to be affixed to the said Petition, loppofing them all concurring (though, as these Petitioners allege, forae of them were not), are no more than Forty-three Persons, who are, in no respect, the Representatives of the Citizens; and that, in the said Bill, are several Clauses and Articles, which, if they should pass into a Law, as they now Hand, may greatly prejudice the Petitioners in their Liberties and Properties: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by them-lelves, or Counsel, against such Clauses and Articles; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill forestablishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a Nightly Watch within the City of Bristol, iscommitted: And that the Petit ionerste heard-, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

18

Rd. Horne.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his \Vatrant to the Bc'*'dId Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the "fUU Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, in the room of William Henry Lyttelton Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Captain General and Governor in Chief in and over his Majesty’s Province of South Carolina.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Africaa Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of so much of ti e Letters of Commodore Buckle, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship AJJiJ, written to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Hi4.l1 Admiral of Great Britain, as relate to his Negotiations with the People of Annamaboe, in the Year 1752; and also a Copy of the Memorial presented by the Merchants of Bristol and Liverpool to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, in the Year 1753, in relation to the African Trade; with Copies of the Entries of the Evidence given before the said Commissioners, in support of the said Memorial, the Resolution of the said Commissioners thereupon, and the Orders that the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa gave their Officers in Africa in consequence thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Bitto. of so much of the Letters which passed between the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and Mr. Melville, Governor of Cape Coast Cajile, as relate to the African Trade, since the Year 1752.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do pre- Account* pare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Flax imported into that Trade-Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730, to Lady-day 1755; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Flax imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730, to Lady-day 1755 distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to belaid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Flax exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730, to Lady-day 1755; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, ITiat the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Flax exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730, to Lady-day 1755; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all foreign raw Linen Yarns, and lpruce or Mofcovia Yarns, impoi ted into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730, to Lady-day 1755; distinguishing each Year, and the Species of Inch Yarns, together with the Duties paid thereon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all foreign raw Linen Yarns, and fpruceor Mofcovia Yarns, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 17 to Lady-day 1753: distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Yarns; together with the Duties paid thereon.

Ordered,

J

28 Geo. II. 290 — 31

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this Hcule the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Linen Yarns imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1750, to Lady-day 1755; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Linen Yarns imported from Ireland into that Part of Britain called Scotland, horn Lady-day 1730, to Lady-day 1755; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all the Linens imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730, to La ay-day 1755.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of ail the Linens imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730, to Lady-day 1755.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all British and Irish Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730, to Lady-day 1755; distinguishing each Year, and which were intitled to Bounties, and the Bounties paid thereon, and the Places to which all such Linens were, or shall be, exported.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all British and Irish Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730, to Lady-day 1755; distinguishing each Year, and which were intitled to Bounties, and the Bountiespaid thereon, and the Placesto which such Linens were, or shall be, exported.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account ofall foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730, to Lady-day 1755; distinguishing each Year, the Specios of such Linens, and the Duties paid thereon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from day 1730, to Lady-day 1755; distinguishing each Y'ear, the Species of such Linens, and the Duties patd thereon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all foreign Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from

day 1730, to Lady-day 1753; distinguishing each Year, the Places to which the same were, or shall be, exported, the Species of such Linens, and the Amount of the Drawbacks paid thereon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all foreign Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from day 1730, to Lady-day 1735; distinguishing each Year, the Places to which the same were, or shall be, exported, the Species of such Linens, and the Amount of the Drawbacks paid thereon.

Ordered, That the Trustees or Commissioners for encouraging and promoting Fisheries, and other Manufactures and Improvements, in that Part of Great Britain called"Scotland, do prepare, in order to be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Linens stamped for Sale in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1727, to 1734.

Ordered, That the Trustee or Commissioners for encouraging and promoting Fisheries and Manufactures in that Part o (Great Britain called Scotland, do examine, and state

the Condition and Progress of, the Linen Manufacture in Vol. 27,

Januariu 129

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the ift of November 1730, to the ift of November. 1733, in order to lay the same before this House in the next Session of Parliament: together with their Opinion, whether any, and what, Regulations are necessary for the Improvement of the said Manufacture.

Ordered, That Mr. Herbert be . added to

the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 310 die Januarii;

Anno 28® Georgii IIJi Regis, 1755. Prayers.

ABI L L for dividing and inclosing several open Field® and Pastures, or Commons, in the Township of Slingjly, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ord, Mr. Clive, Sir George Lee, Lord Duncamon, Sir John Mr. Dodington, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Crajler, Mr., Waller,

Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Willes, Mr. Hayes, Mr.

Mr. Harley, Sir William Irby, Mr. Ongley, Sir ’Thomas Clavering, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Stephenson, Mr. M’Kenzie, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Mr. Boone, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Herbert, Sir Francis Boole, Mr. Alderman Porter, Sir J Mr. Calvert, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Watflon, Mr. Howard, Mr. Torke, Lord Bateman, Lord Egmont, Mr. Powell, Sir Thomas Robinflon, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr.. VII/iers, Mr. Offlcy, Lord George Mr.

Lord Pulieney, Sir John Bland, Kir. Cope, Mr. Richards, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of fork. Durham, A or t hum her 1 and, Cumberland, Westmore I and, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pastures, or Commons, in the Township of holme, in the County of fork, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Ord, Mr. Wort ley, Sir George Lie, Mr. Stephaflon, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Clive, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Duncamon, Mr.

Sandys,"Mr. Dodington, Mr. Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Wales, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Felloives, Sir William Irby, Mr. Hayes, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Harley, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Caley, Mr. M’Kenzie, Mr. Mr. Campbell, Mr.

F/etcher, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay, Mr. Morrice, Mr: Hardinge, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Grey, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Howard, Mr. Watflon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Lyfler, Mr. Colleton, Lord Mr. Lord

Carysflort, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Torke, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Oflualdeflon, Mr. Alderman Bethe/l,

Mr. Charlton, Colonel St a nivixMr. LofceUes, Lord Pul-

tony, Sir John Bland, Sir John; anc) all the Members

who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, berland, Cumberland* Westneoreland, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lieutenant General 0«/7are> reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, and others, Parishioners of the Parish of the Holy Trinity in Guldeflord, in the County of Surrey, whole Hands are thereto let, being met together in Vellry, pursuant todue No--tice given, the 7th Day of January 1 733, was referred, That, the Committee had examined the Matter of the

L 1 said

Monmouth

Road*.

Slingsby

Inclosure.

Nuntnirn-

hoime

Inclosure.

GuPeford

NewCfcurtb.

"Papers rei peeling tht* Gar rcre of a Spanish 5 hip.

130 31 0 JanuariLA. 1755.

said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

In Su iport of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Shot ter. produced, to your Committee, a Deed of Feoffment, dated sth May 1573, whereby William Hammond, late of Guldeford, had conveyed to, and to the

the of, ic veral Persons in the said Deed mentioned, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, Four Tenements, or Messuages, with their Appurtenances, together with a Barn and Garden, in the Parish of the Holy 'Trinity in Guldeford', and also Two Acres of Land in Stoke in the Parish of Stoke:

That on the Back of the said Deed are these Words;

viz." 15 Eliz. The Feoffment of the Houses and Land " belonging to Trinity Church in Guldeford, from Mr.

" Hammond to the Town."

And Mr. Shatter further said.That the Churchwardens of the said Parish of the Holy Trinity have been in Possession of the said Estates, and have received the Rents and Profits ariTing out of the fame, for near 200 Years.

Mr. John Steere, Churchwarden of the said Parish, produced to your Committee, an Extract of the Will of the said William Hammond, dated the 4th of March 1574, and proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury the 7 th Day of May 1575; whereby he bequeathed unto the Churchwardens of the Parish of the Holy Trinity in Guldeford his House next adjoining to the said Parish Church, after the Decease of Elizabeth his Wife, with one other House next adjoining; the Profits thereof to be applied in the repairing the said Church, and particularly in the Repair of St. Nicholas Chancel, which was Part of the said Church, where he directed his Body should be buried.

And Mr. Steeresaid, That a Monument has been erected in the said Chancel to the Memory of the said Mr. Hammond', of which it is proposed proper Care shall be taken.

And, by the Books of the said Parish, it appeared, that, ever finee the Year 1581, the Churchwardens have been in Possession of the said Estates, amounting to £. 53. js. 10 d. per Annum; out of which Sum, Mr. Steere, informed your Committee, the Churchwardens had, from time to time, repaired the said Church and Chancel.

John Garton, a Builder, said, That, in the Year 1740, the said Church fell down; although, a few Years before that Period, there had been applied, towards thesupporting t!:e fame, between £.700 and £.800.

That the said Church is now rebuilding upon the same Ground where it formerly flood; and in which Work the Sum of £.467. collected by a Brief for that Purpose, has been expended; and that there still remains owing to the several Workmen who have been employed therein a considerable Sum of Money.

Mr. Steere further said, That, if the Church is once completed, no Repairs will be wanting for many Years; but that the Inhabitants are not in a Capacity to finish the fame, and to pay off the Money now owing to the Workmen, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of the Holy Trinity in Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, to fell divers Houses, Linds, Rents, and Annuities, in the said Parish, and in Stoke, next Guldeford aforesaid; and to apply the Money arising by Sale thereof towards rebuilding their Parish Church: And that Lieutenant General Onslow, Mr. Ord, Sir John Elzvill, and Mr. G cor pc OnftoiV) do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed. That Mr. Bellas^ D eputy Register to the Commissioners of Prizes for hearing Appeals in Prize Caules, attended at the Door;

Pie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, puri'uant to their Order,

IN’ r. Copy of all the Proceedings transmitted from the Court of Vice Admiralty in Jam to the Commissioners for hearing Appeals in Prize Causes, relating to the Con-18

demation of the Spanifl:Polacra Anna Maria y St. Felix,

in the said Court of Vice Admiralty.

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Governor of the Ha-vannah to Admiral Knowles, dated the 17th of October 1748; with the Translation thereof.

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Reggio to Admiral Knowles, dated the 17th of Ofluber 1748; with the Translation thereof.

N° 4. Copy of the Claim exhibited by James on behalf of the Owners of the said Polacra, and her Cargo, on the 8th of July 1749, before the Commissioners.

N° 5. Copy of the Decree or Judgment pronounced by the Commissioners, on the Appeal, on the 26th of March 1752, decreeing Restitution of the Cargo.

N° 6. Copy of the Order of the Commissioners, dated the nth of June 1752, referring it to Merchants to af+ certain the Value of the Cargo.

N°7. Copy of the Merchants Report, dated the 13th of February 1753, in pursuance of the Order.

N° 8. Copy of the Order of the Commissioners, dated the 15th of March 1733, confirming the Report.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongfe the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Barnard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the high Roads leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of the 22d of his present Majesty was produced, and read.

Then Mr. Gascoign Finch, being examined, informed your Com mi tee, That the Trustees had made a considerable Progress in repairing the said Road; but that several Parts thereof are yet unrepaired; and that the Roads, when completely repaired, will be of public Utility.

And he produced an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements, and Money borrowed; by which it appeared, that £.3,200 remained due upon the Credit of the said Tolls.

And he informed the Committee, that the Money collected and borrowed had been laid out to the belt Advantage; but that the Tolls are insufficient to pay the Interest of the Money, and repair the said Roads.

And he further said that many heavy Carriages pais on the said Roads, loaded with Lime and Coals.

And it appeared by the said Act, that these Carriages are exempted from the Tolls, and others loaded with Coals pay but Half.

Mr. Finch then delivered an Estimate of the further Repairs necessaryon the said Road, amounting to£.2,254. 8n; and informed your Committee, that there are many ftccp Hills and deep Waters in the Roads and many Bridges necessery to be made; the Materials for making which lie at a great Dill ante ’

And that it will be impossible to repair the Road, unless a Duty is laid on Carriages loaden with Lime, and a further Duty on Coals.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the-Twenty-tourth Year of l>is present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the high Roads leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to West and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned;

Darlington

Roads.

8 Geo. II.

31 ° Januarii.

131

tinned; and for extending the Tolls to Carriages laden with Lime and Coals: And that the Lord and Sir

Thomas Clavering do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fowef, The Lord Barnard reported from the Committee, to &c. whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, whole Names la-ad. are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution 'an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King Georg the Second, for repairing the high Road leading from the Town of , in the County of York, to Barnard Cajl/e, in the County of and

from thence, through Stain drop, to Newgate in Bishop Auk-lancl, and from Nezvgate, along Gibo Chair, to

Bridge-, and from thence by Gill otherwise

Coi.iidon Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Bridge,

in the said County of Durham, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and b as selfov.vrh;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Agents for the Petitioners produced an Act, of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the said Road; by which it appeared, that Holies laden with, or going for, Coals, Cinders, Lime, or Lead, and Carriages going for, or laden with, Stones to be used for Building, are exempt from Tolls; and Carriages going for, or laden with, Coals, Cinders, Lime, or Lead, between the 20th Day of April and the 20th Day of October in each Year, are likewise exempt from Tolls.

Mr. Finch and Mr. FI ulbeing examined, laid. That the Tolls now collected are not adequate to the Damage done to the said Road by Cattle and Carriages travelling thereon, nor sufficient for repairing the said Road.

Mr. Hutchinson produced an Account of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls; and also an Account of the Receiptsand Disbursements of the Commissioners; by which it appeared, that the Sum of 2,550 had been borrowed; which, together with £. 150. Interest thereon, remained due the 20th September 1754.

Mr. Finch, being examined, said. That the Roads are

Bill, in several Parts, in a ruinous Condition, and the Tolls at present insufficient to repair the fame, and fu-veral Powers are wanting to the Trustees:

Which was confirmed by several Members present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the high Road fresh the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard Ciijlle, in the County of Durham; and from thence, through StainJrop, to Nezvgate in Bishop and

from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to GaunJL-fs Bridge; and from thence, by MelJerston Gill otherwise Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the said County of Durham; and for enlarging the Tolls granted by the said Act: And that the Lord Barnard and Sir Thomas Clavering do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

I .'bmp's liikiej.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Land:, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Cambridge, settled on the Maniage of PeterLeheup the younger, Llquire, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed, pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the Purchase Money in another Estate, to be settled to the Uks of his Marriage Settlement; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Ddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Dr.Friend Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to (tanker! t]ie reverend Doctor Friend, for the Sermon by him wjwhlan* T,reac',cd Yesterday, before this Mouse at Margaret's Westminster: And that ke be dellred to print the lame: Voc. 27.

And that Mr. Ellis, the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Shelley, and

Mr. George Onslow, do acquaint him therewith.

The Lord Royjion reported from the Committee, to whom he Petition and lleprefen tation of the Trustees and Commissioners, amongst others, for putting in Execution an Act of the Fifteenth of his present Majesty, for repairing the Read from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge; for continuing the Powers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament; One for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge-, another for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge -, and the Third for explaining,'amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts. and for enlarging the Terms granted thereby; and ado the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution lb much of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of his present Majesty, for continuing the Powers granted by Three several Acts; One for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Heath, and the

Town of Cain bridge: another for repairing the Road from Foulmireto Cambridge-, and the Third for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two-former Acts, and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts, as relates to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge-, were referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

An Act, passed in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George-, and also an Act, passed in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty; and also an Act, passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and also an Act, passed in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the said Roads; were read.

And the Agent for the Petitioners bid before the Committee, an Account of Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls collected upon the Road horn Stump Cross to market Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, for Five Years last pad; and also an Account of the Receipt of the Tolls collected on the said Road in the Months of October, November, and December, for Four Years last

past; and also an Account of the Money owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls; by which Accounts it appeared, that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls, amounting to be repaid, unless the said Acts, with respect:

to the said Roads, are further continued, and rendered more effectual.

M r Robert Lagd, Col 1 e ft or of the Tolls at Bourubridge Turnpike Gate, being examined, said, That the Income of the Tolls has very much decreased for Three Months past, since Waggons have been drawn with Four Horses only; the Toils upon a Waggon drawn by Five Horses Being One Shilling, and the Tolls nnon a Waggon drawn

O twJq _ i oc

by Four Horses being only Six Pence: And further said, that the keeping the said Hoads in Repair will cod; more Money now than formerly, by reason Materials for repairing the same are more difficult to be got.

Then t ee Committee proceeded to examine the Allegations of the second-rncntioned Petition.

And to prove the Allegations thereof,

The Agent lor the Petitioners laid before the Committee, an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls collected upon the Road from Foulmire to Cam* bridge y for Seven Years last past; and also an Account of the Money owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls; by which Accounts it appeared, that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money owing upon the Credit of the said "Foils, amounting to £. 1,000 be repaid, nnlcfs the said Atts, with respect to the said Roads, are surd ler continued, and rendered more effectual.

Georot

Stump

CroOs

Road.

31° Januarii. A. 1755.

Ottley

to

Kighicy,

Road*

Buildings in Dean's Yard, Westminster.

George Rifle Esquire, being examined, said, That the Road from Peterhmifc College in Cambridge to the First Mile Stone leading to Trumpington; and also the Road from the Pavement at Emanuel College to Parker's Piece, and to Conduit Head, where the said Road joins the aforesaid Road, from Peterhouse College to the said Mile Stone; and also the Road from the End of the Parish of Foulmire, to the Parish of Barley; are in a very foundcrous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired by the present Method prescribed by Law: And he further laid, that the Provision already made for repairing the Road from Hanokflon to Royston has proved inefficient to answer

the Purposes thereby intended; the said Road being now in a very bad Condition; and, was the same effectually repaired, the Trade between Cambridge and Royston (which is very considerable) would be carried on with more Ease and Certainty than at present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Powers granted by Three l'e-veral Acts of Parliament; One for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket and the Town of Cambridge-, another for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge-, and the Third for explaining, amending, and rendering more efftdlual, the said Two former Acts; and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts; and for repairing other ruinous Parts of the Highways adjacent to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge: And that the Lord Royston, the Lord Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Thomas the Marquis

of Granby, and Mr. Cadogan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Conyers D'Arcy reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Ottley, Menston, Morton, and

Kighley, in the County of York, and of the several Inhabitants of Trawden^wdi Coin, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunder-written, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Morehonje said, That the Iload from Ottley to a Place called Swine Lane End, is very ruinous and bad, and, in many Places, so narrow that Two loaded Horses cannot pass each other; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for amending and widening the Road from the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place called Bell, near Coin, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Lazos in Kighley, in the said County of York, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road from "a Place called Swine Lane End to the Town of Ottley, in the said County of York.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the reverend William Markham, Doctor of Laws, and Thomas Salter Esquire, on behalf of themselves, and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Samuel Cox Esquire, said. That many young Noblemen and Gentlemen at Westminfte School are obliged to

l7

lodge at a considerable Distance from the said School, for want of convenient Houses contiguous thereto; which is a great Disadvantage to such Scholars; and it has been made an Objection to the fending of Boys to Westminster School, that they are dispersed at so great a Distance from the School, where they cannot be under the Eye of the Master.

The reverend Mr. Lloyd, Under Master of the School, said, That it is very inconvenient that the Boys should be at so great a Distance from the Mailers out of School Hours; and that several Persons of Distinction had made Objection to the School upon that Account.

And being asked, if the Scholars in the College are more regular than the other Boys, he laid, they are confined in the Chamber; that they are locked up sooner; and that he himsell visits them every Evening.

And being further examined to the same Purpde, he said, that many Persons of Distinction had procured their Sons to be elected into College, for the fake of their Education merely, who did not want the pecuniary Advantages.

Several Members present confirmed what had been said by the Witnesses upon this Head; and one Gentleman added, that the Boarding Houses, being so distant from the School, has been the only Reaibn why he has not sent his Children to Westmin

And both the Witnesses further said, it would greatly contribute to the Safety and Conveniency of the Scholars, if a sufficient Number of Boarding Houses, under proper Regulations, were built in Dean's Yard.

Mr. Cox laid. That, in consequence of a Conversion with Doctor Markham, about Six Months ago, he had applied to Mr. Hoare, a Builder and Surveyor, who, together with the Witness, took a Survey of Dean's , and of the Ground adjoining, and Buildings thereupon and that the Houses in Dean's Yard are chiefly old and ruinous, particularly that Part next the Almonry and Smith Street; and that those in Stable Yard and College Court are also ruinous; but that there are Two new Houses in Dean's Yard.

Mr. George Hoare, Surveyor, said, That, by the Di-redlion of Mr. Cox, he surveygd Dean's Yard, and the Houses and Buildings adjoining: That there are few good Houses, but many bad Houses, and much waste Ground: That there are only Two good Houses, which are in Yard, and One on the South Side, which is l'omething better than the general Run of the Houses; and that it will not be necessary to take down any ether good Houses than those he has mentioned, to form a Square of 500 Feet by 400, and Room left sufficient whereon to build Houses.

Mr. Daniel Gellsaid, That the Buildings in Stable Yard and College Court are old; and that the Houses in general in Deans Yard are in bad Repair, except the Bounty Office, and Two Houses adjoining, and the House wherein Doctor I Vi If on lives.

Being asked, if the Lady C House had not been repaired within these Two Years, he said it had, and, he believes, at a considerable Expence; but does not know what the Expence amounted to.

And being asked, if Doctor s House could be

properly called Part of Dean's Yard, he laid, there is a Dispute at present in relation to the Boundaries of what antiently was the Close-, and he does believe, when the Boundaries are settled, it will be deemed to be within the Close:

That Doflor fVifan's House is held from the College by a Lease of 40 Years, and in the Name of Mr. Smith, as he believes, in Trull for Doctor and that he

never knew that any Prebendary held a House in his own Name.

Being asked, what Sort of a House Doctor Wit Jon's Prebendal House was, he said, that there was great Difference between the Prebendal Houses; and that Doctor

Wtlfon'%is not among the worst, but is of the Second Rate.

Being asked, whether, antecedent to the Pet it ion’s being presented, it had been communicated to the Dean and Chapter, he said he did not believe it had; but if One of

the

28 Geo. II. $ i° Januani — t°i3 3

the Prebendaries'had appeared Yesterday, to have made a Chapter, it Would have been laid before them.

Mr. Cox further said, that when this Scheme was first thought of, Chapters were seldom held; but that lie had mentioned it to some of the Prebendaries at different times; and that he had been lately informed; that this Petition could not properly be presented to the other House > and that the Time limited by this House for receiving Petitions was near expiring:

That, after he received this information, no Chapter was held till this Day; but the Witness waited upon Doctor Nicftolls, the Sub-dean, who was with the Bishop of Rochester, and left a Copy of the Petition with him;

and Yesterday a Chapter was to have been held; but One of the Prebendaries lent Word he could not attend; and so no Chapter could be held:

That, when this Scheme Was first agitated, the Witness did imagine, that* as the Houses were so bad*, it might be carried into Execution without the Assistance of Parliament; but, upon Inquiry, finds there are some Houses in Settlement, which cannot be purchased:

And he further said; that, in general, the Land proposed to be made use of is this Property of the Dean and Chapter.

The reverend Doctor Taylor informed your Committee, That a Chapter had been that Day held, of the Bishop of Rochester, as Dean, Doctor as Sub-dean,

Doctor Heylih, Doctor Friend, Doctor Taylor, Doctor Crane, and Doctor Thomas; and that ail thele Gentlemen had been acquainted with this Proposal, and none of them had ever made the lead Objection to it.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the reverend William Markham, Doctor of Laws, Thomas Salter Esquire, and others, to build Houses, and open a Square, in and upon a certain Piece of Ground, called Deans Yard, West and several Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto: And that the Lord Mr. Ellis, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Secretary the

Master of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, the Lord George Sackville, the Lord Strange, the Lord Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Alderman Bechford, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Alderman Richard Bechford, and Mr. Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mark* Sir Charles Mor daunt presented to the House, atcord-rborough, ing Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the R®ad Rondt from the Town of Market in the County of

Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Papm Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this ibfcf'u* House»CoP ies of the several Lists of the Amount of the Monies and Effects found and taken on board the SpanifliShip. Bolacta Anna Mariay St. Felix, at the Time of the Capture thereof, and of the Distribution thereof, which were exhibited before the Commissioners of Prizes for hearing Appeals in Prize Cau'es, in pursuance of an Ordermade by the said Commissuners on the 26th of March 1752.

Sankey Mr. Hardman presented to the House, according to Brook Order, a Bill for making navigable the lliver or Brook avigation. C3jjC(j sanpL,y Rrook, and the Three several Branches thereof from the River Merfly, below Sankey Bridges, Up to Broadman's Stone Bridge, on the South Branch, to Germed's Bridge, on the middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge, on the North Branch thereof, all in the County Palatihe bf Li ncaster; and also for adjusting the Measure of Coal to be brought down the said River, and fold within the Town of Liverpool, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time. Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Preservation Fazakerley presented to the House, according to

Highways, Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of *c. the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the

Vol. 27.

Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second dime.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords; by Mr. Edwards and

Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Robert

to enable Wenman Coke, heretofore called Ro- Nam*

berts, Esquire, and his Iifue Male, to take the Surname of Coke oniy, pursuant to the Direction of the Will of Si- Edward Coke Baronet, deceased; and that the said;

Wenman Coke, and his Issue Male, may bear the Arms of the said Sir Edward Coke; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have pdfled a Bill, intituled, An Act to GrimlWs enable the honourable Harbottle Grimflon Esquire, and Name, the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname arid Arms of Lucky*, pursuant to the Wills of Sir Harbottle Luckyn Baronet, and Edward Luckyn Esquire, deceased:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Common rectifying and supplying several Defects and Omissions Recoverie* in certain common Recoveries suffered by Edward -. man Esquire: To which the Lords desire the Concur- ' P rence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the Appleby

15th Day of this instant January, for hearing at the Bar E^i°n* of this House, upon Friday the 7 th Day of February next, the Matter of the Petition of Sir John Ramsden Baronet, and Fletcher Norton Esquire; and also the Matter of the Petition of several Burgesses of the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; severally complaining of an undue Died ion and Return for the said Borough, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Tomorrow Three \Vceks, the 22d Day of February next.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply; next, resolve itself into & Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy i° die Februarii;

Anno 28" Georgii II41 Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

MR. Berkeley presented to the House, according to Burford Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road Jrnn® leading from the Hand and Post at the Top of Burford °d ’ Lane, in the County of Gloucester, through several Parishes, to the Town of Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick-, and also the Road from the Cross Hands1*.in Salford Hill, leading through several Parishes to join the Turnpike Road from Burford to Gloucester, at a Place called the Hand and Post jn ihe Parish of Dowdeswell, in the County of Gloucester:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

M m Ah

Grim (Ion’s Name.

CalverJey

Moor

Inciouire.

Southwark

Market.

134 i° — x'Februar A. 1755.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the honourable Har bottle Grimjion Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Luchn, pursuant to the Wills of Sir Luckyn Baronet, and Edward Lttckyn Esquire, deceased; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes and Commons in thcPariili and Manor of Caherley, in the West Biding of the County of Yodk: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of in

the Borough of Southwark, in the County of whole

Names are thereunto subscribed., in behalf of themselves, and several others of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, presented to the House upon Thursday the 16 th Day of Januarylaft, fora Bill to impower them to remove the Market held within the Lordship and Manor of Southwark; and alleging, that the greatest Partof theNuilances and Dangers complained of in the said last mentioned Petition, are not to be imputed to the Situation of the said Market, but arise from marry other Causes; particularly from the very narrow, incommodious, and dangerous, Passage over London Bridge, the Mischiefs proceeding from which are not to be otherwise remedied than by greatly widening the Pafiiige over the said Bridge; and that the Stops and Impediments, which happen in the high Street on Market Days, are principally occasioned by filling up great Part of the said Street with Sheds, Stalls, Stands, and other illegal Encroachments; and the Stoppages on the Days whereon no Market are held, arise from the said Street’s being made a common Stand for empty Waggons, Carts, DTays, and other Lumber; and that the said Nufances can be imputed to no other Cause than the total Neglect of putting in Execution the Laws now in being for regulating and keeping the said Market within its proper Boundaries, which the Petitioners have long Imce duly remonstrated to the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of London, without Succefi; and which the Petitioners would fee effectually performed, were they impowered so to do; but as the Property, Management, and Jurikiiftion thereof, is claimed and exercised by the City of London, as an exclusive Right veiled Iblely in themselves; the Petitioners are deprived of the proper Authorities for that Purpose; and further alleging, that the Removal of the said Market from the said Parish would be detrimental to the Public, and greatly prejudicial to the Landholders, and to the Petitioners; and that if the said Market be removed, without clearing and widening the Passage over the said Bridge, the Nuisance and Danger will still remain: And therefore praying. That, if it shall be the Opinion of the House that the Market ought to be removed, the same may be lodone to Ibme convenient Place within the Parish of St. Saviours, and no other Part of the Borough, conformable to the Privilege granted them by Parliament; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief and Assistancein the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Earl of HiUJhorough reported to the House, That

heir Address of fVedncfday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased togive Directions, that Copies of the ytveral Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this

20

House, had been prefehted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and also

the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Saviours, in the Borough of South work, in the County of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; are referred, do report their Opinion to the House upon the Matters contained in the said Petitions.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner Baronet, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order toestablish the Votes of several Persons, who voted for the said Lord darker and Sir Edward Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And thin the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till TuesdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Tuesday Morning next, with the double Return for the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly *.

And an ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reftitying and supplying several Defects and Omissions in certain common Recoveries suffered by Edward Spelman Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mbrning, Nine of the Clock.

Luncs, 3* die Februarii \

Anno 28* Georgii IlJi Regis, 1755. Praters.

A PETITION of the Mailers and Owners of Ships in Scarborough, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, if the proposed Plan for contrafting the Harbour of Ramsgate should be earned into Execution, the said Harbour will, in a great measure, be rendered useless: And therefore praying. That the said Plan may not be further proceeded upon; and that proper Measures be taken for ascertaining a proper Plan for the said Harbour.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the C011-lideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Owners and Mailers of Ships, and Pilots, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Chairman and Commissioners of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, within the Limits set forth in an Act of Parliament, passed in the20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservat ion and Improvement of the River Wand Port and Haven

of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, assembled at a

Meeting,

Southwark

Marker.

Oxford

County

Eiccuofl.

Common Rrn veritt fuss, red by bpclmau.

P and ate Hartsour.

LyddelP*

Ballad

Machines.

Tnit wich Roads.

taunceftoa

Workhousr,

kc.

M

P\

28 Geo. II. X° Febfuarii, 13c

Meeting, pursuant to the said Act; oh Monday the 27th Day or January in the Year of our Lord 1755, was Pre-lented to the House, and read; reciting the Petition df Ru hard Lydddl, presented to the House upon the 8th Dav of January Jail, relating to a new Sort of Machines' or Vessels, invented by him for the Removal of fearth, B.dlaft, Sand, or any kind of Matter, from any Port, River, Harbour, Creek, or Inlet; and alleging, that the said Richard Lydddl, for several Months pall, hath employed his laid Machines in taking great Quantities of Ballast out of Ships in the River Tyne, and dropping the same at Sea; and that great and irreparable Damage fnay be done to the Port and Harbour olby the said Richard Lydddl'% continuing to employ his said Machines in taking Ballad out of Ships in the River Tyne, and carrying such Ballast out to Sea 5 and that all Ships of great Burthen, trading to the Port of Sunderland, are obliged to anchor at Sea, and take in their Loading at a great Distance from the Harbour; and, in bad Weather, such Ships arc often driven from their Anchors; in which Emergencies, the Port and HarboUr of Shields is the only Port to the Northward to which such Ships can make for Safety: And expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that, in case the House shall think fit to enlarge the Term granted to the said Richard Lydddl by the Letters Patent, recited in the said Richard Petition, the

I Joule will provide that he be restrained from making use of his said Machines in taking Ballast out of Ship* in the River Tyne, and carrying such Ballast but to Sea.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fiiieration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Lydddl is referred: And that they do examine ti e Matter of this Petition; and report the table, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

t

Mr. Foley presented to the House, According to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from Bridge, within the Borough of -Droin tire County of Worcester, through the Lanes called Hampton Lane and Hide Lane, to a Place called Low Hill bn Common; and the Road between the hid Hampton Lane and Hart/elniry Common, leading over Mujlard Green to a Place called the Spout, in the Parish of; and

also the Road or Lane called leading out of

Hampton Lane aforesaid into the Turnpike Road between Ombersley and the Mitre Oak; and also the Lanes

called Frog Lane and Back Bridge Lane, within the said Borough: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Morice reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough of Dunheved otherwise , in the County of Gortnvall, on behalf of themselves, and the bther Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Mary Magdalen, Within the said Borough, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Joshua Thomas and Mr. Richard Wilfh, being severally examined, said, That the Number of poor People has of late Years very much increased within the Borough of Launcejion, and Parish of St. Mary in

the County of Cornwall: That if a Work house was erected for the Employment and Maintenance of the said Poor, it would save many of them from Ruin, and be a great Ease to the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Parish, in respect to their Pbor’S Rate:

That Scarne Common, belonging to the MayOr and Commonalty of the said Borough, is, in its prefect Situation, of very little Advantage to them; and they are willing and delirous that the same may be let or fold; and that the Money arising thereby may be applied to the Use Vot. 27.

of the Poor of the ikid Borough and Pa-ifh, if a Work-house was erected for the Purposes aforesaid;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor the Borough of Dunheved other Wife , and Parish

of St. Mary Magdalen, in the County And

that Mr. Morke and Sir George Lee do prepare, and bring iiV the lame.

Mr. Thomas Coventry reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands; and Hereditaments, in the County of Wo, late the Estate df Thomas Mason, deccated, pursuant to an Agreement, and for applying the Money afiling thereby for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the > om-niittee; and that the Committee had directed him ro ft-' port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment': ' And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. r

Mr. Cocks reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from in

the County of Surrey, through the Borough of by SidlowMill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam, and over Howell Hill to 5 and also the Road from Tadworth, by the Wind Mill; to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County; was committed;That the Committee had examined the A negations of of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then-a Second time* one by one; and, except One of them, which was disagreed to, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Persons, traVel-Yelling on and through the Road leading from a Place called the Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford or Gojfard Bridge-, to a certain Gate entering upon Weslon on the Green, in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for Repairing the Roads leading from the Cross of Hand, near Bridge,

in the County of Warwick^ to Banbury, in the Comity of

Oxford, attd from the Guide Post near the Village of Ad- ' derbury, to the Mile Way leading to the City of and setting forth, that the first-mentioned Road joins with the last mentioned Roads, and is become fa ruin- -ous that the same cannot be repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of LaW: And rhdri*^ fore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening the said K64dt leading from the Two Mile Tree Aforesaid, over Gosford the said Gate’ entering upon Weston on the Greed af fe-said; or that the Petitioners may nave such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the tame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Foley, Lord

North, Mr. Cornnvall, Sir C Sir Armine

Wode house, Mr. Kyndjion, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lvjlef Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Caley, Mr. Bacon, Mf. Great heed, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Egertoni Sir Willoughby AJ*-ton. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wigley, Sir John Cufi, Mr.

Grove,

Mason’s

Estate.

Sufton;

Reads.

Gosford

Bridgt,

Sec.

Roads.

Leith

Barbour.

Wolverhampton

Chapel.

Lossof Hie Prince Frederick Pacquet*

x36 56 — 4° Februarii. A. 1755*

Grw, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hill, Mr. , Mr. Colleton,

Mr! Chester, Mr. Crowle, Sir Charles Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Boihurst, Mr. Hay, Lord Guertifey, Mr. Craven, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Shelley, Sir Francis , Mr. Gyb-bm. Sir Royer Nezvdigate, Captain Mr.

Wright, Mr. Thurjbyi Mr. Barrow, Mr; Palmer, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Powney, Lord Harley , and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according so Order, a. Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving and enlarging the Harbour of Leith, and to impower the Trusttes therein mentioned to purchase Lands for that Purpose, and for erecting Docks and other Conveniences on the Sides thereof, and for laying a Duty of Tonnage on Shipping entering into the said Harbour; and for the better supphing the City of Edinburgh with fresh and whole so me Water: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for erecting and building a new Chapel in the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill Be committed to Mr. Leveson Gower, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Leveson Gower,

Mr. Barber, Mr. Wahlegrave, Mr Mr. Bagot, Mr. Viltiers, Mr. Chelicynd, Mr. , Mr.

Sir Mathew Lamb, Mr. Vernon, Lord George Mr. Grey, Mr. Herbert, Colonel Whitmore, Lord North, Mr. Moore, Mr. Monson, Mr. Hill, Lord Robert Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Fcl'owes, Mr. Hale, Mr. West, Mr.

Watson, Mr. Fairfax, Captain Saunders, Mr. Charlton, Mr.- Richard Vernon, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr.

Rovmes, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. O fLord

Mr. Archer,; \lr. Offiey, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Charles Gore,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Brook Forrester, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Mr. Lvfter, Mr. Dennis, Lord Ancram, Sir ConyersD’ Arcy, Lord Downe , Lord Barnard, Mr. Mr. Willes,

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Shelley, Lord John dtfti, Mr. S horn as Fane, Sir Richard Lyttelton, Lord Barrington, Lord predtrick Cavendish, Lot cl George

Loid Granby, Mr. Grenville, Sir Robert , Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Duffe, Mr.; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Salop, Chester, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Gajhry, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Marlon, Mr* Bullet, Mr Torke, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Moore, Lord Ro\ftoti, Mr. De/aval, Mr. Witkinson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Vyntr junior, Mr. Watson, Sir Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer* Mr. Pelham, Mr. Compton, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hay, Mr. Nicholfori

Calvert, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Secretary Mr.

Mr. ChaHton, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Philtipfon, Sir Francit

1 Poole, Mr. Fane, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. George Towufti'end, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Lord Dupplin, Mr.'

Martin, Mr. Shelley, Mr. HnrdingCi Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Alderman Wm. Beckford, Mr. Dicker, Lord Harley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Briftowe, Mr.

Mr. Serjant, Mr. Montagu, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Popham, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Wright, Mr.

Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. , Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord , Colonel Stanwix, Mt. Burrell, Mr. Medlytott, Sir Willoughby

Aston, Mr. Legh, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mr. Amx-

and, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Seizvytt, Lord Downe, Mr. , Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Symmons, Captain Saunders, Sir Richard

Lyttelton: A nd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Cl tk, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.*

Resolved, That this House will, uporr this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 40 die Februarii;

Anno 28° Georgii IIJi Regis, x755.

PltAtERS.

O IR Thomas Clavering reported from the Committee* kJ rowhom the Bill to enable Esquire*

now called Christopher Reed, and Ins Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Reed, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s 'lable.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several and respective Merchants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the Effects and Jewels on board the Prince Frederick Pacquet Boat, taken by Algerine Cruizers, and carried into Algiers (which was presented to the House upon Thursday the 16th Day of January last, and then

ordered to lie. upon the Table), might be again read. And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and date to the House, the Matters of Fad contained in the said Petition.

And it is- referred to Mr. Vyner, Sir Mr. Wortley, Sir George Lee, Lord , Sir Edmund

lsham, Mr. Beckford, Sir George Lyttelton, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Alderman Richard Beckford, Mr. Townftiend, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Nugent, Captain Frankland, Mr. Ellis, Mr. OJbaldefton, Lord Barrington, Mr. , Sir

George Daifton, Mr. West, Mr. Lyster, Sir John,

Mr Willy, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Alderman Raker, Mr. Chester, Dr. Mr. Fellowes,

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Corn, distinguishing the Species thereof, exported from Great Britain, from Christmas 1750, to Chrftmas 1754; distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Bounty paid thereon, and also the Names of the Ports from and to which the same were exported.

Mr. Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth of a Peny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow, and for extending the same over the Villages of Gorbells and Port Glasgow, and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

read

Wars and MeanM

Supply

Niine.

Account of Com exported

Glasgow

Two

Penies

Scots,

28 Geo. II.

4° Februarii.

Barrv. ole mew, London, Watch and

read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question l'evcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Mouse; And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Barnard presented to the Mouse-, according to Order, a Bill for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the ParithofSz.

London, and regulating the nightly W atch and Beadles within the said Pari fit: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. '

Buildings Ordered, That the Lord Mr. Stanhope, and

iu Dean’s the Lord Harley, be added to the Gentlemen, who are Westminster aPP°',ited to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enable the reverend William Markham, Doctor of Laws, Thomas Salter Esquire, and others, to build Houses, and open a Square,! n and upon a certain Piece ot Ground called

Turd, Westminster, and several Pieces Ground contiguous thereto.

Lydde'l’j

Baliaft

Machines.

Sankey

Brook

Navigation

A Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to the Ports of Shields and Sunderland, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition of Bichard Lyddell, presented to the House upon the 8th Day of January kill, for an Enlargement of the Term granted to the said Richard Lyddell by his Majesty’s Letters Patent, for the folc Use of an Invention of a new Sort of Machines or Vessels for the Removal of Earth, Ballad, Sand, or any other kind of Matter, from any Port, River, Harbour, Creek, or Itilct j and alleging, that if all the Baliaft that is brought into the P: t of Shields, was to he carried out into Fourteen Fathom Water, and not less, it would be of great Advantage to the River Tyne, and the Haven of Tinmouth, and the Coal Trade in general; and that the present Method of carrying Baliaft from Ships by Keels, and landing it upon the W harf’s, is very detrimental to the Harbour of but, by the

Machines invented by Mr. Lyddell, is intirely remedied: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant' him such Encouragement therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of chard Lyddell is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Market A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Harb«rough, Town of Market Harborough, in the County of through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Mr.

Tuckfield, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mr. Cadogan,

Mr. De/aval, Mr. SalufbuMr. Morton, Mr. More, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lee, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Hay, Mr. Philipps, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Thurjby, Mr.

Mr. Northey, Mr. Popham, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

liers, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gere, Mr. Gray, Lord Harley, Sir Cor del ‘are, Mr. Egerton, Sir Will Ajlcn,

Air.- Hunter, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Hume, Lord Guernsey, Mr. WHies, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lajcclies, Lord Strange, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Calvert, A'lr. Richards, Mr. Thornhagh; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wawick, Leicester, Stafford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. 27.

&c.

Road.

*37

A Bill for making navigable the River or Brook called Saukey Brook, and the Three several Branches thereof from the River Mersey, below Sankey Bridges, up to Broadman's Stone Bridge, on the South Branch, to Gerrard's Bridge, on the middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge, on the North Branch thereof, ali in the County Pa!a:ine of Lancaster; and also foradjufting the Mcaiure of Coal to be brought down the said River, and fold within the Town of Liverpool, in the said County j was read a Se-

cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. man, Mr. Torke, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Gore, Mr. inge', Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr. Keck,

Air. Cocks, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Northey, Mr. Calvert, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Webb, Mr. Phillififon, Mr. Bond, Air. , Sir

Charles. Mordaunt, Mr. C Mr. Marten. Mr. Lowndes. Air. Harvey, Mr. Prow/?. Mr. Hay, Mr. Legh, Mr. Fel/owes, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Temp eft, Loid

Mr. Crowie, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Mr. Thorn-

hagh, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyjler, Mr Gray, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Mealycott, Mr. Foley, Lord Mr.

Gajhry, Mr. More, Mr. Cheiwjnd, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Egerton, Sir Cor del Firebruce, Mr, Shelley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Caley, Mr. Sanays, Mr. Fane, Sir John

Rushout, Sir Roger Nwdigate, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Lee, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bathurff, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Walter, Mr. Mr. Bacon, Mr.

wyn, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Dalston, Mr.; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Chester,

Fork, Cumberland, and WestmoreAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an A:t of Parliament, paifei! in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways in the County of Edinburgh, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he r ad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

The A.Ct of the 24th Fear of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Highways in the County of Edinburgh to and from the City of Edinburgh, was read.

Then Mr. George Drummond infoimed your Committee, That, at the rime the said Act passed, theft acts thereby directed to be repaired were in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Trustees thereof were obliged to borrow large Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which have bcenduly applied according to the Directions of the said Act; and that the Tolls colieded by virtue thereof are not sufficient effectually to repair the said lloads; and therefore it will be necessary, in order to make the said Act effectual, to enlarge the Term and Powers thereof, and to augment the Tolls thereby already granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for eni-larging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh to and from the City of and from

mond Bridge to the Town of Queensjerry in the County of Linlithgow, and for making the said Act more effectual: And that the Lord Advocate of and Colonel Hal-

dane do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Crowie reported from the Committee, to whom K'mofioix the Petition of the Mayor and Burgeflfes of the Town of oooon’Hull

N n King Jon Tom &c*

Edinburgh

Road*.

138 4° Februariu 1755.

Kingslcn upon Hull vj is referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House ;and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, of the 9th and 10th Years of King William the 3d, was produced, and read; by which ;t appeared, that the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of upon Hull were constituted a Corporation, by the Name of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians, of the Poor of the said Town, to provide for the Maintenance of the Poor, with Power to ascertain and raise the Sums iuceflary for the Maintenance of the Poor under their Care; lo that the same did not exceed what had been paid in any One of the Three Years next before fading the said Act.

Tnen Two other Acts were produced to your Committee; one of the 8th of her late Majesty, Queen Anne, the other of the 15th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign; by which it appeared, that the said Corporation were impowered to assess further Sums of Money for the Purposes of the first-mentioned Act.

And Mr. Monfton, Town Clerk of being examined, said, That the Number of Inhabitants of the said Town isgready increased since the passing of the said Acts, and the Poor thereof become much more numerous; and that the yearly Sums, which the said C irporarion are ini-powered to raise, together with their other Revenues, arc not Sufficient to provide for them: That Two Shillings in the Pound is now rallied for that Purpose, but not at a rack Rent; and that the Corporation is become greatly in Debt.

And he produced to your Committee, An Account of the Debt of the said Corporation, Rated the aid of January 1755; by which it appeared, that the said Debt amounted at that time to the Sum of £. 76 5 145. 8 And he laid, that several Powers are wanting to enable the Commissioners to carry the said Acts cll'edually into Execution:

Tuat it has been the Custom for the Corporation of the said Town to buy Materials for paving the Streets, and the Inhabitants to pay the Workmens Wages; but that many of the Inhabitants now refuse it:

That, by real'on of the many heavy Carriages upon narrow Wheels, (hod with Iron, used in the Streets and Squares of the said Town, the Pavements thereof are become very uinous, and are, in many Places, very silt> y and dirty; and that proper Powers are wanting to enforce the paving and cleansing thereof:

That no Part of the said Town is properly lighted in the Night-time, there being no Lamps, except lbme ca-iual ones at Alehouses; and that it would be a great Advantage, if proper Provision was made for lighting the Streets, and securing the Lamps from being destroyed and broken.

Mr. Joseph Sill, being examined, confirmed the whole Evidence given by Mr. McnStcn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more ual, several Aifts of Parliament relating to the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Town of upon Hull;

and for the better paving, repairing, preserving, and cleansing, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Alleys, in the said Town, and preventing Obllrudions therein; and for preserving the Lamps which shall or may be let up in the said Town, for enlightening the Streets thereof, and securing the Piopertyoi l'uch Lamps to the Owners: And that Mi Crozvle, Mr. Lyster, and the Lord Robert Manners, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

W^.n’ An «"gr°fled the Lords, intituled, An Act for

£»ute. S.de of certain Mclfusgcs, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Worcester, late the Kilateo

dec*.aled, purliunt to an Agreement; and for applying the Money arising thereby lor discharging Incumbrances

affedung the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third tia^e".

Resolved, That the Bill do pals

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gov. ndo carry' the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, that this I louse hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the principal Manufacturers, Tradekncn, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Dudley, in the County pr of Worcester, was prc.cnted to the House, and read; Hig-.n*, letting forth; That, since the Commencement of the kite A-c*

Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads in this Kingdom, and f >r the more elsedual Execution of the La vs relating the reunto, the Piice of Land Carriage to and from Dudley hath greatly advanced; and that great Part of the heavy Brandi of the Manufactures carried on by the Petitioners is ot that low Value, that the additional Increaleon Carriage prevents the Petitioners f om supplying the Marker they usually did, and mult end, if not timely removed, in the Ruin of the said Town, and many Thoulmd Ta.iidu-s in that Neighbourhood, and to the great Derrimentct the Gentlemen ;vlio(e Imitates are firuated in and near the said Town; And therefore expressing the Hope of the Pei> tioners, that the House w ill take their laid Grievances into Consideration, and relieve them by such Ways as :o them Hull ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie u^on the Table, until the Bid toamendan Act, made in t:»c a6:h Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Rouis of this Kingdom, and for the more eiTeftual Ext enti n of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act, be read a Second time.

A B’l! for repairing and widening the Roads leading 3^ from the Cross of Hand near I< inford Bridge, in the County *

of Warwick, through the Town of Soutkatn, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from the Guide Post in the Village of Adder-bury, in the same County, through Kidlington, to the Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford'* and to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution Three Acts of Pa r.-lament, for repairing the Roads from Diwchurch u> the Bottom *f Meredin MIL in the,jCounty of (Harwich; and for rep firing the Hoad from the Bottom of Mereatn Hll aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said County; to aiiow, out of the Monies arising from the Tolls on the said Iliads, an annual Sum towards repairing the sint-mention- d Roads; was wad a Second time.

Rflved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charhs Mor.taunt, Mr. Morion* Mr, Lyder, Mr. 1'vrke, Mr.

Coventry, Sir John Philipps, Mr. TuekjieU, L >rd Dn> plin, Mr. Kxnafion, Mr. Harley, Mr. Pophait, Mr. Foley, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Pronje, Mr. Compton, Mr. Wort hey, Mr. Lee, Mr. Hechter J, Colonel Haldane , Mr Probyn, Mr. (Fey, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr J\Lor*t Sir Roger New digate, Mr. /////, Mu Hardman, Mr*

Lowndes, Mr. Ward, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Egcifon, Sir George Lee, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Rowney, Sir John Cull, Mr*

Batkurst, Sir JV. dough by Aftm, Mr. Gore, Mr. Chariton*

Mr, Hay, Colone: Bofcazven, Mr. Shelly. M . Sahdbury*

Sir Francis Poole, Sir Armine IVodehouse, L >rd Gnerufay,

Mr. Craven, M w Great heed, M,. Sandy s S,r John Ruth-out. Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Cary, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Nugent, Wv.Ducktns, Mr. Cnilaright, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr Fane, Mr. Campbell, Captain Fr<mk}and,

Mr. Wiglcy, Mr Mohicux, Lord North, Mr. Thnrj},y%

Mr. Grove and all 1 he Members who serve for the Couu* tics of IP arrack, Oxfonl, Northampton, and Leicester;

And they a?e 10 meet this Afternoon at Five oi the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mu Am wind reported from the Committee, to v:\r\n SanrUSJi the Penn* n of the M o.or, Jurats, a>d Cmvnonulty, of the Town and Pori vi Sandwich, in the vouotv «.f

Kent,

28 Geo. II. 40 — 50 Fe 139

Kent, and of several other Persons Inhabitants of the said Town and Port, and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examin.d the Matt er of the said Petition; and haddirected him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Hayward, Town Clerk of Sandwich, laid before your Committee an antient Book, called, " The " Customs of Sandwich," in Older to prove that King Edward did, in the 23d Year or his Reign, grant unto Sant Bartholomew'sHospital at Sandwich, for the Sup-

port thereof, the Profits arising from the Ferry over the Haven between Sandwich and Stonore.

Then a Lcale, bearing Date the 27th Day of November 1746, between the Master, Brothers, and Sifters, of the said H iipital, with Consent of the Mayor and Jurats of Sandwich, who are Patrons, Governors, and Visitors, of the said Hospital, and Valentine Sayer, was laid before your Committee by Mr. the Lessee; whereby it

appears that the said Master-, Brothers, and Sifters, of the said Hospital did kale toe laid Ferry, at a certain annual Rent, to the said Valentine Sayer, for the Term of Eleven Years, from Michaelmas then next ensuing.

Then Mr. John Hayward and Mr. Valentine Sayer, be-in? severally examined, laid, That the Passage over the said Ferry, is frequently very unfate and inconvenient; and that if a Bridge was built cr<<f> the said Haven, it would be a Means oi opening a much more safe and greater Communication between the said Town of Sandzvich and the Isle of Thanet, and several other Places in the Lafiern Parts of Kent.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the Water or Haven between the Town of Sandwich, and Stonore, in the County of Kent: And that Mr. A my and, Mr. Hardinge, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lobcomb \ Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants, of the Counties of ampton, and Wilts, was pres nted to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, for repairing and widening the It ad from through

Wort in, Overton, Whitchurch, Priors, Andover,

and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterflow, in the County of Wilts-, and letting forth,.That the high Road at Lobcomb Corner, in the said Parish of

Jlow, in the aforesaid County of Wilts, through the teve-ral Parishes of Middle Wallop, Lower Wallop,

Houghton, Lo)gjlock, and ailo through the Town and Parish of Stockaridge, through Sutton, Scotney, and Cr,-inborn, in the Parish of Wa.id through a Lane

called Popham Lane, to the T o n of Basingjioke, in the County of Southampton aforesaid, is in a very tounde-rous Co: fiition and narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Tiaveilers; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods preferred by Law: And therelo.e praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bi'l, for repairing and widening the said Road;or that the P "i:ioners mayhavc t'uch other Relief as to the House fiia’.l leeai meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for tebtor*. Relief of Inloivent IT btors: And Th. t Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Morion, Sir John , the Earl

cf Egmoiit, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Berkeley, the Lord Bar-

rington, Sir Francis Dr.ftrwood, Mr. John Symonds, Mr.

Cooke, Colonel TownjhenJ, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

, ^.re . The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the S: Bar of this l louse, the Matter of the Petition of the

Vo 1. 27.

under-subscribing Freeholders of Stirlingshire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Shire;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Two Months.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The H >ule proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the CounfeJ were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, Baronet, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order toestablish the Votes of several other Persons, who voted for the said Lor and Sir

Edward Turner, and whom the Counsel on theothcrSide had endeavoured to disqualify.

And they having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to establish the Vote of one other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

The said last mentioned Counsel waved their Objection to the Vote of the said Person.

Then the Counsel for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, examined several Witnesses, and produced

Evidence, in order to establish the Votes of several other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Packer and Sir Edward Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, upon Thursday Morning next, with the double Return for the County of Oxford.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 50 d Februarii; Anno 28° Georgii IP* Regis, 1755. Prayers.

ABI LL for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Hand and Post, at the Top of Buford Lane, in the County of Glourester, through several Parishes, to the Town of Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick-, and also the Road from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, leading through several Parishes, to join the Turnpike Road from Burford to Gloucester, at a Place called the Hand and Post, in the Parish of Dowdeswell, in the County of was read

a Second time.

Refchxd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Foley, Mr Hayward, Lord North, Colonel Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fdljwes,

Mr . Prowse, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Cor del brace, Mr. CartivAght, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Henley, Mr. Mr.

Northey, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Tig by, Mr. Forejier, Mr. HalSir John Philipps, Mr. Craven, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Moore, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Powner. Sir Willoughby , Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lajcelies, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Lee, Lord Middleton, Lord Towns, Mr. Sarjant, Mr. Buller, Mr. Bond, Mr. Mr. Hardman, Mr.

Cocks , Mr. Wiiies, Sir Charles Kemys Mr.

Sir Lionel Pilkiugien;and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Gloucester, Worcester, Warwick, Oxford, Wilts, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir

Oxford

County

Election.

Burford

Lout

Roau.

140 5° Februarii. ^.1755.

Thirik Sir Conyers & Arcypresented to the House, according shipped on the Owners Account, and for the Service of

Wafliam ^r<^cr> a Bill &r repairing and widening the Road the Ship, exhibited as aforesaid.

Road.m fr°rri Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through Baldersby, to N° 3. Copy of the Translation of a Certificate of the

BnUer (by Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way same Consul and Merchants, as to the Colt and Value of to Riyou, and through Ainderby, Quern how, and Nojh r-the Ship, exhibited as aforesaid.

field, by Well FUiJhesGale, to Masham, in the County of Ordered, That the said Schedule and Copies do l:e up-

York-, and likewise for removing the Toll House and on the Table to be peruled by the Members of the Turnpike Gates at Busby Stobb, in the said County, to House.

some other convenient Place on the Road leading from The said Schedule and C pies are preserved amongst: Boroughbridgeto the City of Durham: And the same was the other Papers of this Seifiiun.

received; and read the Full time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a SeJortd time. Mr. Charlton reported from tire Committee, to whom -

the ingrossed Bill from the Lord-, intituled, An Act to GrirnfWs A*, '.ngrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Alexander Ready Esquire, and lib Ilf ic by Sophia Name. enable the honourable Har bottle Grimjlon Esquire, and the his Wife (late Sophia Edwards), o > take and ule the Sur-Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms name of pursuant to the Wi ' o' Edward Col ft on

of Luchyn, pursuant to the Wills of Sir Barbotlle Luckyn Esquire, deceased, and to b -ar the like A ms which were

Ba ronet, and Edward Luckyn Esquire, deceased, was read borne by the said Edward Coif on, was committed. That

a Second time. the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

Refolded, I hat the Bill be committed to Mr. O/mius, and found the same tube true; and that the Committee Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sad, fairy, Lord North, Sir Conyers D' Ar- had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with nit

'ey. Sir John Turner, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Charlton. Lord any Amendment: And Jie delivered the Bid in at the Mafias, Mr. Thomhagh, Sir John Cuft, Mr. Hdkiufon, Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Lowndes, Sir Willoughby AJ'ton, Mr. Che fir, Mr.

Dawkins, Mr. Colleton, Mr, Kynaftcn, Mr. Hay, Mr. An ingrossed Bill for continuing and rendering more Pozvney, Mr. Locke, Mr. Rowuey, Mr. Edward Finch, effectual an Act, passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of his Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Foley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. prelenr- Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty Calvert, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Willes, Mr Richards, Mr. of Two Penns Sc^ts, or One Sixth of a Peny Me ding, on

Bond, Mr. My tide!ton, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Nugent, Mr. every Pint of Ale and Beer that f:r.!l be vended or ibid Sandys, Mr. Walpole, Lord Digby, Mr. Townfund, Lord within the City of and for extending the lame

Gage, Mr. Powell, Mr. Palmer, Sir Francis Dashwood, over the Villages of and Port and Pri-

Lord John Murray, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Elliot, Mr. vileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and VII-

Probyn, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Vyner, Sir Cor del Firebrace; lages, was read the Third time.

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual an at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Lis pretent

Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of Kenilworth Ordered, That Mr. Crafter, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Moreton, Two Rentes Scots, or One Sixth of a Peny Sterling, on

Lulolure. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing every Pint ot Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold

and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, waste within the City of Glasgozv, and for extending the same Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of Kenil- over the v illages of Gorbells and Port and Privi-

war//;, in the County of Warwick, is committed. leges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages.

Ordered, Tint Mr. Gilbert Elliot do carry the Bill to 1’jpprj The Hotjfe being informed, That Mr. Bellas, Deputy the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, tile Capture Register to the Commissioners of Prizes for hearing Ap-

otaSpanitli peals in Prize Caules, attended at the Door; A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and

Ship. was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Mr. Lane:

House, pursuant to their Order, Mr. Speaker,

Copies of the Several Lists of the Amount of the Mo- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act nies and Effects found and taken on board the Spanijkto enable ill;am Lowndes Stone Esquire, lately called

Polacra Anna MariaySt. Felix, at the time of the Cap- William Lozvnd.es the younger, Esquire, and Catharine ture thereof, and of the Distribution thereof, which were his Wife, and others therein named, to take and use exhibited before the Commissioners for hearing Appeals in the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Stone, pursuant to Prize Caules, in pursuance of an Order made by the said the Will of Francis Lowe Esquire, deceased, without Commissioners, on the 26th of March 1752; together any Amendment, with a Schedule of the said Papers. And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Schedule was read; and is as followed); A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes and viz. Commons in the Parish and Manor of in the

N° t. Lilt exhibited on behalf of Rear Admiral Charles West Riding of the County of was read a Second Knowles Esquire. time.

N° 2. The like on behalf of Captain Poly carpus Taylor. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

N° 3. The like on behalf of Captain Edward Clarke and Air. Mr. Lyfier, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Sir Charles

Captain David Brodie. Mor daunt, Mr. Pozvney, Sir Charles Kemys Mr.

N° 4. The like on behalf of Captain Charles Powlett Rowuey, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Sir Edmund

and Captain Edmund Toll. Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Sir John Philipps,

N° 3. Copy of the Translation of the Register of the Sir John Cuf, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Nor they, JVlr. Cargo of the said Ship, exhibited on behalf of Francis Vaughan, Mr. More, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Mol/a, and others, the Owners and Persons interested in Mr. Bowes, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Air. Sandys,

the said Ship and Cargo. Mr. Vernon, Lord Mafias, Mr. Mr. Flay, Air.

N° 6. Copy of the Translation of an Estimate of the Drake, Mr. Air. Mr. Wright, Air.

Value of the Ship and Cargo, amounting to /. 16,224 Hardman, Mr. Mr. Grove, Mr. Symmonds, Mr.

10 s. 7 d. exhibited as aforesaid. Craven, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Roger New, ligate. Air. hoc-

JS°7. Copy of the Translation of a Certificate of Mr. Mr. Ward, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Air. Payot,

John Cilebrooke, his Majesty’s Consul at Cadiz, as to the Air. Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fellozves, Sir

Amount and Value of the Bricks and Money which were Franck Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gore,

Lord

P ruiy'i Name,

T

Glafyow wo Peniet Scots.

Lowndes*

Name*

Calverley

Moor

luclosure.

"Tmley

bridge,

&c.

*oad.

SouHby’*

Name.

Sutton,

&c.

Roads.

Bristol

Nightly

Watch,

28 Geo. IL 50 Februariu 141

Lord Hurley, Mr. Campbell, Lord Guernsey, Sir Armine

WodehouJ'e, Mr. Cooke, Mr. A Mr. Bond-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wefimor eland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Willoughby AJtcn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill fir enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and also for widening the said Roads; and also for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge, next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge± next to Abingdon in the County of Berks, and from the Mayor's Stone, at the End of the Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to and through Shippon, in the said County of Berks, to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill to enable Christopher Soulfoy Esquire, now called Christopher Reed, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Reed, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Christopher Elqurc, now

called Christopher Reed, an I his Heirs, to take and use ti e Surname and Arms of Reed.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering do carry the BiL to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlozv Milt, to Povey , a d from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam and o, er Hill, to Ewell -, and also the Road tram by

the Wind Mill, to the Bottom of in the said

County; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. In the Lift of Trustees, to insert " reverend 77mothy Allen, John Crawfurd, John Luxford, Ralph " Royle

Pr. i~j. Line 8. After " Reigate," to insert, " or at " some other Town or Place, as the said Trustees, or any a Five of them, shall appoint."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey Cross, and from Sutton aforesaid, through Cheam and over Howell to Ewell; and also the Road from Tadxvorth, by the Wind to the Bot-

tom of Pebble Hill, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Cocks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Affillants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, by the Act of the 11 th and 12th of King William the Third, the Mayor and Justices of the said City are invclted with full Power, at their General Quarter Sessions, to make Rules and Orders, and appoint ail necessary Officers for the Preservationol the Rivers Avon and Froom, and Government of a'I Pilots, Mailers of Ships, and other Vessels, navigating to and from the said City, and to impose

Vol. 27.

Fines upon Offenders; and alleging, that such Powers have been duly and regularly executed, to the great Advantage and Security of the said Trade and Navigation, and to the intire Satisfaction of the Petitioners-, and that, for these ReaLns, the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, in their Quarter S.(lions, are the most pr>*per Persons to be inverted with Power to regulate and suppjrt a nightly Watcn; and further alleging, that the Bill, now depending, for granting to the said Mayor and Aldermen such Powers, will, it passed into a Law, be a very faiutary one; and that the desired Ends cannot be effectually obtained without it: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the principal Merchants, Freeholders, free Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Bristol, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wasaifo prYented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Bill for regu--lating and maintaining a nightly Watch within the said City, is a very useful and proper Bill, intirely calculated for the better Preservation of the Peace and good Order of the City; and that the Powers granted by the said Bill to the Magistrates of the said City, are no more than they ought to have, for answering the valuable Ends intended by t. e Bill: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law. 1

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Con-fulerat >n of the Committee, to whom the mid Bill is commuted.

The several Orders of the Day-, for the Attendance of

Nathanael Morgan, John Philipps the elder, Mr. Arthur Ju u< \ie Cuant in Carmarthen, Mr. John Evans, who acts as luwn Clerk for the County Borough of Carmarthen, Mr. Kedgwin Weobley, Mr. Isaac and

iaomasLewis, being read;

Toe laid Nathanael Morgan was called in; and, at the Bar, - card and examined, in relai ion to the Matter of the C anplaint made to the House, upon the 23d.

Day o! January [aft, That Nathanael Morgan and John Ph:l;pt s the elder, having been served with an Order of tim C mimittee of Privileges and Electiops, for permitting Griffith Philipps Esquire, and his Agents, to inspect any of

trie original Polls tak^n at any Elect ion of Burgesses toferte in Pai Lament for the County Borough of Carmarthen, or any Charters, Records, Hates, Assessments, Certificates, public Books, or public Writings, belonging or relating to the said County Borough, had not complied with the said Or er.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

He was again called in, and further examined in rela* tion to the Matter of the said Complaint:

And the said Thomas Lewis was also called in, and examined in relation to the Matter of the said Complaint.

And then the said Nathanael Morgan and the said Thomas Lewis were directed to withdraw.

Then the said John Philipps the elder was called in; and, at the Bar, heard and examined in relation to the Matter of the said Complaint.

And the said Thomas Lewis was again called in, and further examined.

And then they were both directed to withdraw.

The laid John Philipps the elder was again called in, and a Witness was examined, in order to disprove the Evidence given by the said Thomas Lewis against the said John Philipps.

And the said Thomas Lewis was again called in, and confronted with the said Witness.

And then the said Thomas Lewis and the said Witness were directed to withdraw.

Then another Witness was called in, and examined in relation to the Matter of the said Complaint.

And the said Thomas Lewis was again called in, and confronted with the said Witness.

And then the said John Philipps the elder, the said Thomas Lewis, and the said Witness, were diicfted to withdraw.

O o A

Bristol

Nightly

Waich,

Carmarthen

Election.

1^2

5° — 6° Fe

4175

F*

D

The House being informed, That Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Aftsol Parliament,

An Account of the Bounties on and coarse

Bar of this House. on the Matter of the said Complaint Linens exported from Scotland, paid out of fuc: Pm of against the said Nathanael Morgan, has endeavoured to the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Inci-suppress the Truth, and has prevaricated

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it appears to this House, That the said Complaint against the said Nathanael Morgan and the said John Philipps the elder has been made good j

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradiccnie.

A Motion being made, That it appears to this House, That the said Thomas Lewis, in giving Evidence, at the

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the 1 loufe do now a. journ;

The House divided.

The Noes vent forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

Tellers for the Noes, f Mr'

1

1

7r*

37

Mr. Alderman Richard:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question was proposed, That it appears to this House, That the said Thomas in giving Evi-

dence, at the Bar of this House, on the Matter of the said Complaint against the said Nathanael Morgan, has endeavoured to suppress the Truth, and has prevaricated.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon j 0 A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth

Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Bond:

Tellers for the Yeas.

Tellers for the Noes, J S,r John Cotton*

7a*

73-

Mr. Kynaston:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question before proposed, by leaving out the Words " has " endeavoured to suppress the Truth, and."

And the Questiou being put, That those Words Hand Part of the Question;

Jt passed in the Negative.

Then the Question, lb amended, was proposed, That :t appeal’s to this House, That the said Thomas Lewis, in giving Evidence at the Bar of this House, on the Matter of the said Complaint, against the said Nathanael,

has prevaricated.

And.a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Mo ruing next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 6 ’ die Februarii;

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755. PllAYEttS.

Monmouth !\ fR- Bathurjlof Monmouth reported from the Com-Roads. -liv x mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widen-iing the several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Tovv n of Monmouth, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the -lame tobe true j and that the Committeehad gone through the Bill, and made fcv.ral Amendments thereunto; which ithey had directed him to report to the House; andheread the Report jn his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

; with the'Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And ibe House being informed, that some further

to be made to the said

proper

-Amendment would be

- bill J

Ordered, Tint the said Bill be re-committed. Ordmed, That the said. Bill be re-committed Coo. m 're, to whom the same was committed. 20

dents, to the 5th of January 1755 inclusive, pursuant to a Clause of an Act of the 20th, and a Clause of an Act of the 22d,of his present Yhuefty; together with the Quantities of the several Species of Linen for which the said Bounties have been paid.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That (lie said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perultd by the Members of the House.

Tire said Account is preserved amor, git the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed. That Mr. Poirier, from the Committee of the Company ol Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copies of Extracts of Letters from th~ Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, t,< -7lumas Melvil Esquire, Governor of Lofiie, tdc a, J

from him to the Committee; together with a List of the said Extracts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read; and is as followed);

N° I. Extract of a Letter from Thomas M. evil Esquire, to the Committee of the Company of Merchanlsliading to Africa, dated Cape Goaf 1 tth 1 753.

From Thomas Melvil Esquire, to the Committee, 14th March 1753.

From the Committee to Thomas Esquir-% and

Council, 17th of Odder 1753; containing instructions sent by the Committee to them.

From the Committee to Thomas Melvil Esquire, and Council, 23 January 17 ^4.

From Thomas Melvil Esquire, to the Committee, 10th of October 17^3.

From Thomas Melvil Esquire, to the Committee, 5th November 1753.

From Thomas Melvil Esquire, to the Committee, 26th.

December 1753.

From Thomas Melvil Esquire, to the Committee, 26th January 1754.

From Thomas Melvil Esquire, totLe Committee, Ditto. Copy of a Letter irom Air. John Thomas

Melvil Esquire, dated Succ 24. ii January 1754. Extract of a Letter from Thomas Melvil Esquire, to the Committee, 4th Ap.il 1754.

From the Committee to Thomas Mdvil Esquire, 7 th September 1754.

From Thomas Mdvil Esquire, to the Committee, a ill June 1754.

From the Committee to Thomas Melvil Esquire, 5th November x 754.

N° 2. C opy of a Letter to Thomas Melvil Etqu* e, d ited Cape Coajl Town, loth March 1754, from Mr. IVII-Ham Husbands, Partner to Mr. Jo hi Roberts, late Governor of Cape Coajl Cafilc, now in London, with Mr. Melvil $> Answer, referred to in Mr. Me fail's Letter to the Commitree, of4th April 1754., and in the Committee's Letter to Mr. Mefail, of 7L1 September* i 754.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table* to be peruled by the Members of, the iloufe.

The said Papers are preserved amon^it the other Papers of this Session.

to the The House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford\ from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He

Account ifruniitt on Lucn,

African

Gnftpny.

Account* ofin

G-

Sctlcr,

See.

Nat.

LyeMeH’s

Ballad

Machines.

Nunborn-

hohne

Inclosuc.

8 Geo. II. 6° — -7® Februarii. 143

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all the Indico imported from the British Colonies in America, into England, for Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1753; distinguishmgeach Year, and

what was imported into the Port of and what in-

to the Out Ports, and also what Part thereof received the Bounty: And also,

An Account of all Indico imported from Foreign Parts into England, for Ten Years, from 1743, to

Christmas 1753; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accountsare preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Otto Evald Seller and Albert with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships belonging to the Town of Scarborough, in the County of York-, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition of Richard Lyddepresented to the House upon the 8th Day of January last, for a Prolongation of the Time granted to the said Richard Lyddell, by his Majesty’s Letters Patent, for the sole Use of his new invented Ballad Machines, or Vessels; and alleging. That the said Machines or VdTels are well adapted lor the Preservation of the Harbour and River of as they carry the Ballad into the Sea and drop it in not less than Fourteen Fathom Water; and that the Method now used, of cading Ballad out of Ships into Keels or Lighters, and afterwards throwing it on Quays or Wharfs, is a great Detriment to the said River and Harbour: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Encouragement to the said Richard Lyddell, as the House dial I think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Lyddell, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the reverend Edmund in the County of the City of York, Clerk, and William

Johiftm, of Nunburnkohne, in the County of York, Yeoman, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pallures, or Commons, in the Township of Nunburnholme, aforesaid; and letting

forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of near One Sixth Part of the Open Fields, Pafiures, and Commons, so intended to be inclosed, and of several Rights and Privileges, incident Thereto; and that the Petitioner EdmundGarfortk, is aho intitled to about hive Twelfths of all the old inclosed Meadow and Patiuie Lands lying within the Lordfinipof Nunburnholme, ah re-said; and alleging, that should the said Bid oafs into a Law, as it now Bands, it w ill be greatly detrimental to the respective Right* and Properties of the Petitioners in the new-intended Inciolurc, and also be a great 1..jury to the Right and Property of the Petitioner Edmond Gin forth in the old inclo'ed Lands: And therefore p rawing he House to give Leave, that the Petitioners may be licard, by their Counsel, against the fud Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Com itue, to whom the said Bill is committed: Arid that the Petitioners be heard, by their Voi. 47.

Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Mr. Cor tie-wall presented to the House, according so Order, a Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors-: And the same was received; and read the First t me.

Rcfohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bdl be printed.

The Order of the Dav being read;

The House proceeded to the further Heabng of the M atters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return hr the County ford, and of the find double Reiurn.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Purler a id Sir Edvard Turner, Baronet, examined tevenil With.Tes, an I produced Evidence, in order to establish the Votes of lev ral other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edvard Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counsel for the said Lord and Sir

Edward Turner, examined several Witnesses in order

to efhiblish the Vote of one other Person, who v >red for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Mutters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Saturday Morning-next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 70 die

Anno 28® Georgii IP' Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

A BILL for repairing the Road leading from

wich bridge,w ithin the Bmonghot in the County of Worcester, through the Lanes called Pic-mpion Lane, and Hide Lane, to a Place tailed Low on Hurtle-bury Common; and the Road between the said Hampton Lane and Harltebury Common, leading over Mustard

Green, to a Place called the Spout in the Parish of ley; and also the Road or Lane called Dorda/e, leading out of Hampton Lane aforesaid into the Turnpike Road between Ombersley and the Mitre Oak-, and a! lb the Lanes called Frog Lane and Back B Lane, within the said Borough; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Nor 1 key. Mi. Chester, Mr. Amsand, Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Cust, Sir Ch.tila Mot daunt, L >rd Dupplin, Mr. Mr. ikinjen,

Mr. Pozcney, Mr. O/tnius, Mr Morton, Mr.

Mi. Fellowes, Mr. Page, Mr. Mr Pi Id, Mr.

Romiey, Mr. Kvni hn, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mr.

Bowes, Sir John Turner, hir Mr.

Mr. Cooke, Mr. More, Sir John Gtynne, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Edmund ljhan 1, Mr. Bigot, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Bacon, Mr Kent, Mr. Hayward, Lord Downe, Mr. Harley,

Mr. hill, Mr. miles, Mr. Cornew Mr. West, Mr. Affirck,

Mr. Curzon, S.r Charles Kemys Lord Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Ojwald, Mr. Shelly, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester,

Debtors.

Oxford

C WWVf

Roads,

Stansfield’s

See.

£ dates.

Sankey

Brook

Navigation.

Gosrord

Bridge,

*C.

Road.

144 70 Februarii. 1755.

Gloucester, Salop, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wilkinson preferred to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the Sale of several Estates of Robert Stansfield Esquire, in the County of York, and for laying out tire Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase ot other Estates in the said County of York, to be settled to the like li'es: And the same was received; and read the Fi'tt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time

A Petition of the principal Land Owners and Proprietors of Coal Mines upon the upper Parts of the Three several Branches of the River or Brook called Sankey Brook, tn the County Palatine of Lancader, was prefen ted to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill, depending in the House, for making navigable the River or Brook called Sankey Brook.and the Three several Branches thereof, from the River Merfty, below Sankey up to

Broadman's Stone Bridge, on the South Branch, to Ger-rares s Bridge, on the middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge, on the North Branch thereof, all in the said County; and letting foith, That there are several great Coal Mines, or Coal Works, contiguous to the said several Branches, above the said respective Bridges:and alleging, That the said Three Branches are capable ol being made navigable higher than the said respective Bridges; the effetfling whereof would enable the Petitioners to supply the Towns of Liverpool and Nortkzvich, and Parts adjacent, with a large additional Quantity of Coal at a moderate Expence: And therefore praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, to impower the Undertakers, if they think fit, to make the said several Branches navigable higher than the said respective Bridges, not exceeding 800 Yards in D.stance from each Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bold, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. West, Mr. Curzon, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Webb, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys, Lord Malpas, Sir Wm.Meredith, Mr. Gore, Mr. vey, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cooke, Sir Wm Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Prowfo, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Sir

John Cufi, Mr. Bridgman, Mr- Colleton, Mr. Drake, Mr. More; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Laucaster, Chester, and York: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Rowney reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Persons, travelling on and through the Road leading from a Place called the Two Mile Tree, near the City of over Gosford

or Gofthrd Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon West on

on the Green, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Thomas Trollop Browne Esquire, Mr. Marmaduke Pye, and Mr. Thomas Walker severally said, That the Road

leading from the Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon West on on the Green, in the said County, is become fb very lu'nous and bad, that the same cannot be repaired by the ord i nary Courte of Law.

A Member present informed your Committee, That

the said Road is scarce paflablein the Winter Season; and that he hasofte: been obliged to go fume Miles about, in order to avo'd Part of the lame.

Ordered, That it be an Inflrucrion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roids leading from the Crofsof Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in

the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from the Guide in the Village of Adder bury, in the same County, through Kidliugton, to the Mile Way leading towards the City of;

and to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliament, for Repairing the Roads from Dunchurch to the Bottom of Mercden Hill, in the County of Warwick, and for repairing the llo.d from the Bottom of Mereden Hill aforefiic), to Stone Bridge in the said County, to allow, out of the Monies arising from the Tolls on the said Roads, an annua’ Sum towards repairing the first-mentioned Road -; is committed. That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called the Two Mile Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gosford otherwise Goftard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon Weston on the Green, in the said County.

Mr. Harris of AJld'urton presented to the House, according to O der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Chudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of in

the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ajliburton, to Brent Bridge, in the P. rish of South Brent in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Owners and Mutters of Ships using the Coal Trade in the Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Method used by the Machines or Vessels, invented by for the Removal of Ballatt from on Board Ships, and dropping it in fourteen Fathom Water, is cheaper and more advantageous than the Method used at present of catting it into Keels or Lighters, and landing it on the Ballatt Wturfs; and that the Town of Newcastle have grievously assessed the Petitioners, and all other Owners and Matters of Ships using the said Port, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and the Public in general; and that if the said Town of Newcastle was to employ the said Machines in taking up and carrying away the Banks of Sand now in the River, and which have been raised, in a great measure, by the washing and blowing off of the Sand and Ballatt from the Wharfs, the same would be a great Advantage to the said River and Harbour; and that if the said Machines were properly encouraged, the same would be of great Utility to the Public: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to grant the said Richard Lyddell inch. Encouragement as the House shall think proper.

A Petition of the Matters and Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Whitby, in the County of York, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the said Richard LyddelFs Machines or Vessels have been at Work in carrying Ballatt from on board Ships and Vessels in the Port of Shields and River of Tyne, for these Ten Months, and have been found to be extremely useful, by carrying the Ballatt at a Distance to Sea, and there dropping it; which is morefafe and expeditious than the present Method used in carrying the Ballatt in Keels or Lighters from the Ships, to be thrown upon the Wharfs, and more advantageous for the said Harbour; and that, by the Use of the said Machines or Vessels, the said Harbour and River will be kept from being further obstructed; and tf the same should be discontinued, and the former Method of unloading Ballatt pursued, the Navigation of the said River and Harbour may, in time, be ruined, as the Banks of Sand already in the River will be thereby daily increased; and that the Machines invented by the said

Richard

Chudleigh

Bridge,

Src.

Road.

Lvd'leir*

Riliaft

Machines,

Ditto.

28 Geo. II.

8° Februarii.

*45

Richard Lyddell, will he of very great Advantage to the Sir John , Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Mr.

Public in general, and to the Poit ot Shields in parti cu Mr. v, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Elliot, Sir lar: And therefore [ raving the House to take the Pre- Mr. Mr. , Mr. Mr. Beck-

mill s into Consideration, and grant to the said Richard , Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Yorke, Sir

Tolhr

Lone,

&c.

Road.

Lsddeil l'uch Encouragement as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Con-fid-ration of the Commitree, to whom the Petition of Richard Lyddellis referred: And that they do examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Lord Downe presented to the House, according to

Ord r, a Bill for amending and widening the Road from

John , Mr Mr. Potter, Sir

Rushout, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Chester, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. , Mr. Mr. Nicholson

Calvert, Mr. Alderman Bet hell, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Thomas Mr.

Mr. Henley. Mr. John Yorke, Sir Lloyd, Mr. Ord

L -rd El a I pas, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Secy miner, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Mr. Doflor Hay,

Mr. Barbo), Sir Hugh Mr. Alderman Dickin-

the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, thr< ugh foil, Mr. 6 toper, Mr. Mr. Andrew Mitchell, Mr.

Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place cal.cd Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Laws to and from a Place ca'led Swine Lane End to the Town of Otley, in the said

County of York: And the Lime was received; and read the Firll time.

Resolved, 1'hat the Bill be read a Second time.

Hume Campbell, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Belchier, General Onslow, Str William

Air. IL.y.s Mr. Sandys, Mr. Webb, Colonel Mr. Horatio H a foie, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Willy, Mr. Gibbons, Mr, John Mr. Fletcher,

Mr. Philip Zac hat iah I over can. Air. Sucker, Aj

Air. Charles Frederck,

Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Alexander Hume, Mr. Nathanael Newnham, Sir H m. Mr. Cache presented to the House, according to Order, Mr. Richards, Mr. Yorke,

Ratdiife

Ferry to a gjj for establishing and maintaining a Ferry across the Ro:IicrhiJie. j»jvcr Thames, between the Hamlet of Ratc/iffe, in the County of Middlesex, and the Pari lb of Botherhithe, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read th-. First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Air. Moore; and all the Members who servefor the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk; and all ti e Gentlemen of the Long R >Le: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Kinotfon

l!'r0« H ill bor, JiC.

R foived, That an humble AdcFds be presented to his Majesty, Ti.at he will be grac:oully plealed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House; Copies of all Treaties now subsisttng between his Majesty and the

S’ate of Alders.

o

Ordeud, I hat the said Address be presented to his Majesty by 1licit Members of this H mle as are of his Ma-

Mr. Crotvle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effi filial, several Aifls of Parliament, relating to the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for the better paving, repair-

ing, prelervtng, and cleaning, the Streets, Squares, jAty’s ini honourable Privy Council. Lanes, and Alleys, in the' laid Town, and preventing Obstructions therein; and for preserving the Lamps which shall or may be let up in the Fid Town, for enlightening the Streets thereof, and !e- uring the Property of such L’tnps to the Owners: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rfoived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Treaties

with

Algiers.

I.fHs foce;.-, &c.

The Lord Dozune presented to the House. according to Order, a Bill for enlightening the Streets and Lanes, and regulating the Pavements, in the Town of Leeds, in the County of Yak: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Monmouth Mr. Bathurst of Monmouth re; orterl fr >m 'he Commit-rtoads. tec, to whom the Bill f Tienaii inland widen no t he lew ral

* O C5

Ronds leading to, through, and from, the Town of Men-mouth, was re-committed. That the C immittee had made One other Amendment to the Bill; which they had directedhim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards ch livvred the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bein-grofled.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

rectifying and supplying f-veral Defects and Omissions in certain common Recoveries suffered by Edward Spe/man Ekju:rc, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Morton, Mr. Fczakerlev, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Cholmonde/ey, Mr. I Vi I-hi Just, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cole broke. Sir Francis Poole, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hay, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gray, L mi Dnpplin, Mr. Charlton, Mr Gore,

Ordered, That all have Voices, whocome to the Committee, to uhom the Perition ot che several and respective Meichanfs, whole Namesarethercuntofubhaibed, on behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the Ktfedls and Jewels on board the Pri; te Frederick Pacquet Boat, taken by Algerine Corners, and carried into Algiers, is referred.

Loft of the rince Frenenck. Facquct.

The Order of the Day, fir resuming the adjourned Cprrrrrthea Debate upon the Question proposed upon Wednesday lall, £ltCtlon* That it appears to tins House, That Thomas Lewis> in giving Evidence, at the Bar of this House, on ihe Matter of the Complaint, male upon Ihurfday the 2;d Day ot January last, against Nathanael Morgan, has prevaricated. being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refo've it (elf into aCommitt e of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways and Means.

o.nmon Kuoveries red aptlman.

Ordered \That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 8° die Februarii \

Anno 2S0 Georgii II'" Regis, 1755. Prayers.

SI R John Cuft reported from the Committee, to whom

the

Committee

of

Privileges.

the Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road leading from the North End of Brown's Lane, on Mr. Powney, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Thornhagh, Great Stoughton Common, in the Parish of Great Stough-

Vo l.27. P p

Brown’s

Lane,

&c.

Road.

Ramsgate

Harbour.

Knighton

Inclosure.

Radnor

County

Writ.

8° Februa

\ n * r*

J / oo*

'ion, in the County of Huntingdon, through the Town of v Kimbolton, in the said County, and through the several Handles of Kimbolton, Dilbrook, Dean, , AA;r-

grave, Stanwirk, and Chefjion cum in the Coun-

ties of Huntingdon, Bedford, and Northampton, to Ferrers, and through the Hariflies of Higham Ferrers, Rushden, and Irchester, in the said County of Northampton, to the Way Post in {reliefer Field, near to the South End of Wellingborough Bridge, in the said County of

amptou;and the Road leading from the common Pound (landing on a Place called the Butts, in the Parish of Kimbolton aforesaid, through the Parishes of Kimbolton and Tilbrook aforesaid, and Great Catworth, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the Way Post in Great Catworth near Brington Bridge, in the said County of;

was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, inat the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Merchants, Owners and Mailers of Ships, of and belonging to the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting the Petition of several Merchants, Owners, Masters of Ships, and Pilots, presented to the House upon the 15th Day of January last, against the Scheme for contracting the Harbour of Ramsgate; and alleging, that these Petitioners are fully satisfied of the Truth of the Suggestions contained in the said Petition: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter of the said Petition into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition offc-veral Merchants, Owners and Matters of Ships, and Pilots, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, and a Cow Pasture, in Knighton, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr , Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyfler, Lord Frederick

Cavendish, Mr. More, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Loivndes, Sir "John C.'.fl, 1 ord George Cavendish, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Brti-denell, Mr. Torke, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Colonel

Holmes, Mr. Rigby, Lord CaryMr. Keck, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Amyand, Sir Charles Mordav.nl, Mr. Webb, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. S/oper, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Griffin, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fanfhaw, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Shelley, Colonel Stanwix, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Henley, Mr. Wynne, Lord Barnard, Mr. Mr. Sir

Henry E jkine, and all the Members who lerve for the

Counties of Leicester, Warwick, Northampton, and ford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do ittue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to lerve in thispresent Parliament for the County of Radnor, in the room of Howar/h

Knight, deceased; iS

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

V Sir Charles Me,daunt, ’f Mr.

rt. *. r .1 vt S Sir Francis Drake,

Tellers for the Nocst(Mr RUt.

So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Yea;,

\ 48.

Ordered, That the Induction given to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon Tttefday the till Day of January last, for hearing, upon Wednesday next, the Matter of the Petition of John Dodd Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, be discharged.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition, upon IVediiefday the 5th Day of March next.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner Baronet, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to eftubiilh the Y'otcs of several other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And they having proposed to establish the Vote of Charles Dent, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify, as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 4os. per Annum-, in Support of which Objection, they had produced Evidence, in order to prove that the Estate for which the said Charles Dent claimed to vote, was charged with the Payment of several such Sums of Money as reduced the Value of the said Estate to less than 40 per Annum;

The Counsel for the Lid Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, examined a Witness, in order to prove that One of the Sums of Money, so alleged to be charged upon the said Estate, had been paid to the Person int i tied thereto.

And the said Counsel having called another Witness, in order to prove the Payment of several other of the said Sums of Money to the several Persons respectively intitled thereto:

And the said Witness having offered to produce a Paper, purporting to be a Receipt from Anne Dent for the Sum of Money to which (he was intitled, and which was alleged to have been charged upon the said Estate;

The Counsel on the other Side objected to the said Paper's being admitted to be read, as Evidence of Payment of the said Money:

And the Counsel for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, having been heard in Answer to that Objection,

And the Counsel on the other Side having replied to that Answer;

The said Witness was again called in, and examined in relation to the Acknowledgement which, he laid, the said Anne Dent had made to him, that the said Paper was signed by her \ and that she had been paid the said Money.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Counsel for the Lord ITeuman and Sir^v7;w Dashwood Baronet, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders of the County of Oxford, infilling on their Objection;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Paper be admitted to be read as Evidence of the Payment of the said Money;

The House divided.

The V eas nent forth.

Tellers

Reading

Election,

Oxford

County

Election.

28 Geo. II-

8* — 10° Februarii.

HI-

| 49-

}3S-

, f Colonel ConixJciy,

Tellers for the Yeas, |

_T f Sir fi.o?er Newdi?atey Tellers for the iNoes.J Mf>

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And the Counsel on both Sides were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Refutation. Then the said Paper was produced, and read.

And the same Witness was examined, and produced F.vidence, in relation to the Payment of Two other of the said Sums of Money, charged upon the said Estate, to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, and in relation to the Times of the Payment of the said Sums respectively.

And another Witness was examined, in order to prove the Payment of the remaining Sum, alleged to have been charged upon the said Estate, to the Person entitled to the said Sum, and in relation to the Time when it was paid. Then the Counsel for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in order to establish the Vote of one other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualily.

They also examined i'everal Witnesses, in order to establish the Votes of lovcral other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward , and whom the , Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Seller’!,

4c.

Wat.

Lunes, io°;

Anno 28" Georgii IId! Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Otto Eve aid Seller and Albert Maklftede.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-ioweth; viz.

Pr. t. L. 7. After * ," leave out " and:"

L. 9. After " Bremen," insert " and John rad Heinzelman, Son of John George Heinzclman, by

" Regina Sabina his Wife, born in the City of " in Germany

L. 22. Leave out " and, " and, after "

" Jlede f insert " and John Conrad

L- 36. Leave out " and, " and, after " MahlJlede," insert " and John Conrad Heinzelman

Pr. 2. L. 26. Leave out " and, " and, after " MahlJlede," insert " and John Conrad

L. 36. l eave out " and, " and, after " AiahlJlede," insert " and John Conrad Heinzelman

In the Title of the Bill, leave out "'and," and, after " A Jahl/lede,"insert " ami Heinzelman."

The laid Amendments being (everally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Kdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships.

Norton Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to ly Dtv.ntry Qrcjef> a ^ill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Norton by Dav entry, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the tiiit time. Vol. 27.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from over Skipton Bridge, through to BaUerJly,

adjoining to Elm ton Moor, in the Way to and

through Ainderby, Quernhow, and Nojlerfeld, by IP ell Flashes Gate, to Masham, in the County of York; and likewise for removing the Toll-house and Turnpike Gates at Busby Stobb, in the said County, to some other convenient Place in the Road leading from to

the City of Durham; was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Proveje, Colonel Comvay, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. -vide, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bedford, Lord George SaekAir. Yonge, Mr. Cope,

Mr. Hunt, Mr. Cocks, Sir Charles Air. Penton,

Air. Bathurst, Mr. Popham, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Vernon, Sir John Cust, Mr Mortice, ColonelBcjcatven, Mr.

Lyti el!on-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Fork, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, fVef more-laud, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Bridge, and to a

Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and also for widening the said Roads; and also for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge, next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge, next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks; and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of the Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to and through Ship-pon, in the said County of Berks, to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Drake, Mr. Core, Mr. Ward, Colonel GrijJn, Colonel Mr.

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lyjier, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Affleck, Sir Cordel Mr. Ois-

Jlow, Mr. Chester, Lord George Saekville, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Morten, Mr. Philipps, Air.

Wilkinson, Mr. Gray, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Foley, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Air. Pye, Lord

Barrington, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Sloper, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Lord Harley,

Mr. Cope, General Onslow, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Popham, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr. Vernon, Air.

Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Nugent, Mr. More, Mr. Curzon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Morrice presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Borough of otherwise -

ston, and Parish of St. Mary Magdalen, in the County of Cornwall: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, walte Grounds, and common-able Lands, in the Parish of Kenilworth, in the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Thomas Devifs, who is Impropriator of the great

Ty thes

Thirsk

to

Madta in Road.

Henley

Bridge,

&c.

Roads.

Launceston Work house, &c.

Kenilworth

inclosure.

148 10° — II0

Tythes arising out of Part of the said Lands, and also a Proprieior of Three Acres thereof, Martha

Da it/on, Dorcas Turton Widows, John Stanton, Thomas

Shepheard, Richard Harley, Thomas Lee, Ralph Somerville, and John IVilJon, who together are possessed of about Twenty seven Acres; and that the whole Lands intended to be inclosed are about Eleven hundred Acres; and that all the Parties interested therein had been apprized of the Contents of the Bill, and laid they would notoppoi’e the fame, except MaryEdzvarJs Widow, and Thomas Webb, who are possesstd of about Twelve Actes thereof, and who could not be found; and that no Person had appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,; which they had (drafted him to report to the lloui'e; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Y\ here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Cocking Sir Conyers D'Arcy presented to tire House, according End, to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, ‘'cc‘ the Road from Cocking End, near in the

03 ‘ West Riding of the County of , through

to Black Lane End, in the Coun'y Palatine of:

And the same was received; and read the Full time.

Revived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ready’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Name. enable Alexander Ready Esquire, and his Issue by Sophia his W ife (late Sop to take and ule the Surname of Colston, pursuant to the Will of Edward Colston Esquire, deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were borne by the said Edzcard Colston, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Charllon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Horsham, Sir Lionel Pilkingtou presented to the House, according

Road. to Order, a Bill for widening and repairing the Road leading from Hotjkam, in the County of through

Co pel, Dorking, Micklekam, and Leather head, to the Watch House in Ebbifaam, in the County of Surrey, and from Cape I to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Churchover Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to

Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and indwfing the common Fields, common Pallures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Churchcver, in the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

O O 7

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supjly. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

*5

Februarii. 1755-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the v/’ ole 1 louse, to consider further of the Supply gtanted to his Majesty.

And then the House'adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Mart is, 11° die Februarii;

Anno 2S0 Georgii IldI Regis, 1755. Prayers.

r\RDERED, That Sir William Owen, Mr. Barlow* Mr. Colleton, Lord Malpas, Mr. Prcbyn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the River or Brook called Sankey Brook, and the Three several Branches thereof from the River Alerftey, below Sankey Bridges, up to Brcadman s Stone Bridge, cm the South Branch, to Gerrard's Bridge, on the middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge, on the North. Branch thereof, all in the Counts' Palatine of Lane eft cr\ and also for adjutling the Measure of Coal to be brought down the said River, and fold within the Town oiLiverpool, in the said County; is committed.

Mr. Bold reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Land Owners and Proprietors of Coal Mines upon the upper Parts of the Three several Branches of the River or Brook called Sankey Brock, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the ClerkYfable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Taylor and Mr. Henry Kerry said, That there are several Coal Works contiguous to the said Three Branches of the said Brook; and that the said Three Branches arc capable of being made navigable more than Soo Yards above the Bridges upon the said Rivers, without Injury to the Proprietors of the adjacent Lands.

Ordered, That it be an Instructmn to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the River or Biook called Sankey Brock, and the Three several Branches thereof from the River Alerfy, bekw Sankey Bridges, up to Broadmati's Stone Bridge, on the South Branch, to Ger-rard9s Bridge, on the middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge, on the North Branch thereof, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also for adjutling the Mcaiure of Coal to be brought down the said River, and iold within the Town of Liverpool, in the said County; is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to impower the Undertakers of the said intended Navigation, it they think fit, to extend the fime above Broadmaris Stone Bridge, Gerard's Bridge, and Pvnny Bridge, respectively, not exceeding Light hundred Yards in Distance from each Bridge.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Rili do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst of Monmouth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Sir Conyers D'Arcv reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, principal Inhabitants, and Land Owners, of and contiguous to the Towns of Mane heft cr, Rochdale, Burnley, and Coin, in the County of Lanc>ftery Settle, JJb'ig, and

Richmond,

fankey Brook Navigation*

Ditto.

Monmouth

Roads.

Rochdale

&c.

Road*

28 Gi o. II. ii° Februarih 149

Richmond\ in the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed hun to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered ir in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follo'weth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

A! r. Alexander Fathered, being examined, laid, That the Road leading from Rochdale, through Burnley and Coin* to Long Prtjlou, and also the Road from Settle, through Horten Pavilh, in Ribblefda/e, to the Well End of Camm, are in a very ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, too narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Methods preferred by Law: That the necessary Materials he ve. y near the greatest Part of the said Roads; and that if the fair! Roads were effectually repaired, it wctiid be of general Utility to that Part of the Country.

Ordered, That Leive be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Hoads from Colne, in the County of Lancaster, to Long Prefioni in the County of York, and from Settle, in the said County of York± through Horton Parish, in Bibbhjdale, to the West End of Camm, in the County of York, io as to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lancaster to Richmond: And that Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Mr. Page, and Mr. Sainjbury, do prepare, an I'bring in, the lame

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster: And that Sir Conyers jyArcy, Mr. Sal.ijlrary, and Mr. Page, do prepare, and bring in, toe lame.

Betel ffe A Bill for eft iblishing and maintaining a Ferry across the River 7'hemes, between the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in iodnWe bounty of Miduljsx, and the Parish of Rot/ierhithe, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Kynaflm, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lvfler, Mr Gore, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Feilowes, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Colleion, Mr. Hay, Mr. Compton, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Del aval, Sir IhcmaS Clavering, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Sharpe, Lord Dupplim Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Earle, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hcndhige, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Amcor i s, Mr. Keck, Mr. Bond, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Fhornh igh, Mr. Hammond, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bnkford, Sir Edmund lfloa Mr. , Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Corue :vu//, Mr. Haves, Sir Cor del Firs brace, Mr.;

anil all the Members who ltrve for the Counties of Mid l/ejex, Sutr^y, Kent, Eft ex, Hertford, the Cinque Port., and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Frfervrtton A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Harrow of on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to 1 i0ule, and read; alleging, That the Act for the A.ncndm nt and Preservation of the Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom has been iound to be a great Dil’courage-ment to tiMbaadry: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Conftkration, and relieve the Petitioners in luck manner as the House thail think most props r.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Bo-roug’.i and Foreign of IVa I fa!I, in the County of Stafford, and of the Mci chants and principal D. alers and Manufacturers in the heavy Branch, an i other TudcTmen and In-hab.tants of and near the said Burougu and Foreign, was ado presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, ftnce the Commencement of the said Act, the Price of Lard Carriage to and Heir, the said lovvn of fail has grer.tly advanced; by reason whereof, the Prices of the le-V01. 27.

veral Commoditiesmanufadiired by the Petitioners, and of the Grain and other Necessaries (old in the Markets of the said Town are considerably raised; and that the chief Dependence of great Numbers of Families in and near the said Town is upon the heavy Branch of the Manufacture carried on by the Petitioners; and that great Part of the same is of that low Value, that the Advance on Carriage is very lenfibly felt, and mull, if not timely prevented, be very detrimental to the Trade of the said Town and Neighbourhood: And therefore praying the House to take the said Grievances of the Petitioners into Considerat ion, and relieve them by such Meansastothe House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Farmers and other Occupiers of Land within the several Parishes of Magna

otherwise Greenford Parva, Ealing, otherwise

Zealing, Norlhall, Pinnor, Ruijlip, , Hilling-

don, . Norwood, Heston, Cranford, He eft. Fox ford, Alton, and Harefteld, all within the County of on

behalf of themselves, and others, the Farmers of the County of Middlesex, was also presented to the House, and read; complaining of several Loiresand inconveni-encies, which the Petitioners allege they sustain by being obliged, in pursuance of the said Act, to draw their Carts with Three Horses only; and alleging, that, if the Petitioners Ihoulcl be put under any further Difficulties in the Means of conveying the Produce of their Lands to London, they and their Families; and many others depending on them, mud inevitably be ruined; and representing to1 the House the Impossibility of the Petitioners complying w'ith the Directions of the said Act, in the U e of broad Wheels, and the many Inconveniences arising thereupon; and taking Notice, that, by an Act, pasted in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty, for reducing the Number of Horses in Carts to Three, those used in Husbandry are particularly excepted; and that by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, made to regulate the Breadth of Wheels and Carriages, it is expressly pro-./ vided, that Carts used in Husbandry might travel with Streaks, or Tire, i>f any Breadth; and that by another Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for Untiring the Number of Horses in Carriages, those used in Husbandry are expressly excepted; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the same Regard and Encouragement will still be shewn to Agriculture, and the Improvement of Land, as having always been deemed some of the mostelTential Objects to the Well-being of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall leem meet.

And the said Petitions were flverally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservationi of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of th is Kingdom, and for the more elsedual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act, be read a Second time.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to Whom the Petition of "Thomas Hood, James and Leonard

Bowles, of London, Merchants, was referred, That the Commit1 ee had examined the Matter ol Fad contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Fable A YY here the same was read; and is as followeth;

By an Act of the 6th Year i f his present Maj. fly’s Reign,- for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, a Bounty of 20 s. per Ton Was granted, untii the 25th Day ot December 1740, to the Owners of all British Snips of 20S Tons and upwards, which should be fitted out in the Manner [ relcished by the said Act for the Whale Fishery in: the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Straits, or the adjacent Seas, and be licented to proceed upon such Fishery by any

Q q Three/

Preservarion

ot

Highways;

&c.

Whale

Fiihtry.

150 11° Fibtuarii. A 1755-

Three of the Cotttmiffidnert of thfcCuftotas, and be eta* ployed only in such Fishery, and should return to such Pott in this Kingdom, as the Matter and Mate shall, before the Sailing of such Ship* declare upon Oath they intend to return t That by Two Act s of Parliament, of the 13th and i id Years of his Majesty’s Reign, the said Act was continued to the 25th Day of December 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

That by the said Act, of the and Year of his Majesty’s Reign, a further Bounty of 20 per Ton was granted, daring the Continuance of the said former Bounty, and under the same Conditions and Regulations.

It appeared, that Licences were granted by the Commissioners of the Customs to Thomas , Matter of the Ship called the Elizabeth and Mary of London, John Giljfon, Matter of the S.iip called the Argus of,

and Jasper Hefenberg, Matter of the Ship called the Mary

of London, to proceed with the said Ships on the Whale

Fdhery, and to return to the Port of London; which Licences were produced to your Committee by Captain Brnvnell and Mr. Bailey (Officers in the Collector of the Customs Office outward); who likewise produced Certificates under the Hands of the Deputy Collector and Deputy Comptroller of the Customs; by which it appeared, that Security was given for the said Ships to proceed <n the said Voyages; and it likewise appeared by the Certificates of J. Scott and J. and also by

the Examination of the said Captain JBrevtnell (the proper Officer for surveying and muttering the said Ships), that all the Regulations and Conditions, prescribed by the said Act, had been complied with and performed; and that the said Ships cleared outwards from London in March and April last.

And it appeared by the Evidence of Thomas Moor Matter, and William Scott Boat Steerer, of the Elizabeth and Mary, and John Giffton Captain of t he Argus (who was within Sight of tint Elizabeth and Mary, when Ihe was loft), Irhat the said Ship failed from the 5th Day of

April last, on her Voyage to the Greenland Seas, with no other View but to sith for Whales, where they arrived: Some few Days before the Loss of the Ship, they were laying hooked to a Field of Ice, fithing, where they had taken One large Fish, and (truck Three more, finding the Ice come on violently by the Current, they sawed a Dock in the Field, to prclerve their Ship, and lay there tolerably well that Day; the next Day, being the 17 th of June last, the Ice came on with such Force, that a Point linking the Elizabeth and Mary in the Midship, funk her so suddenly, that the Crew had not time even to save either their Provisions or Clothes, but saved their Lives by getting upon the Ice, and were taken up by the Happy Nuptials of London, and the Resolution of:

That the Company used their utmost Efforts to save the Ship; but it was impossible; and that a new Dutch Ship was loft close to them at the same time, and the Argus a few Hours afterwards.

And it appeared by the Evidence of John Gelfion Captain, and Jacob Woolsbury Line Coiler, of the Argus, and

Francis Moor Matter of the Elizabeth and Mary (who was aboard the Argus, when Ihe was loft), that the Argus failed from Gravesend the 5th Day of April last, and proceeded to the Greenland Seas; and that Ihe was employed in no other Business but Whale Fishing:

That Ihe took a Whale on the 25th Day of May, and, on the 16th of June, was made salt to a Field of Ice, in order to fish, and taken One Fish that Day; soon after the Fish was got aboard, a large Piece of Ice let the Ship l'o hard down on the Larboard Side, that (he lay on the Careen Five Feet and a half: She continued thus a few Minutes, when the Ice went away, and Ihe right.*d; they then founded the Pump, and found (he had received no Damage: Fro in this time they lay well till the 18th (the Resolution of Newcastle lying then about Half a Cable’s Lengfh ahead of them), when the Point of the Field of Ice, to which the Resolution was fattened, broke, and ihe

drove upon the Argus, and greatly damaged her Rigging: This exposed her to the loose Ice, which soon after run into her Waist on the Larboard Side; the Water then came in with great Force; the Carpenter attempted to rig the Pump; but, before that could be done, he saw the Water up to the Cuntlings of the Calks, and, in a Few Minutes after, it came up to the main Hatchway; flie did not go down immediately, having no Ballast; they cut away the Matt, to keep her above Water, and saved what they could; but it was impossible to save the Ship.

And it appeared by the Evidence of Jasper berg Matter, Thomas Hodfhorn Mate, and Carpenter, of the Mary, and James Boddy Matter, and Thomas Harman Carpenter, of the Young Eagle (who were within Sight when the Mary was loft), That the* Mary failed from Gravesend on the 3d of April last, and was employed in no other Business but Whale Fishing: That Ihe arrived in the Greenland Seas, but met with no Success; (he got amongst the Ice on the 9th of , going Hill further Northward, to get into a proper Place for Fishing: On the 12th of May last, they met wiih hard Gales of Wind and Drifts of Snow, when a Piece of Ice, that they could not fee, (truck the Ship on the Larboard Bow, and made such a Hole in her Bottom, that, in Ten Minutes time, Ihe filled with Water, and overset so suddenly, that the Crew had lcarce time to get their Boats clear of the Ship, and lave their Lives: As they were getting into their B »ats, they saw the Young Eagle of London, which took them up in about Half an Hour: All possible Endeavours were used to lave the Ship, but to no Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wnoie House, to consider of the said Report.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Southam, in the County of Warwick, and also of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and principal Inhabitants, residing On or near the Road' leading from the said Town of Southam to Finford Bridge, in the said County of Warwick, was presented to the House, an 1 read; taking Notice of the Bill, depending in the House, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Crops of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough ot Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, in the same County, through Kidlington, to the Mile Way leading towards the

City of Oxford-, and to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Dunchurchto the Bottom of Meredin Hill, in

the County of Warwick, and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Meredin Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge in the said County, to allow, out of the Monies arising from the Tolls on the said Roads, an annual Sum towards repairing the first-mentioned Roads; and alleging, that a Clause in the said Bill, providing that no Gate or Turnpike shall be erected upon any Part of the said new intended Road leading from the Village of Long Itching ton, in the said County of Warwick, to the Cross of Hands, near Finford Bridge aforesaid, will, if patted into an Act, be greatly injurious to the said Road, by reason the greatest Part of the said new Road, intended to be repaired, leads, through large open Fields, whereby Travelleis may avoid the Payment of the Tolls: And therefore praying. That such Clause in the said Bill may be omitted; and that the foie Power of erecting Tall Gates or T urn pikes may be vetted in the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thf Consideration of the Committee, to w.iom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Bowes, Mr. , Mr.

Colonel

Banbury,

ire.

RoaJ«.

e

hudleigh

drulge,

Rc*L

Cngdoti

&p«>n Hull, toor, See,

a8 GEO.IL ti* Februdriu 51

Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. docks. Lord Carfsfort, Mr.

son Curzon, Mr. Chesttr, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Drake, Lord Gage, be added to the said Committee.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road frotii

Chudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of Hennock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of Brent, in the la.d County, was read a Second timei

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harris, Mr. Prowse, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gore, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Forrester, Sir Thoma Clavering, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Salu/lntry, Mr. Keck, Mr. Shdrpe, Sir Conyers cy, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hayes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ruwney, Mr. Sandy}, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Gy a ken, Mr. Stanwix, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lyjler, Mr.

labie, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Borrow, Mr. Eger ton. Sir Wm.

Beauchamp Prcbtor, Sir Charles Bier daunt, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Hay, Mr. II ebb, Mr Hunter, Colonel Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Bo-tie, Mr. Cooke, Sir John RuJ/iout, Mr. Finch, Mr. Lascelles. Mr. Cvlebrooke, Mr. Aderman Dickinjm Mr. Casey, Mr, AfflecMr. Mr. tun, Mr. traster, D< ft ,r Hay, Mr. Mr. Smith,

Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Meetly cot t, Mr. Mr. Am-

(oils, Mr. Northey, Mr. MolynMr. Walpole, Mr.

Prcbyn;and all the M. nibers who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Dorset t And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for explaining, amending, and making, more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Town of Kingston upon Hull and for the better paving, repairing, preserving, and oeanfing, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Alleys, in the said Town, and preventing Obstructions therein; and f r preserving the Lamps which shall or may be set up in the said Town, for enlightening the Streets thereof, and fecuiing the Property of loch Lamps to the Owners; was read a Second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Boone, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bowes,

Lord Hobart, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Colonel , Mr,

Prowse, Lord George Cavendish, Sir Charles Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Grey, Sir Edward Turner, Mr Colcbrooke, Sir Charles Kemys Sir Conyers

Mr. Lsfter, Sir Jacocb Downing, Lord Royston, Mr. hi Jon, Mr. Potur, M' Cocks, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Coventry, Colonel A’court, Lord Barrington, Nr Nicholas Bay ley. Lord Robert Sir Robert Burdett, Lord George Manners, Mr. Campbell, Coionel Cornwallis, Lord George Colonel

Holmes, I id Carpenter, Mr. Colonel George

Bofcawen, Mr. Hunter, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr Martin, Mr. Clayton, General Onslow, Sir Henry Erskine, Earl of Panmure, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Waletegrave, Mr. West, Colonel WhitmoreMr. Amy and, Mr.

wyttd, Earl of Upper Oflbry, Mr. Churchill, Marquis of Granby, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mi. Kynaston, Mr. william. Sir William Yonge, Mr. Scudamore, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir John Lord

nard. Mr Kent, Mr Hardiuge, Mr Mr. Charlton,

Lord Downe, Mr. Jetty its. Air. Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Wat Jon, Mr. Lane, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Lamb-ton, Mr. Hale, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Fellewes, Mr. -Jon, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Henry Pelham, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Grenville, Mr. Finch, Lord Sir William

Irby, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walpole, Sir

WarwickBampfylde, Mr. Anjo Lord Mr. Ord, Mr. EAgcumbe, Mr. Northey, Lord Cars fort. Colonel

Conway, and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West-

moreland, Lancaster, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five offhe Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vot.. 27,

A Bill for enlightening the Streets and Lanes, arid Leeds regulating the Paveme. ts, in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be commuted to Lord Downe,

Mr. Gere, Sir Conyerl D'Arcy, Mr. , Mr.

bury, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Beckford, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Caivert, Mr. Bond, Mr. Mr. Henley,

Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Havel, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Lyfier, Sir Wm.Beauchamp ProEior, Sir John Cufl, Mr. tarkif. Sip-Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Robin[on, Sir John Colonel

Haldane, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Mr. Sandy!;

Mr. Hay, Mr. Gybboh, Mr. Hardmge, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

LafceUes, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Boynton, Mr.

Symmonds, Mr. Alderman Betkfordi Mr. Lade, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Shelley, Mr, Onslow,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Amcotts; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland', , and

Lake after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending and widening the Road from the Toller lane.

West End of Toll.r Lane, near Bradford, through &c-

worth, in the County of f ork, to a Place called Bine Bell, 0

near Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Laws to Kighleyi and from a Place called Swine Lane End to the Town of Otley, in the said County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Downe,

Mr. Solicitor Qeneuil, Mr. Affleck, Sir Brands Poole, Mr.

B'icou, Mr. Harris, Mr. Honcyzvood, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Lee, Mr. Hay, Mr. Martin, Mr. Gibbon, Mr* Morton,

Mr Kinaflon, Mr. Howard, Mr. Sir Wm. Beau-

champ PrvEior, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Starkie, Sir John Turner, Mr Stephenfou, Sir John Guff,l ord Vemey, Mr.

Proivje, Mr. Willy, Mr. Core, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Robinson, Mi. LUd, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Coventty. Sir John Ruj.out, Mr. Colleton, Mr. tun, Mr. Coharooke, S.r Robert Mr. Crafter.

Lord Geage Bentinck, Mr. Dulffon, M' Delava/, Alp.

Hammond, Mr . Haruinge, Mr- Harvey, Sir Waller Blac-

kett, Mr. Nugent, \U.Powney, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Calvert, Coionel Haldane, Sir huger Newdigate, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Finch, Mr. Clmtus, Al.y Fuller,

Mr. Vernon-, and aliilie Members who serve for toe Counties ot York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, H ft -more/atid, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afters noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of thp Preservation

Reign of his present M jetty, intituled, An Act for the of Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Bill be committed tp a select Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itlcif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Dav being read, for hearing at the Berwick Bar of this House the Matter of the Petition of John Kleftian. Wilkes Esquire, compU.mng of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed-,

Ordered, That the Matter of tli< laid Petition oe heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the Twentieth Day of March next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions ftomplaiping ot an undue

Election

Oxford

County

&W&ien.

Preservation

of

Highways,

See.

Bartholo-

mew,

London; Watching and lighting.

152- 110 — 12* A. \ 7 55.

Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Count'd were called ini

And tH<; Counsel ter the Lord Porker and Sir Edward Turner Baronet, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to establish the V otes of several other Perl, -ns, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other

Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counsel for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner examined several other Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order toestablifii the Votes of several other Pe- ibns, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Couhfcl on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be aujourned tnl ThursdayMorning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° d Februarii; Anno 28* Georgii IIil Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Merchants, Ironmongers, and chief Manufacturers ot Steel, Iron, Brals, and other

M. tal, and diner the Inhabitants, of the Town ok I Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That since the Commencement of the Act, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this "Kingdom, the Price of Carriage of Goods has been greatly advanced; and if such Grievance be not speedily remedied, it will greatly impoverish the Petitioners and their 'Families, and be also detrimental to the Efcates in and near the said Place: And therefore praying the House to give the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises, as the Nature of the same requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alley.', Pa Cages, and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Barnard, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Page, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Sir Francis Dapwood, Mr. Mr.

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Caiey, Mr. Hard-

man, Mr. Gere, Mr. Crowle, Lord Malpas, Mr. Ky nation, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Gybuon, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Prcwfe, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Moore, Mr. Alderman Porter, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Alderman Mr. Alderman Richard Beikford, Mr. Cooke, Sir IVm, Beauchamp Problor, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Nor:key, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Olmius, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lafce/les, Mr. Col Mr. George -pend, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. FinMr. Ga/hry, Sir Robert Ladbrooke, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Mr.

H a if on, Sir John Citfl, Mr. Harris, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Rice, Mr. /tlexander, Mr. Kent, Sir Cor del Mr. IVebb,

Mr. Slaves, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Curzon, Sir Robert Burdett , and all the Members who serve for the City of London, a.id the Counties of Middlesex, EjJ'ex, and And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and others, concerned in the Whale Fishery, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

By an Act of the 6th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, after a Recital of the Provision made by Two former Acts, passed in the nth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, and the Fifth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, that the Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber, taken in the Greenland Seas, or Davis's Straits, and the adjaccvt Seas, in British Ships, and imported by Subjects,

should be free of Customs, on the Conditions therein mentioned; and after a Recital* tint the said Encouragements had been, by many Years Experience, f <und insufficient for the regaining of this beneficial Trade, which was then in gteat Danger of being utterly loft; and that large Quantities of Oil and Whale Fins were, at a great Expence, bought of Foreigners and annually imp rted into this Kingdom, it is enacted, That, on the Conditions in the said Act mentioned, the Commission_n> of the Customs in England or Scotland, respectively, Ih mid* on Demand, cause Payment to be made to the M. ft.r or Owners of every Ship employed in the said Fishery, according to the Directions of the said Act, or to Ins or their Assigns, by the Receiver General of the Customs f r that Part of Great Britain, from wienc.* the S ip departed, the Sum of 10s. per Ton, acc >rding to the Au-naeafurement of such Ship, duly certified, as in the said Act is directe I: and by an Act, made in t.ie 13th Year of his present Majesty, a further Bounty of Ten S filings per Ton was granted for all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery, during the then present War.

And by an Act* made in the Year of his present Majesty’s ileign, for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery, reciting, That the Enlargement of the said Fishery would be a grenr Advantage to the Trade and Navigation of this K ngd >m» the said Acts* made in the 5th, 6th and 13th, Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, were further continued untb the 25th Day of December 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and by the same Act, over and above the Allowance ot 2 a Ton, according to the Afimeasurement of the Snip, by the said last mentioned Act granted, an additional Bounty wa*> granted upon every Snip, payable in like manner as in the said Act is directed.

It appeared by several Accounts, delivered to your Committee from the several Co’mmi(lionets of the Cui-toms in England and Scotland, that, during the Three Years immediately preceding the last mentioned; B >U'ty, Two Ships only were annually employed m Miat Trade:

And that, in the last Year, Fifty-two Ships departed from England, and Fifteen from Scotland, upon this Fishery; and that this Increase has been gradual hue’s the granting of the last Bounty.

And, in order to prove the Quantity and Va'ue of the Fish caught by f he said Ships, Mr. James Manby wa > examined; who laid, That, according to the best Calculation he is able to make, Sixty-three of the said Ships caugnt, one with another, Three Whales each, amounting to 1 r* 9* which Whales, one with another, were wor.h £-300 each; the total Value whereof amounts to £.56,700.

And it appeared to your Committee, from the Accounts of the Bounty paid, that the Tonnage of t ae fad' Ships must have amounted to about 21,038 Ti ns, exclusive of Three Ships which were loft, and for vv f.ich no Bounty has yet been paid; and supposing the SI ftps, one with another, to be each of the Burthen of .300 1 ‘ons, the Number of Men, i-ecefiarily employed on board such Ships, must have been 2,814, and upwards; in which Number fewer Foreigner* are now employed, irf Proportion, than were heretofore; though it is ftiJl foojid nceel-fary to employ One-third Foreigners.

Win*

Fishery.

the different L'tenuis supplied for the Purpose of Fishing, which formerly were all purchased abroad, are now chiefly made at Birmingham or London; and that the Price of the Utensils and Stores necessary for the fitting out of a Ship of 300 Tons, amounts, exclusive of Victualling, Matting, and Pigging, to £. 1500; and that the Victualling of every such Ship would coll 400.

Arid, with regard to the Importation of foreign Whale Bone, and the Re-exportation thereof, it appeared toyouf Committee, from Accounts of Foreign Whale Fins imported for ten Years, from Cfiriftmas 1743. to 1753, inclusive, that the Quantity imported, in the first Five Years of that Period, amounted to 12,220 o

20 lb.; and in the lad Five Years, to 11,618 2

2 lb:; and that the Quantity exported, during the First Period, amounted to 140 Cwt. o qrs. 20 and, in the latter Period, to 166 Cut.2 qrs.26 lb. But your Committee

not having before them any Account of the W hale Fins imported in the last Year, in which the number of Ships employed in that Trade was by much the greatcll, are not able to state what further Impression was made Upon the Foreign Importation in that Year.

Your Committee having proceeded to inquire into the

*0$

Price of both foreign and British Whale Bone, have received Evidence from Mr. Bir, That, in the Year 173J, English Bone was fold for £. 600 a Ton; and that the Price of Dutch Bone now is from 350 to 360 per Ton, and the present Price of British from 250 to 320 That the Price of British Whale Oil was, about Two or Three Years ago, j£. 19 10 Ton and is nowrej duced to£. 13 10 s. per Ton.

And your Committee were also informed by Mr. -by. That, as the Law now stands, There is no Method to ascertain the Identity of the Whale Bone exported, but by the Oath of the Exporter; who, if he be dishonest, may export the Refuse of English Whale Bone, and obtain the Drawback as if upon the like Quantity of foreign Bone, of much greater Value.

And as to the Duty*upon foreign Whale Bone impor-ed, it appeared to your Committee, that, since the additional Subsidy, granted' in the Year 1748, the said Duty was computed to amount to £.97 2 Ton; which hath very lately been reduced 84 2 upon a Discovery of an Error in the Computation.

For the further Satisfaction of the House, your Committee have thought fit toannex the Accounts, presented to your Committee from the respective Commissionersot the Customs for England and ,to this Report.

28 Geo. II. 120 Februarii

It appeared likewise to the Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. Anthony Bacon and Mr. James Manly, that

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Ships that have failed from England, on the Whale Fishery, for Six Years before, and Six Years since, the Commencement of the A ft of the 22nd of his present Majesty, granting a Bounty of 405. per Ton to the Owners of Ships employed therein; together with the Bounties paid thereon; viz

In the Year

In the Y’ear

*9

Total

Total

Custom House, London, 20th January 1755.

Number of Ships. Bounties.

1743 1] £ s. d. 523 10 0

1744 5 - 2,297 17 11

1745 5 - 2.472 19 7

1746 5 Vat 30 s. per Ton. 2,472 19 7

1747 2 f 1,024 2 6

1743 2 y " ‘ 1,024 2 6

- 20 - - 9,815 11 3*

1749 2 . _ _ 1,365 10 0

1750 19 - 12,619 16 5

i 75» 24 - 15,228 17 9

1752 29 1 at 40 s. per Ton 19,288 14 10

*753 36 - 23,699 2 4

*75 4 52 3 of which were 32,716 2 O

) loft, and the Bounties are not yet paid.

- I 62 1 1104,918 4 I

N. B. This Account is for England only, exclusive of what have been lent out from Scotland, which docs not appear here, or what Bounties have been paid. U'm. JVocd Secretary,

Vot,. 27.

Rt

Whale

Fishery.

154

12® Februarii.

4- 1755-

Whale

lilhery.

An ACCOUNT of Foreign Whale Fins imported and exported, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon,

for Ten Years, ending at 1753.

Imported Duties. Exported Drawback*

Cwt. qrs. ib. £ s. d. Cwt. qrs. lb. £ S. d.

From Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1744 2,601 I 21 10,288 *3 6 3° 3 4 108 1 I 11

— — 1745 *>739 2 10 10,835 1 6 75 3 *5 263 — T

— — 1746 2,020 3 — 7>99* 1 4 u 2 *9 4X 5 3

— — 1747 2,087 — 9 10,132 *5 4 12 3 x3 56 19 3

— . — 174S 2.771 I 8 x3>454 *5 4 8 3 15 39 6 9

— — 1749 2,673 3 6 12,981 6 1 38 1 10 169 x4 1

— — 17S° *>557 3 21 12,418 x5 10 44 1 *5 196 10 1

— — *75! 2>4"53 2 18 11,912 10 5 18 3 22 83 x7 7

— — x752 2,102 3 19 10,209 x3 5 10 2 20 47 5 7

— — 1753 1,830 — 22 8,885 12 1 54 1 5 240 *7

Totals OO j 0-1 QO 2 22 109,111 4 10 306 3 l8 I.2J2 8 I

Custom House, London January 23, 1755.

John Oxenford, Assist. I. General.

n_* — ffr — ,1" ,_w^MMggaeagg3saa^BaMBMMaaag=aMa 3a^ga=ss3a=aga=g=an=«aeg=ae=s»

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Ships that have (ailed from that Part of Great Britain called ,on the

Whale Fishery; for Six Years before, and Six Years since, the Commencement of the Act, 22d of his present Majesty, granting a Bounty of Forty Shillings a Ton to the Owners of all Ships employed therein; together with the Bounties paid thereon.

YEARS. T' 1 c* a, 15 GO- 'S <u JD E z BOUNTY.

c Paid. 1 , Due and unpaid.

For Six Years before the Commencement of the Act, 22d of his present £ *- d. £ s‘

1 1 1 I 1 I 1 es a -

Fron the 29th September 1749, to the 29th September 1750 I 666 - -- m

From the 29th September 1750,10 the 29th September 1751 6 3,866 2 nj T-

From the 29th September 1751, to the 29th September 175 10 6,274 2 n| r - -

From the 2<,th September 1752 to the 2yth September 1753 H 8,589 5 — — -

From the 49th September 1753 to the 29th 1754 l5 662 8,699 5 —

46 20,057 *° 11 8,699 5 —

Custom House, Edinburgh, ti ft January, 1755.

Jof. Tudor,

Co. Cam

Dejhford.

put thereupon, were, with, several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Owners and Masters of Ships in the Lyddell*« Town of Tarmouth, in the County of , was pre-

fented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Ma- M*c chines, invented by Richard for the Removal of

Earth, Ballad, and Sand, from any Port, River, or Harbour, will be ofgreat Benefit to the Public, and tend to the Preservation of the Harbour of , and Navigation

of the River Tyne: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the said Richard Lyddell such Encouragement therein as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of

Richard

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfelfinto a Committeeof the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

woweriump- Mr. Levcfon Gower reported from the Committee, to Chapel, whom the Bill for erecting and building a new Chapel in the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made kvcral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally

28 Geo. II. 12°Februarii.

>55

I Richard Lyddell is referred: And that they do examine

the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Lord Barnard presented to the House, according *c. to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powersgranted

*ai<*' by an Act, passed in the Twenty* first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, A.n Act for repairing the high Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of j York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, and

from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Aukland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to

d/efs Bridge; and from thence by Gill other-

wile Coundon Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Bridge, in the said County of Durham, and for enlarging the foils granted by the said Act: And the same was received; and read the Kir ft time.

Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second time.

Darlington The Lord Barnard presented to the House, according , Road*, to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year or h:s p re fen" Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repffii ing the high Roads leading from Darlington, in the County o\ Durham, to West Aukland; and several other t'oads in the said County, therein mentioned; and for extending the Tolls to Carriages laden with Lime and Coal*: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bid be read a Second time.

Runlgate A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are I thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves. and others,

I the Trustees under the Act of Parliament, for enlarging

and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Works carried on, during the last Summer, in conllruCbng the said Harbour of Ramsgate, under the Direction of the said Trustees, will make the same a good and useful Harbour, according to the Intention of the said Act: And lub-mitting the Consideration of the Premises to the House. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Owners, and Mailers of Ships, and Pilots, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the tame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

wmtaMp. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s CiupcLCommand, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the Bill for erecting and building a new Chapel in the Town of fVt -hompton, in the County of Stafford, gives his Consent, as far as" his Majesty’s Interest is concerned. That the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Kenilworth An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the com-kclijfiue. mon Fields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of , in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and common-able Lands, in the Parish of Kenilworth, in the County of 1?' Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-_ °L count of all the public Debts at the Receipt of his Ma-u it e ts. je^y*s Exchequer, due or Handing out at Christmas last, with the annual Interest or other Charges paid for the lame.

Account Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-01 the count shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy,

I Debt, twm the 31st December 17 j5, to the 31st December, 1754,

I Vet. 27.

has arisen; distinguishing the same under the several Heads of Expence.

The House was moved. That a Chiufe in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the buying, felling, or offering to Sale, of any Game, might be read.

And the said Clause being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Clause: And that the Lord Strange and the Lord George S do prepare, and biingin, the fame.

Mr. John Pitt, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad :>e!s to his Majesty,

.Vi. Copy of a Letter from the Committee of the C any of Merchants trading to Africa, to the Com* n.iffi ners for Trade and Plantations, dated the 30th of May 1.753; inclosing Copies of Two Representations from the Merchants of Bristol and Liverpool trading to Africa, complaining of the Trade carried on by the Officers of the said Company for Negroes at theftveral Forts upon the Coast of Africa, and of other irregular Proceed-

ings of the said Officers; and also inclosing, Substance of the Instructions intended to be lent by the said Committee to the Governor of Cape Coast Castle, and other Officers upon the Coast.

2. Copies of several Affidavits, and other Papers, laid before the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, on the 2cih and 26th of June 1753, in Support of the Allegations of the Representations of the Merchants of Bristol and Liverpool trading to Africa, complaining of the Trade carried on by the Officers of the said Company for Negroes at the several Forts upon the Coast of Africa, and of other irregular Proceedings of the said Officers.

3. Extracts of the Journals of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, containing their Proceedings on the 6th, 20th, and 26th, of 1753, upon the Repre-fentation of the Merchants 01 Bristol and Liverpool trading to Africa, complaining of the Trade carried on by the Officers of the said Company for Negroes at the several Forts upon the Coast of Africa, and of other irregular Proceedings of the said Officers; as also the Resolutions of the said Commissioners thereupon.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Earl of Hillsborough reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, That Copies of the Treaties therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House tore-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses stated the 5th of April 1754, Old Lady-Day, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses stated the 10th of October 1754, Old Michelmas-day, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer on the jth Day of January 1755, of the Surplus of the Duty

on Coals, from 25th March 1719, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to laid Committee.

Ordered,

1

t

Game

Law*.

African

Company.

Anfvrer to Address for Papers.

Ways and Means.

Freservation

of

Ili-hu'.'vs,

&c.

Pptdiffe

Ferry

to

Hotheriiithe.

Insolvent

Debiori.

156 ia° — 130

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1755, of the Surplus of the Fund for Lottery 1714, after Satisfying and discharging ail Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th Day of Juiruury 1755, of the Surplus of the Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, after (atisfyingall Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1754, hath been dif-poled of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 15th Day of January 1755, and the Parts remaining uniatished, with the Overplus thereupon; be referred to the said Com mi tie.

Then the House rclblved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton nlfo acquainted the House, That he was di:ccded by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rfolved, That this Iloufe will, upon this Day Seven-night, refblvcitftlf into a Committee of the whole Iloufe, to cunfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

O

Jovis, 130 die;

Anno 28° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1755.

Prayers;

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read ;alleging, That the Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and T urn-pikje Heads of this Kingdom, and for the more dFectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, has been found impracticable in its Execution in tire said County, i’o faf as ;t enacts the Lie of broad Wheels; and that many great and unlurmountable Inconveniencies may arile to the said County, should the bill depending in the House, to amend and enforce the said Act, pats into a Law: And therefore praying, That the said County may be excepted cut of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Gofiry, Mr. James,

Lord Dozen:, Mr. Belcbier, Mr. Pin Mr. rcau, Mr. Bacon, Lord Barrington, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. George be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing and maintaining a Ferry across the between the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the County of -

/ex, and the Parish of Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, is committed.

A Bill for Relief of Insolvent Debtors was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Corne-waU, Lord Peri icy, Sir John Philipps, Sir John Glynne,

Mr. Kxuafton, Mr. Olmhts, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. LyJ'ter, Lord Cary sfort, Mr. Orel, Mr. More, Mr. Temp eft, Mr. tnends, Mr. Bond, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert

Febnlarii. vi. 1755.

Long, Mr. Sandxs, S;r Francis Da/hwood, Mr. Northey Mr. Bertie, Colonel Lee, Colonel Whit more, Mr. Martin, Mr, Core, Mr. Harris, Mr. Codolphin, Mr; Bodville, Sir Henry Monro, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Thorn-hc.gh. Lord Barrington, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Grenvilld, Mr. Keck, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Campbell\ Mr. Amy and, Mr. Chester, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Alderman Dir kin fun, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord George Bentinck, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Alderman Richard Beckford, Mr. Drake, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bailer, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Baron, General Onjlozv, Mr. Smith, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. West, Mr. Be/-chirr, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Scot, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Montagu, Mr; Alderman Flu dyer, Mr. Morrice; and #.11 the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoonat Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Ord reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing icveral open Fields and Pastures, or Commons, in the Township of Slin/Jbv, in the County of York, was committed, "That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout ;and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quetlior* severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bid.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted,

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followerh; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum ot Three thousand Three hundred Forty-one Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence Farthing, remaining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1754, be issued and applied towards making good the Suppi granted to his Majesty, in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the SumofSixteen thousand Four hundred Ninety-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and den Pence Half-

. o

penny, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Coals, since the 25th Day of March 1719, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Sessioiv of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Nineteen thousand Nine hundred Twen-ty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Twenty-eight thousand Two hundred and One Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery in the Year 1714, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

The

Slinpft?

Inclosure.

Wan

and Aica.'i*

I Su-'ton,

1 <Vc. Roads.

9r. Mtry Magriairn in Oxford t^clian^of Adrowfun.

Blewitt

Eilat.

Bristol

Wghtly

Wath.

Account ef Seamen

f relied.

African Comj any*

Oxford

County

Election*

i S G£ o. II. 130 — 140 Fckruarii.

The said Kesolutions, being levera'Iy read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hou/e.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Lam t Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey.through the Borough of Rebate, by

Sidle w Mills to Povey Craft, and from aforesaid,

through Cheani and over Bowel I HIP, to Ewell-, and also the Road irotn Tad worth, by the Mill, to the Bot-

tom of Pebble Hill, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Confirming and establishing an Agreement between the Principal of St. Mary Magdalen Hall, in the University of Oxford, and Ellis St. John Clerk, for exchanging the Advowson of the Church of South Moreton, in the County of Berks, for the alternate Presentation of the Church of Finchamfred, in the said County: To which the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying and supplying aMiftakeand Omission in a Settlement made of the Ellate of Mary Widow, on

the Marriage of Edmond Blewitt, her eldell Son, and for settling the said Estate on his I flue Male; and for raising Portions for his younger Brothers: To which the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this Hou/e.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and Tradesmen, of the City of Br, was presented to the House, and read: taking Notice of the Bill, depending in the House, for maintaining and well-governing a nightly Watch in the said City; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the Manner of appointing and governing the said Watch may be made more general and unconfined, and altered in such a Way, that the Inhabitants themselves, as hath ever been the Custom, may be permitted to depute and direift the Per/bns, who are, at their ExpenCe. to watch and guard their Properties; and alleging, that in the said Bill are other Clauses, which, should they pals into a Law, as they now Hand, will deprive the Petitioners of their uiual Privileges: And therefore pray ing, That they may have such Relief in the Pre-miles as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to tthom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen pressed, in the Year 1754, into his Majesty’s Service, with the Expence attending the fame.

Mr. Ellis, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Extract of a Letter from Captain Buckle, Commander of his Majesty’s Ship the Assistance, to Mr. Secretary of the Admiralty, dated in Road the

-19th of February 1752, lb tar as relates to his Negotiations with the Peopleof Annamaboe, in the Year 1752.

And the Title of the said Extra# was reaa.

Ordered, That the said Extra# do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Extr; # is preserved amongst the other Papers of this bession.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Count'd were called in.

Voi,. 27.

And the Counsel fir the Lord Parker and Sir Turner Baronet, having produced Evidence, in order to establish the Vote of one other Person, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Eduard Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to ciitqualify, as being a Copyhold 'Tenant of the Manor of PFooaJlock, within the said County.

They examined a V\ itness, in order to prove that, in the Year 1734, Persons polIeHed of customary Freeholds, orcustomary Holdings, within the Manor of -winston, in the County of Glamorgan, were admitted to vote in the Election of a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Glamorgan:

And the said Witness having produced several Copies of Court Rolls of the said Manor:

And being withdrawn;

One of the said Copies was read.

And the same Witness was furtherexamined, in relation to the Admission of Persons possessed of such customary Freeholds, or customary Holdings, to vote at Ele#ions for the said County; and also in relation to the Nature of the said Freeholds, or customary Holdings, and the Tenure by which the same are held in the said Manor.

And the said Counsel having referred to a Member of the House, to give the House an Account of what he knew concerning the Admission of customary Holders of Inheritance, in the County of Monmouth, to vote in Elections for the said County;

The said Member did, in his Place, inform the House of what he knew concerning that Matter; and also concerning the Admission of such customary Freeholders, or customary Holders, to vote at the said Election for the’ County of Glamorgan.

And the said Member having produced a Copy of the Surrender of One of the said customary Holdings of Inheritance in the County of M

The laid Copy was read.

Then the said Counsel examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to prove that the Persons possessed of customary Freeholds in the Counties of cej'ter, Wilts, and Hereford, are deemed to have a Right to vote, and have voted, in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said respective Counties.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion being made, and the Questionbeing put, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were again called in And the Counsel for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that the customary Tenants of the Manor of Woodstock, within the said County of Oxford, have been reputed to have a Right to vote, and have voted, in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said County.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 14° die Februarii \

Anno 28® Georgii II41 Regis, 1755. Prayers.

MR. Hunter reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rectifying and supplying several Defects and Omissions-in certain common Recoveries suffered by Edward Spelman

S s Elqjiire,

1

Corrtmoiv

Recovcriff suffered by Spelman.

Si. Miry MagitaUn in Oxford; Exchange t Ad vow ion.

Nmton by Daventry Jndolufe

Knighton

inclosure.

Southwark

Market.

I58 140 Febrnari' A. 1755

Esquire, was committee], That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between the principal of St. Mary Magdalen HA!, in the Univer* fity of Oxford^ and Ellis St. John Clerk, for exchanging the Advowson of the Church of South Moreton, in the County of Berks, for the alternate PrcTentation of the Church of Finchamjtead, in the said County, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Norton by Daventry, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cart-zvright, Mr. Lee, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Cmpton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Amcctts, Mr. Nor they. Sir John Cufl, Mr. Bagot, Lord North, Sir Robert Bur Jetty Mr. Vernon, Sir John Hinde Cottony Sir John Philipps, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Kecky Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Barrow, Mr: Lowndes, Mr. Forney, Sir Charles Kemjs Tynte, Captain Frankland, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Palmer, Mr. George Cooke, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Powney, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Gore, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bond, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Tovenshend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Butler, Mr. Calvert, Mr, Belchier, Mr. Aldzvcrth, Mr. Philipps, Colonel Lcfi lie, Mr. Colebrocke, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Crefivell, Mr. Grey, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Northampton, Oxford, Warwick, and Lei-cefttr: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Lord Ancram, Mr. Archer, Mr. Barber, Sir Nicholas Bailey, Mr Alderman Bethell, Mr. Janies Colebrocke, Mr. Cooke, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Craven, Sir High Dairy mple% Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Gal-way, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Grove, Lord Hillsborough, Sir William Irby, Sir Fibers Ladbrooke, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Harry Monroe, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Northev, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Wi/les, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Brand, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Stanhope \ be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to confirm and eflabhlh an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, and a Cow Pasture, in Knighton, in the County of Leicester, is committed.

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and alto the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviours in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, together wirh the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and i$as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

An Inspeximus of a Charter, 15 Char. 2. reciting a Charter of 4th of Edward the 6th, which grants to the Mnyurand Commonalty, Citizens of the City of London, and their Successors for ever, a Market or Market, and

all things thereunto appertaining, to be hnlden within the Borough and Town of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was read; and an Act of the 29th Year of the Reign of his laid late Mijeily King Charles the Second was ulfo read; which directs the said Market to be kept in the same Place where it had then antiently been, and was at the time of making the said Act, kept; and that it should not be kept in any other Place whatsoever.

And by an Account, laid before your Committee by Mr. Green, it appears that the Produce adding from’tJu* laid Market to the City of London, far Yen Years hit pall:, amounted, upon an Average, to /\ 145 4 s. $ d. per Annum.

To shew that the Market, in its prefer.t Situation, is inconvenient and dangerous to Passengers and Carriages, and is also a public Xuifmcc,

John Grand laid. That the Market is held in the hiofi Street in the Borough: That he has frequently met with Obstructions, in that Part of the Street, from Carts/ Drays, and other Carriages, which he attributed to the Market being kept there.

Piobert Potts said, That he has been frequently flopped in the said Market, occasional by Stalls and Carts (landing in the Street; and, in Summer time, when the Carts with Peas and Beans are placed across in the Street, they make such Stops that Carriages cannot get along; and that he thinks in general the Market is a Xuitance:

That persons coming from the Counties of Surrey, Suffix, and Kent, are obliged to pais through this Marker; and it is with Dimcuhy Carriages can go Two a-bread in iome Places; but, if the Market was removed, there would be a more cpen and tree Passage.

William Randell laid, That lie has drove the Peckham StageCoach for Seven Years; during which time, he went three times a Day in hummer, and twice a Day in Winter along the said Market, and has frequently been flopped there by Stalls, Pea Carts, and by Persons unloading Goods at their Doors: That, at present, the Passage in the Market is lo narrow, that it is difficult for Two Carriages to pals a-breast; but that, if it was removed, there would be Room for Three Carriages a-

w o

breast.

John Butcher said, He had been Camberwell Coach- man for 24 Years; and, during that time, has drove through the Laid Market on all the Days in the Week; and that Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, being the Market Days, are the word Days to paf$:

That Two Coaches can pass abreafl, but it is with Danger; but Two Carriages with Slug Wheels cannot: That the Witness has frequently thrown down Stalls wuh his Coach, and has also had his Coach thrown over; out on Sundays, when there are no Stalls or Carts, he never met with any Stoppage or Ohstruction there: And he added, that Green Carts in Summer being lade red to Rand in the Market are a great Nuisance,

Upon the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviours, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several others of the Inhabitants of the said Parish;

Mr. Samuel Day laid. That he has known the Market in the high Street in the Borough many Years: 1 halt there are now more Stalls in it than there used to be formerly.

Being asked, to what he attributed the frequent Stops of Carriages in the Market, the said, to the NairowmeR of London Bridge: That, from the Narrowness of the Bridge, frequent Stoppagesarife, and arc continued into the Market; and that if the Market Ihouui remain where it now does, and the Bridge was to be widened, there would not be a Twentieth Part- so many Stops as there would bo it the Bridge remains in its present Condition, though the Market should be removed; and that the Bridge is much more dangerous at pretent than the Market, and ought to be widened before the Market is removed, if both ;tie pro-poled to be done:

28 Geo. II. 14° Februam. . 159

Thar the widening the Bridge would prevent many Stops in the Market, as the Scops in the Market generally begin upon the Bridge:

That there is a Constable upon the Bridge, to keep the Passage clear, and whole Business likewiicic is to keep the Passage in the Market clear; hut he is not so often in the Borough as upon the Bridge.

That he thinks the greatest part of the Commerce, betwixt the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and the City of London, carried on through Toolcy Street.

Mr. Peter Co/ljon, who had lived in Gracechurch Street, near 50 Years, said, that the Narr- wnels of the Bridge, as well as the Market, are both Nu nances, and do frequentlyoccalionStopsof Carriages; but that the Bridge is a much more dangerous Passage than the Market, and the Country People are so afraid of passing over ir, that they would go two Miles about to avoid it:

That the widening the Bridge would be attended with a very great Expence, but not equal to the Benefits that would arile therefrom:

And that if the Bridge is proposed to be widened, and the Market to be removed, the Widening the Bridge ought to have the Preference.

Mr. James Collijon and Mr. Thomas Browne confirmed the aforegoing Evidence, with respecttotbelnconvenicncy and Dangers ct the present Passage over the Bridge, and the Necessity of making the Passage more commodious: And Mr. Collijon added, That there are a greater Number of Scops on the Bridge than in the Marker, which isoving, in some measure, to Persons loading and unloading Carrs at their Shop Doors; but that, if the Stalls in the Market were removed, there would be fewer Stops on the Bridge than at present, as many Stops on the Bridge are whokv owing to the Market.

Mr. — Shadwell laid, He has lived at the Corner of Thames Street, upwards of 50 Years, and has frequently fecn Slops upon the Bridge; That Two Thirds of the Carts which come into the City, come from the Wharfs at the other Side of the Water, and turn along Thames Street to the right or left Hand:

And from the befl: Observation lie has been able to make, more Carriages come from Toolcy Street and the WaterSide, than come out of the Country through the Market:

That the Parish of Saint Magnus have, for several Years pad, contracted annually with Persons to maintain their Poor; but, ot late, the Contractors have complained that they could not maintain them upon the 'Terms they had formerly done, upon Account of the many Casualties which happen upon the Bridge; and, for that Reafcn, the Parish have nude them a further Allowance of £.20 or /.joper Annum.

And being elked, if all the Poor’sRatesin the Cityhave not increased within these 14 Years, he laid he did not know but they might.

Mr Stephen Cooper said, he was born on the Bridge, and lived there till he was above 20 Years old, and since that time has lived in Gracechurch Street:

That he was once run over on the Bridge by a Chaise; but if the Bridge had been wider, and there had been a Foot Parii, he believes that Accident would not have happened to him.

That he has also been in great Danger of having his Chaise overturned in the Market, by the Stalls standing too far into the Street; and that it is very dangerous going through the Market any Day in a Carriage.

And, being asked the Question, he said, that he never heard of any Accident happening in the Market; but has heard of Accidents on the Bridge.

That he should be glad to have both the Market removed, and the Bridge made wider; but the widening the Bridge is of more Consequence than removing the Market/

Then to shew that, if the said Market was put under proper Regulations, there would be lulhcient Room for Carriages and Fallen go rs;

Vol. 27.

William Deaniaid, That he lives in the Market, and has seen certain Rules for the Regulation thereof; and he thinks, if those Rules were observed, there would be sufficient Room for Carriages to pals without Interruption.

Mr. William Miller, who has lived in the Borough 49 Years, said. That lie remembers to have seen Braflcs rixed in the Pavement of the Market, whereon the Feet of the Stalls used to (land, which were the Boundaries of the Market: but that now none of those Brahes remain, and great Encroachments are made upon the Streets.

And being asked, whether the removing the present Market would not be prejudicial to the Inhabitants and Land Owners there, he laid he believed it would, and likewise to the whole Farish, if it should be removed into any other Parish.

Mr. — Dean laid, That he has seen a Copy of Rules for the Government of the Market; and that, if they were observed, he does believe llifficient Room would be left for Carriages to pals:

That he has took a Leafeof a House in the Market, which he would not have done, had he known the Market was to have been removed; and that the Removal will be a Prejudice to the Land Owners there, as it will diminish their Rents: But, upon being asked the Question, he said, if it is only removed to another Part of the same Parish he cannot say whether it will be a Disadvantage to the Parish or not.

Mr. James Abbis said, That, in the Year 1752, a Report was made by the Jury of the Court Leet of the Borough to the Lord Mayor and Justices in their Quarter Sessions, in consequence of his LorcKhip’s Recommendation to the Jury, That they would give an Account of the Occasion of the Stops or Carriages which happened in the Borons;]; and that the Overseers and Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Saviours, about a Twelvemonth ago, applied, by Petition, to the Lord Mayor and Common Council, to have this Market put under proper Regular tions; but that he does not know that any Regulations have been nvide inconfequer.ee of either the Report from the said Jury, or the said Petition:

That he thinks, if some of the Inhabitants of the Borough were in veiled with Power to keep the Market within its due Bounds, great Part of the Nuisance now complained of would be removed, and a clear Passage would remain f r Two Carriages a-bread, besides a fate Passage for Foot People.

"That the removing the Market a great Distance from the Place where it is now held, would be a Prejudice to the Owners of Houses there; but if it IhonH be removed to a tmail Distance, instead of a Detiiment it would be a Benefit to the Pari Hi in general.

Edward Speed, Collector of the Rents of the Market, said. That the Stalls now (land on the same Places they have done, and are of the same Breadth, they have been for 40 \rears: That he never saw any Brafies for placing the Feet of the Stalls upon; but has heard there ufedtobe such things:

That the Stalls are placed Five or Six Feet from the Houses, and Three Feet from *he Kennel, but are not all of equal Breadth; the Butchers Stalls being broader than the others; but they are all the same Breadth they used formerly to be; and whenever new Stalls are nude, the Method is to take the Dimensions of the old ones.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Re-folurions.

Refohedf That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Rr.solved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners the Church wardens, Overseers, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of 5W>// Saviours, in the Borough of Southwark, have proved the Allegations of their Petition, so far as relates to the Dangerand Inconvenience of the narrow Passage over London Bridge.

Refohedf

Southwark.

Marker

4

Treaty

with

Algiers.

LauncpfttW

Workhouse,

l6o

140 Febru

H. 17

3 3'

Resolved, Tl ai if is the Opinion of this Committee, A Bill lor coriurmingifu! cfbiblilhingrtn Agreement for OfirrtW'y That the Home he moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to jnciofing Ofmtherley Moor or Common, in the County of Juck)Il,re-prevent the Holding of any Marker for tire future in the York, and for rendering the said Agreement more efi'ec-high Street otthe Borough of Southwark, in the County tual, for the Purposes thereby intended, was read a Second

of Surrey.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and inhabitants, of the Partlh of Sami Saviours, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market in the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Bills to prevent the holding of any Market for the future in the high Street of the Borough ot in the County of Surrey; and to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviours, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough; And that Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Mr. Alderman

Bethel!, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Robert Ladbrooke, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

The Earl of Hil/Jboronghpresented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Copies of the Treaties now fulfilling between his Majesty and the State of Algiers-, together with a List of the said Treaties.

And the said Lift was read; and is as followeth; viz. Copy of the Articles of Peace and Commerce between the late King Charles the Second and the Dcy of Algiers, (sc. 10th Day of April, O. S. 1682.

Copy of the Articles of Peace and Commerce between the late King James the Second and the Dey of Algiers, (Be. 5th April, O. S. 1686.

Peace confirmed, and additional Articles made, with the Government of Algiers, &c. 17th August, 1700.

Copy of the Articles of Peace and Commerce between her late Majesty Queen Anne and the Dey of Algiers, See. 28th October, O. S. 1703.

Copy of thp Articles of Peace and Commerce between his late Majesty and the Dey of See. 29th Oblo-

her 1716.

Copy of the additional Article to the antient Treaties subsisting between his Majesty and the Dey and Government of Algiers, &c. 3d June 4751.

Ordered, That the said Copies be referred to the Committee, to whom tire Petition of the several and reflective Merchants, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the Effects and Jewels on board the Prince Frederick Pacquet Boat, taken by AlgerineCruizers, and carried into Algiers,

is referred.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Borough of Qunhtve otherwise and Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Conrwall, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Motive, Mr Nugent, Mr. Grey, Mr. Salu/bury, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Lee, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Mere, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Harris, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Gray, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Kynajlm, Mr. Hay, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Ellis, Sir George Lee, Mr Elliot, Sir John Sir Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Lane, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lord

Verney, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Curzon, Captain Frankland, Mr. Gajkry, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerfel, and Dorset: And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

time.

ReJ'ohed, I lia' (lie Bill be committed to Lord Femft, Mr. R'dky, Sir Robert Hiidynrd, Mr. Culvert. S r John

Glynn, Mr. Hale, Mr. Fucker, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Townflnmd, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Har, Sir James Creed, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Datjion, Sir Francis Mr. 1-el-loaves, Mr. Kent, Mr. Hanbury, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Harbor, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kvnaflou, Mr. More, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lv/ier, Mr. Martin, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Marion, Sir Charles Mofy daunt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Page, Lord Mr.

wall, Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Keck, Mr. Mr. Elliot, Mr. Oh, this, Mr. Morrice, Colonel Mr.

Medlycott, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr.

ton, Mr. Bond, Mr. Affleck, Lord Barrington, Mr. Nu-

gent, Mr. Aid-worth, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Vyrter, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Gajhry , Captain Frankland, Mr.

Mr. B.ckforJ, Mr. A meats, Mr. A my and, Mr.

Mr. Gray, Mr. IValpolc, Mr. N art hey, Sir Meredith, Sir Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Sir

Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hayward-, and all the Member5 who lt.rve for the Counties of TDurham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmcrciand, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of tire Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber.

Aningrossed Bill for repairing, amending, and widening, the Road leading from the North End ol Brown's

O O

Lane, on Great Slough ton Common, in the Parish of Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through the Town of Kim bolt on, in the said County; and through the several Parishes of Kimbolton, Tiibrooke, Lower Dean, Shelton, Hargrave, Stamvick, and Ch elf ton cum Ca!decitf in the Counties of Huntingdon, Bedford, and Northampton, to H'gham Ferrers; and through the Parishes of Higkatn Ferrers, Rushden, and Irckcfter, in the said County of Northampton, to the Wav Post in Irchester Fieldy near to the South Knd of Wellingborough Fridge, in the said County of Northampton; and the Road leading from the common Pound (landing on a Place called the Bath, in the Parish of Kimbolton aforesaid, through tlr* Parishes of Ki-nbolton and Ftlbrook aforesaid* and Great Cat worth, in the said County of Huntingdon, to the Way Post ia Great Cat worth Field, near Bdn^ton Bridge, in t be laid County of Huntingdon; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act for repairing the Itoad from the North land ot Brown s Lane, in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Higham Ferrer*, to the Way Post near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and from the Pound in Kimbolton, to the Way Post in Great Catzvortk Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Sir John Cust do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed BUI for erecting and building a new Chapel in the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting and building a new Chapel in the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of Bristol, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants, Merchants, and Tradesmen of the City of Bristol, on behalf of themselves, and many other*; and also the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Assistants* and Commonalty

Brown's

Laae,

Ro-<L

Wolverhampton

ChaptL

Btiftol

Nighly

Wautw

28 (jEO. II*

140 — 15° Fe.

161

monalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurerswilhin the City of Bristol, under their common Seal; and also the Petition of the principal Merchants, Freeholders, free Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the City of whole Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred, That the Committee had heard Counselupon the said first-mentioned Petition, and had also heard Counsel in favourof the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Cc-mmittee had examined the Allegations of the Hi il and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they mad directed him to report to the H ule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee, to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Folio 3. Line 2. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Folio 3. Line 2. whereby it was proposed to fill the Blank there left in the Bill, with the Words, " Mayor and Justices of the said City, in their " General or Quarter Sftfions," being read a Second time:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellersfor the Y eas, j

lS3-

Tellersfor the N oes

7L

Thomas g

M r. Y

Air. Alderman Richard > Bedford: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of t':e Amendments, made by the Committee to thelaid Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting from Payment of the Rates fuc.i Inhabitants as shall cither watch themselves, or find Men to watch for them:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed iii the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Arftcndments, be

ing.offed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. ' Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

W*!* Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the 1'eport from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Ho’fames Manby, and Leonard Bowles, of London, Merchants, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 150 die Februarii;

Anno 28" Georgii IF* Regis, 1735.

Prayers

Id’s A EfUtcs. J\

lilhery.

Stemfield’s A B11. L for the Sale of several Estates of Robert Stanfield Esquire, in the County of York, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of to be settled to the like life?, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. West,'Colonel B of careen, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Gnfhry, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Harvey, Lord Digby, Vox.. 27.

Mr. Kent, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Mr

Mr. Monson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

hagh, Mr. Northey, Sir Conyers D' drey, Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Medlycolt, Lord Ditpplin, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Tad-

way, Sir Fnmcis Drake, Mr. Anson, Mr. Fane, Mr

roy Scudamore; and all the Members who letve for the

Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumber- '

land, Westmoreland , and Lane after: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Pr«f<rviitiaR the City of Hereford, on behalfof themselves, and the rest of of the Inhabitants of the said City, was p re fen ted to the House, and read; alleging, That the Act for the Amend- c’ ment and Preservation of the pubiic Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, so faras the same relates to the Use of broad \V heels, could not hitherto be putin Execution within the County of and that

ifthe Bill, now depending in the the House, to amend and enforce the Execution of the said Act, should pals into a Law, it mud be followed by many bad Consequences, which will fall very heavy on the Inhabitants of the said County in general, and greatly affect those of the said City in particular; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to relieve the Petitioners by such YYavs as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the Cocking Road from Cocking End, near Add in the West £nc*

Riding of the County of York, through to Black

Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Conyers D' Arcy 'Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Potter,

Lord Verney, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Serf ant.

Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Hale, Sir Beauchamp Proctor, Sir Nicholas Sir Armine

Wodehouse, Lon! Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Nugent, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Probyn,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Ca/ey, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Penton, Mr. Air. Cal-

vert, Lord Digby, Mr. Campbell, Lord George Mr. Hardman, iYlr. Medlycott, Mr. Wi Air. Fellowes.

Colonel Griffin-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot York, Durham, Northumberland, kk eft more-land, Cumberland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for widening and repairing the Road leading' Horlham from Horsham, in the County of through &c.

Dorking. Mickleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch House Road, in Ebbifham, in the County of Surrey, and from to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of -Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Keck, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Gafhry, Mr.

Hayward, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sa/u/bury, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Caley, Mr. Thorn hagh, "Mr. Sir Thomas

C/avering, Lord Strange, Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

deley, Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Lord George Cavendish,.

Mr. Amcotts, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Morton, Mr. OA mius; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, Kent, and for the Cinque Ports:

Andthcyare to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Road.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller, Mr. Peter Leigh, Mr. Al- B irford derman Dickinson, be added to the Committee, to whom ^inc the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Hand and Post at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, through several Parishes, to the Town of Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick-, and also the Road

T t from

Grimftous

Name.

Oxford

County

Election.

Whale

Fishery.

JBasingstoke,

kc.

Road.

162 156 — 17*

from ihc Crop Hands on Salford leading through several Pantiles to join the Turnpike Road from Burford to Gloucester, at a Place called the Hand and Post, in the

Parish of Dowdefiveil, in the County of Gloucester; is

committed.

Mr. Olmius reported frtom the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the honourable Harbotlle Grimston Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and uie the Surname and Arms of Luekyn, pursuant to the Wills of Sir

Luckyn Baronet, and Edward Luekyn Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di* rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and areas followeth; viz,.

Pr. 2. L. 2. Leave out from " Grimfon" to " and" in L. j.

L. 9. Leave out from " Luckyn " to " as," in

L 10.

L. 36 Leave out from " Luckyn " to the End

of L. 37.

Pr. 3. L. 9. Leave out " and the Arms of that Fa-

" mily :"

L. 33. Leave out " also bear, use, and give,

" the Arms of Luckyn and:"

L. 34. Leave out " and Arms," and leave out " and are."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County 0 [Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward burner Baronet, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to establish the Votes of several Other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side

had endeavoured to disquality.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day’ being read;

Resolved, That this House wili, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Hood, James Manby, and Leonard Bowles, of London, Merchants, was referred.

Colonel Griffin pr dented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from j Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, -

fborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of WinterJJow, in the county of : And the

lame was received.

Ordered, That Colonel Griffin have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

A nd he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Jl efolved, That cheBilibe read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Februarii. 1755-

Luna, 17* die Februarii l

Anno.28* Georgii IIJ1 Regis, 17^5.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the undcf-written Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 2 2d Year of hispresent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich-, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition presented to the House upon nesday last, in the Name of the Trustees for building the la'd Harbour; and alleging, that the Contraction of the said Harbour will defeat the General Utility thereof: And then fore praying such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of 1c* veral Merchants, Owners and Masters of Ships, and Pi* lots, whole Names are thereunto l'ublcribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House,

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from Bridge, within the Borough of in the County of Worcester, through the Lanes called Hampton Lane and Hide Lane, to a Place called Low Hill on Hartlebury Common; and the Road between the said Hampton Lane and Hartlebury Common, leading over Mustard Green to a Place called the Spout, in the Parish of Hag ley; and a so the Road or Lane called leading out of

Hampton Laneaforesaid into the Turnpike Road between Ombersley and the Mitre Oak; and also the Lanes called Frog Lane and Back Bridge Lane, within the said Bo-, rough; was committed. That the Committee had cxa-. mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found t he same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the Housea and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled. 4

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rectifying and supplying several Defects and Omissions in certain common Recoveries suffered by Edward SpeU man Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Orby Hunter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pastures, or Commons, in the Township of Slingsby, in the County of Yorkwas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pastures, or Commons, in the Township of in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Ord do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Lord Carysford, Mr. Mr. Ser-

gant, Mr. Richard Vernon, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Rigby, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Obrien, Lord Strange, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the City of Litchfield, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Ramsgate

Harbour;

i)roitwich

Roads.

Common Recoveries funVrrd by Spclmaij.

Slingsby

Inc.uiure.

Colefliill

through

Litchfieli

Roj4.

28 Geo. II. 17° — 18" Februarii. i6j

\rtule Ordered ', That the Order of the Day, for the House '.Fijliciy. to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of t^e whole House,

I to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom

I the Petition of "Thomas , James and Leonard

/ Bowles, of London, Merchants, was referred, be now I read.

> 11 And the said Order being read accordingly;

K i The House refol ved itl'elf into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed , him to report, when the House will plealc to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve irself into a Committee of the whole House, j to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

I1 be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it Hood on the 31 1754, bere-

ferred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

| Mr. Speaker fefuu.ed the Chair.

J Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was dire died by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve irlelf into a Committee of the whole House,

! to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

| Jelly.

Crimflnn’* An >ngrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the honourable lia Esquire, and the Heirs of his iiody, to take and u(e the Surname and Arms of Lutkyn, pursuant to the Wills of Sir Harbottle Baronet, and Edward Luc kin Esquire, ctccealed, was read tire Third time.

The Amendment following was pioposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

To leave out the Words " and Arms."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pais

Ordered, That Mr. Olmius do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Wbrtfon’j The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for filiate*, felling Part of the entailed Estate of Sir Henry Ibbetfn Baronet, and veiling other Part thereof in him in Fee-simple; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, together with some other Lands whereof he is seised in Fee, in lieu of the Lands so to be sold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House*

Mou 27.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Theother Order of the Day being read, for the House to Erefervstioti resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend An Act, made in the 26th Year of the "*’ Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, anti to enforce the Execution of the said Act;

Resolved., That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itl'elf into si Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill:

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock:

Mdrtis, 18° die Februarit j

Anno 28* Georgii II" Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Christ* exchanging of Lands between the Mayor and Common- Hospiul alty and Citizens of the City of LondonGovernors of E s* Christ's Hospital, and John Leman Esquire: To which the 1

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ibbetfon’s for felling Part of the entailed Estate of Sir Henry Estates.

Jon, Baronet, and veiling other Part thereof in him in Fee-simple; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, together with some other Lands, whereof he is seised in Fee, in lieu of the Lands so to be sold t and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Dcrw/f prefen ted to the House, according to LceA*

Order, a Bill for the amending, widening, and repairing, to , t

the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Ottley, in the same Riding, fcoads. and from thence, through Skipton, in the same Riding, to Coin, in the County of Lancaster; and from thence, through Burnley and Blackburn, to Bur [cough Bridge in Walton, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton aforesaid, through Gisburn and Clilberoe, to , in

the County of Lancaster; and from SkiptoH aforesaid to Carperby, in the North Riding of the County of York:

And the same was received; and read the First tirne.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tim*

The Lord Royston preftnted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and render more effectual aii Road Act, passed in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the rowers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament j One for repairing the Road from Stump trofs to Newmarket and the Town of Cambridge j another for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge i and the Thifd for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts j and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts j and for repairing other ruinous Parts of the Highways adjacent to the Read from Foulmire to Cambridge: And the same was received j an4 read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for rectifying and supplying a Mistake and Omission m a

Settlement made of the Estate of Mary Biezatt Wicow,

on

164 iS* FebruariL; t 1755.

on the Marriage of Edmond Eleiviit her eldest Son; and for settling the said liftate on his Issue Male; and for raising Portions for his younger Brothers; was read the First time,:

Refched, That the Bill be read a Second time.

St. Mary An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mv'tolm for confirtning and establishtngan Agreement between the E*d>an°e of ^n^clPa^ Mary Ma , in the University of

Advuwion. Oxford, and Ellis' St. Joint Clerk, for exchanging the Advowson of the Church of in the County of Berks, for the alternate Presentation of the Church of Finchamfield, in the said County, was read a Second

time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Potvney, Mr. Whittington, Mr. 7 hornhagh, Mr. Mr. Exits,

Mr. P.roivje, Mr. Popham, Mr. A Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Grove, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Air. Hay, Mr. Godolphin, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Foley, Mr. Olmius, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Colonel

Whitmore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Air. Affleck, Air.

Lewis, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Hunter, Sir Francis Poole,

Air. Egerlon, Sir Thomas Sir John Cujl, Mr.

Caley, Sir Charles Mor dauntMr. More, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Chester, Mr. Barrow, Sir Cordel Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Fe/lowei, Mr. Barry, Mr. Drake, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Warwick

Bampfylde, Mr. Whichcct, Mr. Hanger, Sir Lionel

rngton, Mr. Crajler; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, Bucks, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Coleftill The Lord Carysfcrt reported from the Committee, to through whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Road* an(^ °^ier Inhabitants of the City of Litchfield, whose Names are thereunto fubteribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Alatter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame,'as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Aftforrcpairing the Roads leading from Canal's Gate to the City of Litchfield, and from the said City to Stone, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Poll Road towards fler; and also from the Town of Burton upon to

the said City of Litchfield, and from thence to Wood End and Ogley Hay; and also from the said City of Litchfield to High Bridges, in the County of and the County of said City of Litchfield-, and also an Act, passed in the 17th Year of his laid Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from in

the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester; and for amending other Roads therein mentioned; were read.

Mr. Anthony Jack-fin, Mr. John and Afr.

Thomas Reynolds, severally say, that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Tolls increased.

Mr. Michael Mayo laid. That there was owing last Year, upon the Credit of the said Acts, upwards of£. 800 and that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired unless the Term granted by the said Acts be enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, made in the ad and 17th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stonefixnthe County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester; and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the 'Perm and Powers in the said several Acts;

and that the Lord Carysfort , Mr. Lev:fen , Mr.

Henry Vernon, Mr Anjou, and Mr. Bar hoi, der prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Order, A Bill to explain and amend a Clauic in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the lle'gn ot t^ueen intituled, An Act for the better Pre’.creation of the Game, in relation to the buying, felling, or ( tiering to Sale, any Game: And the same was received; and read the Fiilt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Air. Ellis, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Account of the Number of Seamen profit'd, in the Year 1754, and of the Expence attending the lame.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the 1 louie.

The laid Account is prelcrved auiongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmeis, and of other Per-so.-.s, Breeders and Feeders of Sheep, in the County of Lincoln, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic r Where the same was read.

Ordered, That futh a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shalll be iutticient lor the Use of the Members of the House.

The laid Repoit is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called the Smithy, in the Township of to the Town of

Rochdale-, and from the said Place called the

Smithy, by a Place called Beffesof the Barn, to the Town

of Bury; and from the said Place called of the

Barn to Radcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:And the same was received; and read the Fiilt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Air. Barrow presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields within the Manor and Parish of Handing, in the County of Gloucester :And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Air. Bclchierpresented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to,

and from Ewell to Kiugftonupon Thames, and Thames

Ditton, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and difcljarging the Debt of the Navy.

The

Game

Lu.Vb.

-Account of 6,-ainea Polled.

Monopolizin' Sherp and Lamlw.

Man chester* See.

lwGJut.

Haw ling Indolurc.

Epsom,

Sec.

Hoads.

Supply*

While

FifUery.

t

5

I Leicester ! Election.

1

Ox'ord

County j Election.

F.-

Toller Lane, j:» kc. Road.

Radnor

jCounty

Writ*

a8 Geo. II. 18 — 190 165

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon t he Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Hood, James Manly, and Leonard Bowles, of London, Merchants, was referred, the llefolu-tions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Three Ships, mentioned in the Petition, were properly fitted out for a Voyage to the Seas,

and there unavoidably loll.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury be impowered to direct, if they think fit, the Payment of the Bounty which the Petitioners would have been entitled to, in case the said Ships had performed their Voyages, and all Matters required by the Acts of Parliament had been performed.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for Hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition ot several Freemen of the Borough of , in behalt of them-

selves, and all other the Electors for the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 10th Day of April next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner Baronet, examined several Witnessls, and produced Evidence, in order to establish the Votes of several other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Ed~

1ward Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side

had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 190 Februarii;

Anno 28° Georgii IP" Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Thomas Iiezvard, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Robin ton, Mr. Morton, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr. Harvey, Mr. George Co/ebrooke, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road from the West End of Toller near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of -cafer, and from a Place called the Two Laws to and from a Place called Swine Lane End to the Town of Ottley, in the said County of York, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the

Vol. 27,

Electing ofa Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Radnor, in the room of Sir Humphry HowarthKnight, deceased.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, of the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing thd high Roads in the County of Edinburgh to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Bridge to the

Town of Queen’s Ferry, in the Cou n I y of Linlithgow; and for making the said Act more effectual: And the same was received; anti read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Churchover, in the County of was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, commonPadures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Church-over, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Richard Crow'eEiquire, which was presented to the House upon Thursday the 16th Day of January lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Maiedy, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent that the House may do therein as they final 1 think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Cv.stand Mr. Charlton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging of Lands between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of Christ's Hospital, and John Leman Esquire, was read

the Fird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to avoid and prevent Inconveniencies, Damages, and Mifi-chiefs, occasioned by the Multiplicity of uieless and unnecessary Dogs: And that Mr. and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for

establishing,

maintaining,

and

well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of tol, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for limiting the Number of Watchmen, and for incapacitating them from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament:

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^'r Philipps, 7

I ellers for the Xeas^ Mr A[derman Bedford :$ 55'

Tellers for the Noes, j ^Jr* ] 185.

I Mr. Uhmus. j 3

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of Bristol.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

U u A Med

Edinburgh Roads.

ChurchovC#

Inclosure.

Cro\vlt*s

Exchange of Lands with the Crown.

Christ'i

Hospital

Exchange

with

Leman.

Useless

and

unnecessary

Dogs.

Bristol

Nightly

Watch.

1755

166

I p° — 20°

Chfcrov Two Petu& Scots.

Monmouth

Roads.

Soulfby’s

Name.

Rritifll

Herring

Fishery.

Preftrvation

of

Highway?,

&c.

Whale

hHiery.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth of a Peny Sterling, ori every Pint of Ale and Beer that Hull be vended or ibid within the City of Glasgove, and for extending the same over the

Villages of Gcrbcl/sand Port and Privileges

thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from, the Town of Mon-mouthy without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable ChrifopherSotdjby Esquire, now called

pher Re:J, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Reed, without any Amendment.

And then the Mdlengers withdrew.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery, which was presented to the House upon Thwfdaythe 16th Day of "January laid, and then ordered to Jie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be leferred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this ! louse will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Owners, Proprietors, Farmers, Tenants, and Occupiers of Land, in the County of waspresented to the House, and read; complaining of fe-Verai Lours and Inconveniencies, which the Petitioners allege they lull;.in upon Account of the Act, passed in the ;tnh Yci.rof b's present Majesty, for the Amendment and Preservation cf tee Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; and a'leging, that the Hi!:, n >w depending in the House, for amending the imd Act, and cnt.acing the Execution there A,w.ii be farther greatly detrimental to the Petitioners, in case the same should pals into a Law: And therefore praying such Redrcls in the Premises as to the House llull teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and others, concerned in the Whale Fishery, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Cluir.

Mr. Hardinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardingereported f:om the Committee, That they

had come toleveral Resolutions; which they had dire clod him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Housew ill, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Wars and Means for raising the Supply granted to FIis Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

.a:* - — ..... — ~----- j-----

Jovis, 20° dieFcbt'udirii Anno 28° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1755. Prayers.

SIR Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Har borough, in the County of Leieejlsr, through the Town of Luttei worth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fcvu'al Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: V. here tire Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and (except One of them, which was daft greed to) were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was ta’.Ld in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, punuar.t to their Order,

An Account ol all the public Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out at the 5th of nuary 17:5. being OldCkd/tracs Day, with the annual

Interest, or other C. ur, paid for the lame.

And then lie wit! m.w.

And the Tale of tl.c laid Account wv read.

The laid Account is as followeth;

W.irt

and Meani,

Murk*

Hh,rl> w'gPj

c\:.

Road.

Account of Public Ecta.

i^-

28 Geo. II. 20

To the honourable the Knights, Citi2ens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

t67

An ACCOUNT of all the public Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty s Exchequer, Handing out at the 5th ary 1755’ being OldChrijlmas Day, with the annual Jnlerelt, or other Charges, paid for the same.

Exchequer.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and unfuhicribed to the South Sea Company - Ditto for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contributed - -

Ditto for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths -

Duties on Salt further continued, Amo 1745 -

Exchequer Bills made out for Interest of old Bills -

Note, The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, being annual Grants, are not chanted in this Account, nor the 1,000,coo charged

on the Deductions of 6d. per £. on Pensions.

Eojl India Company.

By Two A'fts of Parliament, 9° Willi. 3/// Regis, and Two other Acfts 6° cA 9® Ann* Regina, at /. 3 £ per Cent, per Annum -

Annuities at /. 3 per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines, Spirits, and strong Waters -

Bank of England.

On their original Fund at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, from the 1 ft August 1743 For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 30 Ge Regis -Purchased of the South Sea Company -

Exchequer Bills charged on the Duty on Sweets, Anno 1737 Annuities at £.3 £ per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Duties on Coals, UV. since Lady-day 1719 -.-

Ditto - - at/. 3$ per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Surplus of the

Funds ftr Lottery 1714-Ditto - - at ^.3 j per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1746, charged on Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, since Lady-day 1746 -

Ditto - - at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Sinking Fund by the Act 25° Georgii zdi Regis -

Ditto - - at /. 3 f per Cent, per Annum, charged on the said Fund by the said Act ——

Memorandum: The Subfcrfbers of /.100 to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 9 a Ticket, which amounted to £.22,500, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to /. 20,938; and the Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of i8r. a Ticket, which amounted to/. 45,000, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to/.41,353. for.; which Annuities are an Increase of the national Debt; but cannot be added thereto, as no Money was advanced for the fame

South Sea Company.

On their capital Stock and An- I

‘ , T)fat*/. 4 per 3,662,784 8 6£ (

Annuities at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund ——

Principal Debt. Annual Interest, or other Charges, paid for the Tame.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

1,836,275 17 1 of *36,453 8

108,100 7.567

88,255 *4 10J 10,665 12 —

365,500 12,792 10 —

2,200

3,200,000 113,285 14 4

1,000,000 30,401 15 8

3,200,000 IC0,000 — —

500,000 17,500

4>oooo, oooo — — 1 -4-1 >898 3 si

38,087 6 9 1,142 12 4;

1,750,000 — - — 61,250

1,250,000 4375°

986,800 34,538

9>I37>82! 5 278,585 2 9

7.7 01,323 16 4 629,430 6 9

25>025>3°9

2,1 co,000

13 "1

62,291 10 —

908,766 12 S\ 64,181 5 —

72,289,673 14 11112,654,499 17 6i

N. R. The Accounts of the Exchequer continuing to be made up to the old Quarter Days, is the Reason that this Account is made up to the 5th of January 1755, Day, and not

to Christmas last, as directed by the Order of this honourable House.

Exchequer, the 20th Day of February, 1755. Vol. 27.

Robert Jennings*

OrdoreJ

168 ao° Pelruarii A. 1755.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, for Houses and Lands near his Majesty’s Palace at Wind-to be perused by the Members of the Iloule. for, and for other Consideration to be paid for the same:

And the same was received; and read the First: time.

Leeds A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, lit- habitants of the Town of Lancaster, was presented to the

’ House, and read; taking Notice, That sundry Bills are

Read. depending in the House, for Turnpike Roads from the

Town of Ottley, through llkley, A elding ham, Skipton, and Giftmrn, in the West Riding of the County of York, to C/it/ieroe and Prefion, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and likewise from Leeds, through Ottley, in the said West Riding, to Bur [cough Bridge in Wallen le Dale, in the said County Palatine; and alleging, that, if the Petitioners should be obliged to pay any Tolls on crofting the new-intended Turnpike Roads, it will be greatly detrimental to the Petitioners, and the Trade of the said Town of Lent after, by enhancing the Price of the Carriage of Goods from thence to Burnley and Halifax, in the said Riding: And therefore praying, That a laving Clause or Clauses may be interted in the said Bills, to exempt the Petitioners from paying any Tolls, and to prevent any Bye Gate, or other Gates, being fixed at the Entrance into the Hoad from Clitheroe to Preston, at or near Hod-der Bridge* or at the Entrance into the other Road from Leeds to Burscough Bridge, at Padiam, leading to Burnlev, or tiil the Hoad from Burnley to Halifax parts with the new-intended Hoad from Rochdale to Burnley aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Hiding of the County of York, to Ottley, in the same Riding, and from thence, through Skipton, in the same Riding, to ColnCy in the County of Lancaster, and from thence, through Burnley and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge in Walton, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton aforesaid, through Gijlmrn and Clitheroe, to Preston, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton aforesaid to Car per by, in the North Riding of the County of York; be read a Second time.

Basingstoke, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Raff fmgstoke, through Worth, Overton, Whitchurch, HurJ-oa ‘ born Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of WinterJlow, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel GV//’-fin, Mr. Haves, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Calvert, Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Colonel

Haldane, Mr. £///j, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Finch, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Kynqfton, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. jl/tfc-kenzie, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Cope) Mr. 0Indus, Mr. Hay, Lord Strange, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Thomas Townshend junior, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Co/-leton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Duckett, Mr. Richards, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Cybbons, Sir 7o//;z Barrington, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Harris, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Rankes, Sir Joi/i Mr.

Pelham, Mr. CWr, Mr. Nor they; and all the Members who terve for the Counties of Southampton, Dor jet, Sur-r^y, Berks, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Knclidale, Sir Conyers D’ Any presented to the House, according &c. to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road Road. from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

t'rowfc’s Sir Gift presented to the House, according to Exchange Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Reversion of Lawk of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Crowflr Fork, in Trust for Richard Crtwle Esquire, in Exchange

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing and maintaining a Ferry aero's the River Thames, between the Hamlet of Ratc/iffe, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Rot her hit he, in the County of Surrey, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bein-grofiech

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Hclford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Montagu House in Trustees, and their Heirs, freed and discharged from all the Estates, Ufics, and Agreements, to which atpresent it (lands limited and appointed, upon Trust to convey the same to the Trustees of the British Musaeum, for a general Repository, and upon such other Trusts as therein are mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hardinge, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and others, concerned in the Wale Fishery, was referred, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenry-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery, which was to be in Farce unto the 25th of December 1757, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, be further continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bounty of Forty Shillings per Ton on all Ships employed in the Whale Fishery, according to the Directions of the Acts relating thereto, and which is payable by the Receivers General of the Customs in England and Scotland, respectively, be paid by the said Receivers out of any Monies remaining in their Hands.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for thefurlherEncouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery, and for continuing suchLaws as are therein mentioned, relating thereto; and for the Naturalization of such foreign Protestants as shall serve, for the Time therein mentioned, on board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said Fishery; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions; and to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Hardinge and Mr. Oswald do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The

Rntcliffe

Ferry

to

Rotherlikhe*

Britirti

Mufcom*

Whale

Fishery.

Ditto*

2 8 Geo. II. 2 o® — 21

African The Housewas moved, That the Petition of the Com-Comoanv. nrittee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa (which was presented to the House upon Wednesday the 15th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table), might be again read.

And the same being rea 1 accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the several Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the African Trade, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conf.der of the said Petition, and of the said several Papers.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, reemtion an(] Manufacturers of Wool, in the Borough of Sudbury, Highways, in the County of Norfolk, vi^ presented to the House, and

I . ike. read; alleging, That the Bill, depending in the House, for amending an Act, made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Iteign, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of tbisKingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said A6r, will prove very prejudicial to the Petitioners:

1: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into

I Consideration, and give the Petitioners such Relief therein

' as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Haflcmerc Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee of Election. Privileges and Elections, That tlief do not proceed upon any Petitions, now before them, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, after the Matter of the Petition of James Oglethorpe Esquire, Lieutenant General in his Majesty’s Forces, complaining of an undueEledion and Return R)r the Borough of in the County of Sur-

rey, is heard.

The House was moved, That a Clause in an Act, made Burnable jn (]ie Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, in-uScodwd* An Act for taking away and abolishing the here-

tablejurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making S.ttisfadlion to the Proprietors thereof; and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making moreeftedlual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom by the king’s Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers, or Agents in the Law in Scotland, to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete; relating to the Offices of Sheriff Depute and Stewart Depute; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Act: as enacts, That, after the End of Seven Years, from and after the 25th of March 1748, the Offices of Sheriff Depute and Stewart Depute shall be granted and held ad Vilam aut Culpam;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

I Tellers for the Yeas, f } l8*‘

,r , cXT f Mr. Charles Towtifltend, 7 o

Tellers for the Noes ,{U,_ Gili, crlE,iol j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Mr. Attorney General do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 27.

Veneris, 210 d February 1 Anno 48® Georgii IP' Regis, 1735.

Prayers.

O I R Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, accorded ing to Order, a Bill to prevent the Holding of any Market for the future in the high Street of the Borough of Southwark, in the Couniy of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for erectinga Judicature to determine Differences touching Houses burntand demolished by the late dreadful Fire in Southwark, might be rea l.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

Aningrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veiling Montagu House in Trustees, and their Heirs, treed and dii'chargedfrom all the Estates, Uses, and Agreements, to which at present i. Hands limited and appointed, upon Trust to convey the same to the Trustees of the British Musaeum, for a general Repository, and upon such other Trusts as therein are mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Cross oj Hand, near Fin ford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford; and from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, in the same County, through Kidlington, to the Mi'e Way leading towards the Cits and to

enable the T; 1.(lees for putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliaments for repairing the Roads from Dunchunh to the Bottom of Mereden Hill, in the County of Warwick; and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Mereden Hill aforesaid to Stone Bridge, in the said Com (Yi to allow, out of the Monies arising trom the Tolls cn the said Roads, an annual Sum towards repairing the first-mentioned Roads; v as committed; and to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants the lown of Southam, in the County of Warwick; and also of the Gentlemen, Fanners, and principal Inhabitant, rdiding on or near the Roads leading from the said Townoi Southam to Fin-ford Bridge, in the said County of Warwick-, was referred, That tin Committee had confiJered the said Poi-tion, and ha-' exa uied the Allegations of the Rdi, and Luna 1 hr same to be true; and that th Committee had gone th ough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him 10 report to the House; and he read thcR.port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where die Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, witlife-veral Amendments to One of them, agreed to by toe House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Conyers D' Arcy presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for widening and repairing the Roads from Colne, in the County of to Long Preston,

in the County of York, and from Settle, in the said County of York, through Horton Parish in Ribblesdale, to the West End of Camm, in the County of York, so as to join the Turnpike Road leading from to Richmond:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a becond time.

Mr. Salufoury reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the River or Brook called Sankey Brook, and the Three several Branches thereof from

X x the

Sor: h-nrk ftiarkc;

BritKh

Museum.

Banbury,

&c

Road.

Colne

*c.

Roads.

Sankey

Brook

Navigation.

170

a i* Februarii.

A.

*755-

the River MerJey, below Sankey Bridges, up to Broadman's

Stone Bridge on the South Branch, to GerrareT s Bridge on

the middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge on the North Branch thereof, all in the County Palatine of caster-, and also for adjusting the Measure of Coal to be brought down the said River, and fold within the Town of Liverpool, in the said County; was commited. That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read tire Report in his Place; and after^ wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qud'tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for talcing away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdidl ions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaiflion to the Proprietors thereof;and for restoringluchjuriftft&ions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Partofihe united Kingdom by the King’s Courts and Judge, there; and for obliging all Persons aftmgas Procurators, Writers, or Agents in the Law, in Scotland, to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete; as enads, That, after the End of Seven Years, from and after the 25th of Marc h 174S, the Offices of Sheriff Depute and Stewart Depute shall be granted and held ad Fit am aut Culpam: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Revived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Prcit

H;

Nnnburn-

holme

inclosure.

Sir Jo/tn Rijhoutreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Failures, or Commons, in the Township of

Nunbumholme, in the County of was committed;

and to whom the Petition of the reverend Edmund ferih of Ajkham, in the County of the City of York, Clerk, anti William Johnson of Nunburn in the County of

York, Yeoman; was referred, That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel, and had also heard Counsel, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of" the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madcfeveralAmcndments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are in or Members

about the Town, do attend the Service of the House or(lefed ... , V, toattmJ.

upon n ednefdav Morning next.

D:I

Duchess

of

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Heiferd and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Copyhold Messuage or Tenement, in the County of Middlesex, with the Appurtenances, deviled by the Noithumlw-

Will of Mary late Duchess of Northumberland, in Trustees, to enable them to tell and convey the same to the Lady Jane Coke, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses appointed by the said Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Richard Morgan Esquire, with Anne Hail his’ now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To

Dili

Si:

Morgan's

Divorce.

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

O

.Account Bounty mi Irish Linens.

The House being informed, That Mr. Parjcns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Bounties on and Li-

nens exported, paid in England out of Inch Part of the Old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, from 5th January 1754, to the jth January 1 755 j together with the Quantities for which the same were paid, pursuant to an Act of the 20th, and an Act of the 22d, of his present Majesty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preservd among!! the other Papers of this Session.

An ingroued Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veltinga Copyhold Messuage, or Tenement, in the County of Middlesex, with the Appurtenances, deviled by the Will of Mary late Duchess of Northumberland, in Trustees, to enable them to sell and convey the same to the Lady Jane Coke, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses appointed by the said Will; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Duchess of

Northumberland’s

Estate.

Supply.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve »tself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVeancfJay Morn-: ing next, relbJve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Harris of Afiburton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Chudleigh B ridge,\n the Parish of Hennock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Afiburton, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had. gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dirededhim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed. That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill here-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Chuilleioh

Bridge

&c.

Road.

Herrrab/e The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Preservation

jijriMic'tiufts according to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* of

w SwoJane. R;irJ iament, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of

' the

Highways#

&c.

28 Geo. II. 210 — 22 171

the lleigu of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads o{ this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act;

Ordered, That the l'everal Petitions, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Subject-matter of the said Bill, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Prelcrtatum A Petition of the Gentlemen, Occupiers of Land, of Landholders, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, in the Highways, anfj jower Parts of Surrey and SuJJ'ex: And also,

A Petition of the Landholders, Farmers, Manufactu-lU)‘ rers, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Traders, of the County of Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, Inhabitants of the said County: And also,

Ditto. Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Traders, of the County of Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others. Inhabitants of the said County: And also, Ditto. Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Traders, of the County of Hertford, whole Names are thereunto tubferibed, on behalf of themselves, and others, Inhabitants of the said County: And also, Ditto. A Petition of the Farmers, Tenants, Occupiers of ( Land, in the Parish of Mary St. John -

; ney, St. D iuft an's Stepney, and several other Parishes, in

the County of Afida/efex, on behalf of themselves, and others, the Farmers, Tenants, and Occupiers of Land, in the said County: And also.

Ditto, A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Traders, of the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf'of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the said Borough;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of l'everal Inconveniencies which the Petitioners have laboured under since the Commencement of the said Act; and alleging, that the Petitioners will be subjected to dill further Difficulties and Hard Chips, should the said Bill pafsinto a Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Pre-3 miles in to Considerai ion, and to grant the Petitioners

i; such Relief in toe 1 x 'miles, as to the House shall

seem meet.

And the Lid Petitions were severally ordered to be re-

ferred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill i« committed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee, j' Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made Ionic Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-! ComJlttte tions be adjourned.

I Pnulfgti. ^nd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 27.

Sabbati, 22° die Februarii;

Anno 28° Georgii IP Regis, 175$.

Prayers.

MR. Reynolds presented to the House, according to M:rfk

Order, a Bill for the mcloling, divid ng, and ex- Injure,’ changing, the common Fields, common Meadows, aid other Grounds, in the Townships of Marfk and within the Manor of Alarjk in Cl, in the N >rth

Riding of the County of York, and for providing a certain Recompence to the Vicar of Mar/k, in iieu of his Tymes, and the greatest Part of his Glebe: And the same was received; and read the Firit time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrnfied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act P'brtWs for felling Part of the entailed Estate of Sir Henry -son Baronet, and veiling other Part thereof in him in Fee-simple, and for laying out the Money ariltng by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled, together with some other Lands whereof he is seized in Fee, in lieu of the Lands so to be sold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Mr. Monson, Lord Dovcne, Mr. Egerton, Colonel

Holmes, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Wat son. Lord Bateman, Mr. Bond, Mr. Mitchell, Colonel Whitmore,

Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Lyster, Colonel Lee, Mr. Hayes, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Sahisbury, Mr. Campbell, Lord Barrington, Mr.

Medlycot, Mr. Sandys, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Slo-per. Sir John Cust, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Charles Mordaunt Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Hammond, Mr. , Mr. Richards, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Mr.

Tozvnjhend, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Henry Sir John

Wvmte, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Alderman Fludyer, Air.

Proiifc, Mr. Smith, Colonel A'c Sir Willoughby Act on, Sir Conyers D'Arcy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland,

Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

An logrolled Bill from the Lords, intit ded, An Act M.-r?in’s for dissolving the Marriage of Richard Morgan q iire, Divorce, with Anne Hall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bowin’, for rectifying and supplyinga Mistake and Omiflnin in a £‘'ate. Settlement made of the Estate of Mary Bleivitt W idow, on the Marriage of Edmond Blewitt tier eldell Son; and for settling the said Estate on his IlIiieMale; and for raising Portions for his younger Brothers; was read a Second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Comewall,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, General Lord

Downe, Mr. S/oper, Mr. j Fellowes, Sir John Mor daunt,

Mr. Coventry, Colonel Griffin, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Bathurst, Sir John Wynne, Mr. West, Mr. Hay, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Amcotts, Bond, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lee; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, Oxford, Hereford, and the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. '

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the Appleby Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Sir ttect‘on-

Ramsden Baronet, and Fletcher Norton Klquire, ami also the Matter of the Petition of several Burgesses of the Borough

Oxford County E legion.

172

22" — 24" Februarii.

A. 1755-

rough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Month, theaad Day of March next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return, for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Furrier Baronet, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to establish the Votes of several other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

Then the Counsel for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, proposed to produce Evidence, in order to

disqualify several of the Persons, who voted for the Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood Baronet.

And having Rated the Number of Persons objected to, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James

wood, and the general Nature of the Objections to the Votes of the said Persons;

The said Counsel examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence in order to disqualify Five of the said Persons; Four as not having been for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Poflfeflion of the Freeholds for which they claimed to vote, and the other as not having a Freehold in the said County, of the Value of 40/. per Annum.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Four other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, as being Leaseholders.

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir wood, as not havinga Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40i. per Annum, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax.

And they having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to disqualify one other Person who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, as not having any

Freehold at all in the said County.

T e Counsel on the other Side objected to the producing of such Evidence; the said Lord and Sir Ed-

ward Turner having, in the Lift by them delivered pursuant to the Order of the House, of Wednesday the 20th Day of November last, objected to the said Person, that he had not a Freehold of the Value of 40 per Annum.

And the Counsel for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, having been heard in Answer to the said Objection, made by the Counsel on the other Side against producing such Evidence;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the Journal of the House, of the ad Day of March 1735, in relation to the Refblution of the House in the same of the Election for the County of York, for admitting the Counsel for the Petitioners to give Evidence as to a Person’s having no Freehold at all, to whom the Petitioners had objected, in their Lift of Objections, that such Person had not a Freehold of the Value of 40 j. per Annum, was read.

And Part of a printed Lift of the Persons who voted for Sir MilesStapylton Baronet, at the said Election for the County of York, and whose Votes were objected to by the said Petitioners, was also read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner be admitted to give Evidence as to a Person’s having no Freehold at all, to whom the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner objected, in their Lift of Objections, that such Person had not a Freehold of 40 s. per j

The House divided. ’

The Yeas went forth.

r v. , \ Mr- Grenville, lellers for the 1 eas, j Mr 0r<;.

Tellers for the Noes \ Sir

lettersroi ttlC iN C ’ \ Mr. Kyna/lun.

3

44-

36-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Counsel w'ereagain called in: and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, produced Evidence, and examined a Witness, in order to prove that the said Person had no Freehold at all in the said County; and that the Freehold for which he claimed to vote, was not of the Value of 40 s. per Annum.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Six other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood-, Two as not being in Possession of the Freeholds for which they claimed to vote; One as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40r. per Annum, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax; One as not being assessed to the Land Tax; and the other Two as not having Freeholds in the said County of the Value of 40 j . per A

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Cross of Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from the Guide Post in the Village of AdJerbury, in the same County, through Kidlington, to the Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford; and to enable the Trustees lor putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Dunchureh to the Bottom of Mereden Hill, in the County of Warwick, and for repuwing the Road from the Bottom of Mereden Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said County; to allow, out of the Monies arising from the Tolls on me Lid Roads, an annual Sum towards repairing the first-mentioned Roads; was committed, be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 40 die Februarii j

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755. Prayers.

THE Lord Carysfortpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual. Two Acts of Parliament, made in the 2d and 17th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from in the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chef er, and several other Roads in the said Acts

mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers in the said several Acts: And the same was received; and read the First time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from Netherwich Bridge, within the Borough of Droitwick, in the County of Worcester, through the Lanes cal led Hampton, Lane and Hide Lane, to a Place called Low Hill on -

bury Common; and the Road between the said Hampton Lane and Hartlebwy Common, leading over Muflard Green, to a Place called the Spout in the Parish of Hag-ley-, and also the Road or Lane called Dor dale, leading out of Hampton Lane aforesaid into the Turnpike Hoad

between

Banbury

&c.

Road),

Colefhil!

through

Litchfield

Road.

Droitwich

Roads.

2 8 Geo. II. 240 Februarii. 173

between Ombersley and the M Oak; and also the Lanes called Frog Lane and Back Bridge within the said

Borough: was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 9 After" Bray" to insert" John Blakeway;

Pi. 3. L. Before" Edward," to insert" Sir," and after" IVinninglon ,"to insert " Baronet

Pr. 10. L. 37. To leave out " and insert

" Friday

Pr. 41. L. 25. To leave out " and insert

" Friday."

And the said Amendmentswerc, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, lying within the Borough of in the County of Worcester, or leading from the said Borough to the i'everal Places therein mentioned, within the said County.

Ordered, That \lr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire tueir Concurrence.

Leeds A Bill for the amending, widening, and repairing, the 10 Roads from the 1'own of Leeds, in the West Riding of (he County of York, to in the same Riding, and jtoaj,. from thence, through Sk in the same Riding, to Colne, in the County of Lance.Jler; and from thence, through Burnley and Blackburn, to Bridge in

Walton, in the County of and from

aforesaid, through Gifbum and . to Preston, in the County of Lancaster: and from Skipfon aforesaid to Carperby, in the North Riding of the County of York-, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Downe, Mr. Curzon, Sir Conyers D’ drey. Lord North, Lord Strange, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. , Mr. Sloper, Mr.

Dawnay, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Freeman, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Robert Hi/dyard, Mr. Compton, Mr. Charlton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Foley, Lord Mr. Bagot, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Lord Mr. Mr.

Powney, Mr. Grey, Sir John Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Bayntun, Colonel Griffin, Mr.

Mr. Craster, Mr. Lee, Lord; and all the Members who i'erve for the Counties of York, I Northumberland, Cumberland, IVcJ'tmorcland, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Crock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Crowle's A Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Reversion of Exchange divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, with the *n for Bicliard Crowle Esquire, in Exchange for

Crown. Houses and Lands near his Majesty’s Palace at Windsor, and for other Confederation to be paid for the same, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cust, Mr. Gore, Mr. Coventry, Lord Dupplin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Talbot, vlr. Mr. Chet-

icynd, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wiikinson, Mr. Abort on, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Ca/ey, Mr. Harvey, Mr. , Mr. Sloper,

Mr. Barrow, Mr. Foley, Mr. Nor they, Mr.

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Colleton, Mr. S diifbury, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Willes, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr Grey, Mr. Lee, Mr. Fane, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hay, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Curzon,

Sir Conyers D' Any, Lord Downe, Mr. Amcotts, Mr.

Townshend, Lord Barrington, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Crafler, Mr. Offley, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor-, and all the Members vvno serve for the Count es of Bucks, and Pork: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Toller A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Tane, thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Halifax, Road. VOL. 27.

in the County of York, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Place, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, for amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of 7'ork, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the county of ; and from a

Place called the Two Laws to Kighley; and from a Place called Swine Lane End to the Town of in the said

County of York-, and alleging, that the amending and widening of the said Roads from the West End ot Totter Lane, through Haworth, to the said Place called Blue Bell, will be of great Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a L.aw.

Ordered, 1’hat the said Petition be reierre . to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, of the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh to and from the City of Edinburgh; and from Crammond Bridge to the Town of Queen’s Ferry, in the County of Linlithgow; and for making the said dt more effodtual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Charlton, L >rd Royf on, Mr Mr. Gore, Mr. C'-owte, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Grey, Mr. Curzon, Mr. WIkinson, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Cust, Mr Hayes, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Mr. Cal.y, Mr.

Lyfler, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strange, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Foley, Mr. Craft:/, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Conyers

D' Arcy, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Mr. Pro-wfe, Mr.

Harris-, and all the Members who lcrve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Cluck, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Poad from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Refohea, That the Bill be committed to Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Dawnay, Lord Strange, S r Francis Poole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Grey, Mr. Ca/ey, Mr. G Mr. Mr. Bold, Sir Charles Alordiunt, Mr. Mr. Freeman, Mr. Potter, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Powney, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Page, Mr Pelham, Mr. Sloper, Sir John Cust, Mr. Amcotts, Mr.

IVilles, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Harris, Mr. Hardings, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Egerton, Mr. LMr. Foley, Mr. Bagot, Sir Frm. Meredith, Mr. Pennon, M Mr.

con, Lord Royston, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Harvey, Sir

loughbyAfton; a id a'l the Members who serve for the Counties ot York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster:And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Powers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament; One for repairing the Road from Stump Crofsto Newma-ket Heath, and the

Town of Cambridge; another for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge-, and the Third for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts, and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts; and for repairing other ruinous Parts of the Highways adjacent to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Royston, Mr. Wiikinson, Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Pooh, Mr. Eger-

ton, Mr. Potter, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Page, Lord Carysfort, Lord Downe. Mr. Freeman, Sir Conyers D’ Arcy, Mr. Olmius, Sir John Cust, Mp. Aiflabie, Mr. Crafter. Lord Strange, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. West, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Foley, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Prowse, Lord Guernsey, Mr, Colleton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Y y Bacon,

Edinburgh

Road*.

Rochdale,

&c.

Road,

Stump

Cud's

Road.

*74

X40 Februarii.

A *755.

Preservation

of

Bacon, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Richard Mr. Vernon, Mr. cotts, Mr. Townshend, Mr. WMr. Morton, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Hanbury, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. ton, Mr. Popham, Mr. Medlyco Mr. Lord

North, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gafhry, Captain Frankland, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Gore, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Whichcot; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, EjJ'ex, Hertford, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Farmers, Traders, and principal Inhabitants, of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, was

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-groH'ed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Eld:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pilled a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Sir Thomas Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Glamorgan and merfet, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and fora Division and Settlement of other Part thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Str^ir^’t

£;iate.

Wghways, presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, since explaining and making more effectual a Power contained

L _ ^- _ _ _ _- A. it . A XL C 1 . A J__. 1. __1 Itl tlltt ill Cir Tfl/»v» \ T < J* D o n o f r- I. ny*

Morice's

Leafing

Kingston lpon Hull Poor, &c.

in the Will of Sir William Morice Baronet, for making Leases of his several Estates in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of th is House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Curzon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to avoid and prevent Inconveniencies, Damages, and Mischiefs, occasioned by the Multiplicity of ule-Icls and unnecessary Dogs: And the same was received j and read the First time.

That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act forexchanging of Lands between the Major and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of and John Leman Esquire, was read

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Gore, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sloper, Mr. West, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Page, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Mr.

John Sir Francis Poole, Lo:d Lord Verney,

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Bond, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Mr.

PMr. Hardinge, Sir John Cuff Sir Charles Mor Mr. Hayes, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sir

Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Town Philipps, Mr. , Mr. Grey, Mr. Mr. Yorkey

of Kingston upon Hull; and for the better paving, repair- Sir Matthew Lambe, Lord Strange, Mr. Potter, Mr. Keying, preserving, and cleansing the Streets, Squares, nMr. Lee, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Amcotts, Lanes, and Alleys, in the said Town, and preventing Mr. Mr. Freeman, Mr. Colonel Holmes,

Obstructions therein; and for preserving the Lamps which Mr. Affleck, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Forrester, Mr. shall or may be set up in the said Town, for enlightening Mr. Salujbury, Mr. Onjlozv, Mr. Ellis, Sir

the Streets thereof, and securing the Property of such Iff am, Mr. Coruezvall, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

the Commencement of the Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, the Price of Carriage of Goods has been greatly advanced; and that if such Grievance be not speedily remedied, it will be very detrimental to the Petitioners, and their Families, and also to the Estates in and near the said Town: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that they may be relieved by such Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ditto. A Petition of the Freeholders, Farmers, and Occupiers of Land, within the Parish of Stones, in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of themselves, and others, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the Bill, depending in the House, to amend and enforce the Execution of the said Act, should pass into a Law, the feme will be very detrimental to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ufelds

and

unnfcdarr

Dogs.

Christ'i

Hospital

Exchange

with

Leman

k I b-i

Mr. Crozvle reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, relating to the

Lamps to the Owners; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

hend. Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proilor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, Middlesex, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Oswald Merchant, do, upon this Day Sevennight, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and the several Papers which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, relating to the African Trade, are referred.

Ordered, That Mr. John Boyce Merchant, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Roberts, late Governor 3t

African

Company.

I.nuncefton Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom

Workhouse, the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Cape Coast Castle, do attend the said Committee at the *c' Poor of the Borough of Dunheved, otherwise Launceston, fenie time.

and Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Cornwall, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Ques-ti >n severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment no Onecf them, agreed to by the House.

18

Ordered, That Mr. John Hill Merchant, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr Richard Greaves, of the Six Clerks ’Office, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jolin SmGardiner do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. David Hopkins do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain John Pickett do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Floor do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered,

j8 Geo. II. 240 — 2ef Februarii. *75

IMariclicfter,

.Vo

lUaii*.

Banbury,

&c.

fcojuii.

.1"

U-

*«$ itrf Vans.

1

Kritifli Herr ng Filler/

1

Nervation

of

(Highways, a*

Ordered, That Mr. Arthur Hamilton, /ate Secretary to the Committee at James Fort in the River , do at-

tend the said Committee at the same time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called the White Smithy,

in the Township of Crumpfal, to the Town of;

and from the said Place called the While Smithy, byaPlace called Bejfes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury and from

tl'.e said Place called BefJ'es of the to Bridge,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Dupplin, Sir George Lee, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Nor they. Sir Mr.

Mr. Fellowes, Lord Gtiernfey, Mr. Fazaker/ey, Sir Charles

Blot daunt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Wilkin [on, Mr. Cornezvall,

Mr . Char let on, Mr . Eger ten, Mr. Wtiles, Mr. Lee, Mr. Lhornhagh, Lord George Cavend Mr. Mr.

Grey, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bond, Mr. Mr. Pitt,

Captain Saunders, Captain FraMr. Mr.

Gore, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Morton, Mr. Offer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Westmoreland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Confederation of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Crofsof Hand near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, and from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, in the same County, through Kidlington, to the Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford; and to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Dmchurch to the Bottom of Mereden Hill, in the County of Warwick; and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Mereden Bill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge, in the said County; to allow, out of the Monies arising from the Tolls on the said Roads, an annual Sum towards repairing the first-mentioned Roads; was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjoumedConsideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time , and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, iorne of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Society of the Free Fishery j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Petition.

The other Order of the Day being tead;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present

Vol. 27,

Majesty, intituled, An A <ft for the Amendment and Preservation of the public I Jighwaysand Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston have Leave to make a Motion j it being near Five of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Morice’# explaining and making more effectual a Power contained Leafing, in the Will of Sir William Morice Baronet, for making Leaies ol his several Estates in the Counties of Devon and Cornzoa/l, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 50 dieFeb;

Anno 28* Georgii IP* Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

\ BILL for wideningandrepairing the RoadsfromCMw, Colne, ii in the County of Lancaster, to long Preston, in the County of York; and from Settle, in the said County of York, through Horton Parish in Ribblesdale, to the West End of Camm, in the County of York, lb as to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lancaster to Richmond j tvas read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Sir Robert Hi/dyard, Mr. Dawnay, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Keck, Lord

Ancram, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Lord Royston, Lord Vernty, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hay, Lord Egmont, Mr. Harris, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dicker, Mr. bury, Mr. Powney, Mr. Campbell, Mr Mr. Med-

lycott, Mr. Bond, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Shelley, Mr.

Richards, Mr. Town/!)end, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. More, Mr.

Gajhry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and com- Hawling mon Fields within the Manor and Parish of Howling, in Inclosue. the County of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Dashwood King, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Powney, Sir John Cust, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Salujbury,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Hayward, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Crefzvell, Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lhornhagh, Mr. More, Lord Royston, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Foley, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Dicker, Mr. Popham, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Lownjhend, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gajhry, Lord Egmont, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Fane; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford,

Berks, and Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Act

British

Museum.

St. Mary

Magdalen in Oxford Exchange o Advowson.

Calverley

Moor

Inclosure.

Ofmothcrley

Jnciofure.

176 250 Feiruarii. . 1755

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Montagu House in Trustees, and their Heirs, freed and dii'charged from all the Estates, Uses, and Agreements, to which at present it (lands limited and appointed, upon Trull, to convey the same to the Truliees of the British Museum, for a general Repository; and upon such other Trulls as therein are mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord , Sir Lionel Pilkinglon, Mr. CockMr. Sir Francis

Poole, Mr. Sandvs, Mr Her dirge, Mr. , Mr.

Thornhagh, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Olmius, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Lord Mr.

Barrow, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Lyjtcr, Mr. Gore, Mr. , Lord

Egmont, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Mr.

Harris, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Poivney, Lord Mr. Hay, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Burrell, Mr. , Mr. Bond, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Montagu; and all the Members who

lerve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Sur-

rey, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Powney reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for [ confirming and establishing an Agreement between the Principal of St. Mary Magdalen Hall, in the University of Oxford, and El'is St. John Clerk, for exchanging the Advowson of the Church of South in the County of Berks, for the alternate Presentation of the Church of Finchampstead, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Wades and Commons in the Parish and Manor of Calverley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once Toad throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Earl Verney reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement for inclosing Ofmotherlcy Moor or Common, in the County of York , and for rendering the said Agreement more eflfedlual for the Purposes thereby intended; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, inat the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, *5

were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants', of the Town of Lancaster, which was presented to the House upon TJ, day last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Ott/ey, in the same Riding, and from thence, through Skipton, in the same Riding, to Colne, in the County of Lancaster; and from thence, through Burnley, and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge, in Walton, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton aforesaid, through Gfburnand Clitheroe, to in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton aforelaitl to Cci'perby, in

the North Riding of the County of York; Ihoultl be read a Second time; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, Thar Leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing further Time for Enrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papilts, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And that Mr. Hardingeand Sir John Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act* for veiling a Copyhold Messuage or Tenement in the County of Middlesex, with the Appurtenances, deviled by

the Will ot Mary late Duchets of Northumberland, in Trustees, to enable them to sell and convey the same to the Lady June Coke, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchaseof another Estate, to be settled to the Uses appointed by the fud Wiil, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Lord Royston, Mr. West, Mr. Lord Strange,

Mr. Barrow, Mr. Pei bam, Mr. Sandy s, Mr.

Mr. Hill, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Charles Mor-

daunt, Mr. Ofbaldejton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gore, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Mr. Morton, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Martin, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr More, Mr. Hayes, Mr.

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Cornetvail, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. John Yorke, Lord Lord

Robert Manners, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Tovonshend, Lord George Manners, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Freeman-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Sussex, Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen /bine, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the buying, felling, or offering to Sale, any Game, was read a Second time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Eieftion and double Return for the County of and

of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And

Leedi

to

Ottiev,

&c.

Roftds.

Papilrs1 Wilis, &c.

Duchess

of

Northumber

land's

EiUtc.

Game

Oxford

County

Elctfion.

s8 Geo. II. 25° — 26°

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward ‘Turner B.'.ronet, examined several Witnesses, in order to dil’qualify Thirteen ether Person?, who voted lor the Lord (Penm.:n and Sir James Baronet j Three

as not having any Freeholds in the said County; Four as not being atlefled to the Land Tax; One as being a Leaseholder; Four as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40a. per Annum-, and the other as not being aftefted to the Land Tax.

And they having proposed to disqualify one other Per-Ibn, who voted for the said Lord (Penman and Sir James DaJInvood, as not having any Freehold in the said County;

And having produced a Deed, purporting to be a Conveyance of the Ft echold lor which the said Person claimed to vote;

The said Deed was brought up.

And the Counsel on both Sides were dirccfecEto withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the said Deed was read.

And several \\ it aches were examined, in order to prove that the said Person had not any Freehold in the said County.

Then tire Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Turner examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Eight other Perform, who voted lor the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Da/hwood -, Six as not being act'efl'ed to the Land Tax; One as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value ot 40J. per Annum-, and the ether as being a Leaseholder.

’lhey al'o examined a Witnessand produced Evidence, in cider todiiquaiiiy one other Person, who voted for the Lid Lord (Penman, and Sir James Dcuhivood, as not being in Possession of the Freehold for which he claimed to Vote.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Five other Perilous, who voted for the said Lord (Penman and Sir James Dajku'ocd; One as being a Leaseholder j One as being a Copyholder; One as being insane, and so disordered in his Settles that he could not repeat the Oaths; One as not having any Freehold in the said County; and the other as being an Alien.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Februarii. 177

report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Qualification of the Trustees for each Division, respectively.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Harris of Ajliburton reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for repairing and wiJening the Road from Cliudleigh Bridge, in the Parish o in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashburton, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish ol South Brent, in

the said County, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Dozi-ne reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enlightening the Streets and Lancs, and regulating the Pavements, in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

ChodlcLh

Bridge,

See.

Road.

Leeds Streets,

Mercurii, 26° die 'Februarii;

Anno 2.8° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1735.

P R A Y E 11 s.

Henley O IR Willoughby AJlvn reported from the Committee, to ®ge» O whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

jL O O

Rad grafted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, fur repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dor-chester Bridge, and from thence to Bridge, and to

a Place called Mil eStone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and also for widening the said Roads; and also for repairing and widening the Reads leading from the End of Bridge, next to

Cut ham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Bridge, next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks-, and front the Mayor's Stone, at the End of the Street in the Town of Abingdonaforesaid, to and through Ship-pen, in the said County of to the West End of the

Town of Ffleld, 'i« the same County; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bid, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, anjl made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to Vol. 27.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom Norton the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, by Davemrjr common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, tndolure. and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Norton by Daventry, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Placeand afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout: And then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John Barnard reported from the Committee, to Barth0Ion»evr whom the Bill for the better enlightening and cleansing London the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, Watch and and Courts, within the Parish of St. the Lighting.

Z z Great,

Southwark

Market.

St. &Iary Magdalen in Oxford Exchange of Ad vow loo.

King lion upon Hull Foor, &c.

178

26b FebrttariL

I'Great, London, ant) regulating the5 nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to prevent the holding of any Market for the future in the high Street of the Borough of South'* in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Refoldedi That the Bill be committed to Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Downe, Sir Robert Ladbrooke, Mr. Poivney, Mr. Aderman Fludyer, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Belcher, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Sir Francis Drake,

Mr. Lyjler, Sir John Mr. FeUowcs, M r. Sa ruiys,

Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Alderman Porter> Mr. Hammond, Mr. KynaJlony Sir William Lozvt/ier, Mr. Thorn-hagh, Mr. Northey, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Oltniusy Mr. Ver~ nony Mr. Wtjl, Sir Roger Ne?vd:gate, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Gafh~ ry, Mr. Wilicsy Mr. Amcotls, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. done rcau, Mr. Towjifhcndy Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Alderman Bethe/l; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Surrey, Suffix, Middlesex* and Kent, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at live of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between the Principal of St. Mary Magdalen Hall, in the University of Oxford, and Ellis St. John Clerk, for exchanging the Advowson of the Church of South Moreton, in the County of Berks, for the alternate Prelcntation of the Church of Finchamjlead, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Powney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

a. 1755-

for preferring the Lamps which shall be set up to £n* lighten the Streets of the said Town, aild Teeming the Property of such Lamps to the Owners.

Ordered, That Mr. Crowle do carry the Bill to tile Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Sir Thomas Stradiing Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Glamorgan and Somerset, fordischargingIncumbrances asse(fling the fame, and for a Division and Settlement of other Part thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and ethers, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunta subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is depending in the House, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Lancaster and York, and, amonft others, the Road from Blackburn to Bui ft-cough Bridge in Walton', and setting forth, That the Road from a Place near Walton Church, where the Roads to Blackburn and Mellor divide, to and from thence,

through Ramfgrave, branches out of the said Road, and

is ruinous and narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall lecm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Gore, Lord Dozen e, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Ha, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Mr.

Caley, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Fel/ow Mr. Potter, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Crowle, Lord Strange, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Gray, Mr. Kent, S.r George Lyttelton, Lord CSir Henry

Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Barrington, Mr. Cal-

vert, Mr. Popham, Mr. Keck, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pitt; and alk the Members who serve

for the Counties of Lancaster, Westmorland, Cumberland, Northumberland, Durham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Suadlin^s

Euate.

Walton

Church

Ro*L

An ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, several A<fls of Parliament relating to the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Town of Kingston upon Hull-, and for the better paving, repairing, preterving, and cleansing, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Alleys, in the said Town, and preventing Obstructions therein; and for preserving the Lamps which shall or may be set up in the said Town, for enlightening the Streets thereof, and securing the Property of such Lamps to the Owners; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 3. To leave out " Twenty-five," and insert " Nineteen

Pr. 10. L. 14. To leave out "Twenty-five," and insert " Nineteen."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining, amended, and making more effectual, several Act of Parliament relating to the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Town of Kingston upon Hull-, and for better paving, preserving, and clennling, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Alleys, in the said Town, and preventing Obstructions therein; and

A Bill for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the Mar® common Fields, common Meadows, and other Grounds, InclolBte-in the Townships of Alarjk and Redcarr, within the Manor of Marjk in Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of F«L, and for providing a certain Recoin pence to the Vicar of Afar/k, in lieu of his Tythes, and the greatest Part of his Glebe, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rey- . not as. Lord tdoivne, Mr. Kyuafton, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Powney, Mr. Hay, Mr. Egerton, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cust, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Aiartin, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Morion, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bond, Mr. Probyn, Mr.

Elliot, Mr. Harvey, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Mr.

Thornhagh. Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Foley, Mr. Amcotts,

Mr. Grey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Bayntun,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Wil Lord Hillsborough,

Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Bagot, Mr. CurzColonel Haldane,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Aledlycctt; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Durham,

Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lane after:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rennet and Mr.

Wolverhampton

Chapel.

Brown's

Lane,

&c.

Road.

Northltigh,

&c.

£(hte$.

Preservation

of

Highways,

*c.

African

Company.

Pr:servation

of

Highways,

Ac.

Supply.

Heretable

Jurisdictions in Scotland*

28 Geo. IL 26° — 27a Februarii. 179

Mr. Speaker, table Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors

for erecting and building a new Chapel in the Town of thereof; and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, without any and for making more effectual Provision for the Admi-Amendment: And also, nistration of Justice throughout that Part of the united

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kingdom, by the King’s Courts and Judges there; and for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown's for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers, or Lane in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, Agents in the Law, in Scotland, to take the Oaths; and through Kimboltonand Higham Ferrers, to the Way Post for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more

near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of North, amp- complete; as enacts, That, after the End of Seven Years, ton-, and from the Pound in Kimbolton to the Way Post from and after the 25th of March 1748, the Offices of in Great CatworthField, near Brington Bridge, in the said Sheriff Depute and Stewart Depute shall be granted and County of Huntingdon, without any Amendment: And held ad Fit am aut Culpam; was read a Second time, also, That the Bill be committed.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee establishing and confirming a Partition of the Estates late of the whole House, of Stephen Northleigh Esquire, and Margaret his Wife,

SusannahTarJe Widow, Dame Frances Chudleigh, and Trypheua DavieSpinfler, and for settling the several specific Shares and Allotments thereof upon, and for the Benefit of, the several Parties entitled to the several undivided Shares of the said Estates, before the said Partition; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this house.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committed

tions be adjourned. of

Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the Parishes adjacent, was presentecl to the House, and read; representing to the House several Inconveniencies which, the Petitioners allege, they muff sustain, should the Bill, now depending in the House, for amending and enforcing the late Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, pass into a Law: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as the Nature of their same requires.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Jovisy 270 die Febr;

Anno 28° Georgii IP* Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Northleigh, for establishing and confirming a Partition of the Eftat'e* Estates late of Stephen Northleigh El quire, and Margaret his Wife, Susannah YardeWidow, Dame Frances Chad-height, and Tryphena Davie Spinster, and for settling the several specific Shares and Allotments thereof upon, and for tiic Benefit of, the several Parties entitled to the several undivided Shares of the said Estates, before the said Partition; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Welsh do, upon Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several other Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the African Trade.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

A Bill to repeal so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking away and abolishing the here-Vol, 27,

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom BurfordLane the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading Road, from the Hand and Post at the Top of Burford , in the County of Gloucester, through several Parishes, to the

Town of Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and also the Road from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, leading through several

Parishes, to join the Turnpike Road from Burford to Glou-ceflgr, at a Place called the Hand and Post, in the Parish of Dowdeswell, in the County of Gloucester; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Calverky Wastes and Commons in the Parish and Manor o verier, in the West Riding of the County of York, was *nc^ure* read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 32. After "Temporal," to inlert "and " Commons."

And

i8o

2 70 Febru arii.

4- 1755.

Launceftnn Work house, kc.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Haute: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rtfuhed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes and Commons in the Manor cf Ca/verley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. KyvaJ'tondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Borough of other-

Ldcester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mor daunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to she further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Lleftion and double Return for the County of -ford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward

wife Launafton, and Parish of St.Mary Magdalen, in the Turner Baronet, produced Evidence, in order to difqua-

County of Cornwall, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Borough of Dunheved, otherwise ceston, and Parish of St. Mary Magdalen, in the County of Cornwall. '

Ordered, That Sir George Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Moreau*

Bivoae.

lify one other Person, who voted for the Lord and Sir James Dashwood Baronet, as not having any Freehold in the said County.

They also examined teveral Witnesses, in order to disqualify Nine other Persons, who voted for the said Lord IVenmanand Sir James Dashzvood; Eight as not having any Freeholds in the said County; and the other as not having any Freehold in the said County, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for diflolvirg the Marriage of Richard Morgan Esquire,

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify one other Person, who with Ann Hall his now Wile, and to enable him to marry voted for the said Lord IV and Sir James Dashwood, again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was as r.ot being in Possession of the Freehold for which he read a Second time. claimed to vote.

Refdved. That the Bill be committed. - They also examined several Witnesses, in order to dif-

Rcjo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee qualify Eight other Persons, who voted for the said Lord of the whole House. and Sir ;Two as not having

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Fort- Freeholds in the said County of the Value of 4c

ferry

to

Siothahiche.

night, the 19th Day of March next, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wii-nesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hoar Counsel, and examine Witness, aga’mft the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing and maintaining a Ferry across the River Thames, between the Hamlet of

Ratcliff, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Rotherhithe, in the County of , was read the Third time.

Annum-, Two as not having any Freeholds at all in the said County; Two as not being assessed to the Land lax; One as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote; and the other as not having any Freehold in the said County, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax.

They also examined aWitncfs, and produced Evidence, in order todifqualify One other Person who voted for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James Dashwood, as not having any Freehold in the said County.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Ten other Persons, who voted for the said Lord

and Sir Three as not being

The Amendments following were severally proposed assessed jto the Land Tax; One as not being in Possession to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2 s. L. 25. To leave

" Two,"

Alarkft

.Barborough

tiC.

Roail.

of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote; 0~e as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote; Three as not having any Freeholds in the said County; and the other Two as not having Freeholds in the said County of the Value of 40s. per Annum.

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James Dcflnvood, as not being in Possession of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote.

And they having proposed to disqualify John One other Person who voted for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James Dashwood:

And having offered to produce Evidence, in order to the River Thames, between the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, in the prove that Part only of the Freehold (being House and County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Rotherhithe, in Land), for which the said John voted, was af-

the County of Surrey. sessed to the Land Tax, and that such Part was not of

Ordered, That Mr. Code do carry the Bill to the Lords, the Value of 40 s. per Annum; and desire their Concurrence. The Council on the other Side objected to the pro-

ducing of such Evidence; alleging, that if any Part of An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road the Freehold appeared to be assessed, it was not material from the Town of Market Harberough, in the County of whether the Whole was assessed or not.

Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said And the Counsel for the said Lord Parker and Sir County, to the City of Coventry, was read the Third Edward Turner, having been heard in Answer to that

Objection:

And the Counsel on the other Side having replied to that Answer;

The Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

And

out " One," and insert and to leave out " Justice or L. 29. To leave out " Justice or," and, in the same Line, to leave out " is and

L. 35. To leave out " Justice or;"

Pr. 26. L. 3. To leave out "Justice or," and, in tile same Line, to leave out " is and:"

L. 15. To leave out " Justice or L. aO. To leave out " Justice or," and, in the same Line, to leave out is and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly,

Resolved,'That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establiftflngand maintaining aFerry across

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market llarborovg in the County of

Oiford

Conwy

Election.

Monce’s

Leafing

Eplotn

ice,

Roads.

28-Gf.o. II.

27°-

28° Februarii.

181

And (b much of the Act, made in the iSth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the ElefVion of Knights of the Shite to f.rvein Parliament for that Part of Great Britain ciiled England, as relates to Freeholds, in Itespect or in Right of which any Person Ihou'd claim to vote, being aftlfikd to the Land lax, was read:

And t lie Heads ot Objection let againfc the Name of the said yj/:n IV'tnbujh, in the Liliof the fever;l Persons who voted for the said Lord // enmnn, and Sir James,

ot for One of them, at the l.ift Election for the County of Oxford, intended tobeobjefbd to by the said Lord Parker and Sir Edzcard Turner, was also read;

Resolved, That t!:e Counsel for the said Lord Parker and bir Edward Turner be admitted to give Evidence, that Part only of the Freehold (being House and Land), for which the said John IVinbnfh voted, was aftelTed to the Land Tax; and that such Part was not of the clear yearly Value of 40 s.

And 1 he Counsel on both Sides were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And then they were again directed to withdraw.

Oj Acred, That the f urther Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 o° die Februarii;

Anno 28° Georgii IP* Regis, 1755.

Pray e r s.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exolaining and making more effectual a Power

1 C7 {

contained in the \\ ill of Sir IV'Bit am Morice Baronet, for making Leak's of his several Estates in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the 1311! be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Townshend, Mr. prou'Je, Mr. CJbaldeftcn, Mr. Belchier, Co.oriel iVkitmore, Mr. Mr.

liagh, Sir Edmund [Earn, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Mr. Hunter, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. More, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Forrefer, Sir Mr.

Hawes, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gore, Mr. vhjon, Sir John Mole [worth, Mr. Mr

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mr. , Sir John

Hindi Cotton, Mr. Waring, Mr. Hill, Mr. Yorke, Mr. parol, Mr. On flow, Mr Curzcn, Mr. Grove, Mr. Mr. GYev, Mr. Camp bell, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Foley, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Mr. Lee, Mr.

Pov.ney, Colonel Grijtin, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Han°cr; and all the Members who leave lor the Conn-

U J

ties of Cornwall, Devon, Sent aftanti Dor jet: And they are ro meet this Alteration at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epfm, through E-well, to Tooting, and from Ewell, to [Guytonupon and

ton, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Pedived. That the Bill be cvtnmirted to M

Air. Gxbbon, Mr. Pro C , S.yJj/ij: R'k Mr. Kxna-

/ton, Mr. IL nger. Air. T ’>t'-V7-ai inly i r Robert Hilt!yard.

Mr. Alderm an di/o n. A J Hunter, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. More, c.ii\ 7/ionj/jfii* /:, Mr. Ord, Sir

John Bn nun d. M t. A- u, Mr. link ;e\'. Sir Edmund

Ilham, l.oid Fa T, M r. Cciid on, Mr. Grey, Mr. Ba~

the, ft, Mr. Lewis , Ml r. J’Wi'ZL'/s, Mr. , Chctzvynd, Mr.

Sandxs, A1 r. C.u '-,) Mi . Bacon, Mr, , Hammond, Mr.

Aiflidie. Mr. Be; 'HI, A !r . DuchM, Mr . Co/ebrook, Mr.

Cox, Mr. De, la: w Mr. // ird'mge, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Clay*

ton, Sir Kendrick (Hasten, Sir Robert Lad'orooke, Mr. On-

flow, Mr. Ncr/her, Mr. 1Mr. Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cue, Mr. EgMr. Phillips, Mr. Vol. 2 7.

Gafhry, Mr. Foley, Mr. Shelley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Southampton, Sujjext Middlesex, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Conyers D'Arcypresented to the House, according Bentham,

to Order, a Bill for the dividing and inclosing a certain f *c; Common, and Waste Lands called Bentham Moor, lying ,nt olure* within the Parish of Bentham, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for the better enlightening and clean- Bartholomew sing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, London Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of Saint Bartho- Watch and lomew the Great, London, and regulating the nightly tin®* Watch and Beadles within the said Parish, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 1. To leave out " Lord

Pr. 5. L. 18. To leave out " Lord

L. 36. To leave out " Lord Pr. 8. L. 20. To leave out " Lord

Pr. 12. L. 3. To leave out " Lord

L. 18. To leave out " Lord L. 31. To leave out " Lord Pr. 18. L. 5. To leave out " Lord L. 11. To leave out " Lord L. 33. To leave out " Lord Pr. 19. L. 9. To leave out " Lord L. 27. To leave out " Lord And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better enlightening and clcanfing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts within the Parish of St. Bartholomew the Great,

London, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee* Southwark to whom the Bill to prevent the holding of any Market Market, for the tulure in the high Street in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, is committed. That they

have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the erecting or placing in any Part of the high Street in the Borough of Southwark, where the Market is now kept, any Stall,

Truflel, or other Stand, or any Hackney Coaches to stand or ply therefor Hire, or any Carts, Drays, or other Carriages to stand or remain there, except only during the time of loading and unloading thereof.

A Petition of Thomas Stephens was presented to the House and read; taking Notice of the Act, made in the Stephens’s Year 1751, for encouraging the making of Pot Allies Manufacture and Pearl Allies in the British Plantations in America; and pot a(U.

setting forth, That the Inhabitants not being sufficient-]y skilled in the Art of making good Pot Alh, the said Act has not answered the End deligned; and that the Petitioner, after many expendve Experiments, found out a Method of making such Pot Alh as has been approved by the Manufacturers and Traders in that Commodity here, and put his Method in Practice, as appeared by a Parcel of Pot A/h made in, and brought from, North America, equal in Goodnds, if not superior, to the belt foreign Alh; and that the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, to encourage the Petitioner in the said Discovery and Undertaking, received Proposals, made by several eminent Merchants, on behalf of the Petitioner, for making public, and introducing into the British Plantations, the Petitioner’s Method of making Pot Ash; and his Majesty

3 A was

28° FebtuarA. 1755*

Waspleased.oo Account of the Petitioner's great Expence, to order a Sum toaffift the Petitioner towards rendering the same of Benefit to the Public; and that the Petitioner did immediately deliver, in Writing, to the said Commissioners, his Method of making Pot Alh; and, upon Receipt of the Money, did go again to North America, there divulge his said Method, cause several larger Works tobeereded, andinftrudl many of the Inhabitants in every . Operation of the Process; according to which, the Petitioner, and others by him so inftrydted, are now making large Quantities of Pot Alh: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioner such Encouragement and Reward as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee t And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matter of Fa<ft contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. 7Mr. Pitt, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lord Dup-

/>/:>/, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. West, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Hay ding e, Mr. A my and,

Lord Strange, Sir John , Mr. Vyner, Mr. Ver-

tion, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Col Lord Digby, Sir John Barnard, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Martin, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Morton, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Mr. Palmer, Mr. More, Mr. Mr. , Colo-

nel Cornwallis, Mr. Butler Mr. Berkeley, Sir Comers D'Arcy, Mr. Fazakerlty, Mr. Nor they. Sir John Cust, Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Egmont, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Talbot, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Powney, Sir Francis Dashzvood, Mr. Ca/ey, Mr. Ellis, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Barrington, Mr. Calvert, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Mr. Beckford, Mr.

Crowle, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Mr. Affleck;

Sir George Lee, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Mathew Lambe, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Leveson . Gower, Mr. Onslow, Sir Lionel Pilkinglon, Mr. Reynolds,

Lord George Sackville, Sir William Irby, Sir Roger New-digate, Mr, Salvsbury, Mr. Grey, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Bathwft, Mf. Bertie, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hanger, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Mr. Amcotts, Mr.

got, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lewis, Lord Carys/ort, Mr. Gibbons, Sir IFm. Beauchamp Pro A or. Sir William Lowther, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Chetwynd, and all the Merchants of the House j And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Person, Papers, and Records,

Stephen.'* Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Manillaure Majesty. That he will be graciously pleated to give Di-rot Alh. redions.that there be laid before this House a Copy of the Letter from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated the 49th March 1754, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on Air. Stephens's Proposal relating to Pot Alh; and also a Copy of his Majesty’s Warrant, dated c, June 1754, for advancing One thousand Pounds to Mr. Stephens, for his Service and Expence in discovering the Method of making Pot Alh in the Colonies in America; and also A Copy of a Proposal from the Merchants, on behalf of Mr. Stephens.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of jus Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council,

Nortrti An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the com-^fudofar'F m°n ^'C^S'cnrnmon Pastures, common Meadows, com-uc 0 r mon Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and, Pari (h of Norton by Daventry, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. L. 6. To leave out " by, " and insert " to" And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put *4

thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Adtfordividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Ground1-, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of 1

by Ddventry, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Eld:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SlHi^shy for dividing and inclosing several open FieldsandPaftures, Inctown, or Commons, in the Township of in the County

oilork, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords haye agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chu-dvww for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common luctviur* Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of '

in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment;

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act D.-n?t*r»ck for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, kwh. lying within the Borough cf Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, or leading from the said Borough to the several Places therein mentioned, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for HimwtaA veiling certain Houses and Tenements at Weed over, in Ki*?» the County of Bucks, hie the Estate of John Hampden Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in such manner as the Residue of his personal Estate is by his Will directed to be applied: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Dttpplin presented to the House, according BuiMiip to Order, a Bill to enable the reverend William Markham,

Doctor of Laws, Thomas Salter Esquire, and others, to Wetimiaher, build Houses, and open a Square, in and upon a certain

Piece of Ground, called Deans Yard, and

several Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing several felt!lharn. open Fields and Pastures, or Commons, in the Township Iwiw of Nunburnholme, in the County of was read the IikIoww* Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pastures, or Commons, in the Township of Nuubn

holme, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir John Rif bout do carry to Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend, Mr. Thomas Morgan IL'ivitrt junior, Lord Howe, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Charles kilsw.

hend, Mr. Keck, Mr. William Morgan, Mr. Tenge, Mr.

Symmonds, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Probs n, Mr. Chef‘er, Mr. Powney, Sir Charles fynie,

Mr. Barrow, be added to the Committee, to whom t!m-

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rectifying and supplyinga Miltake and Omission in a Settlement made of the Estate of Mary B'evdtl Widow, on the.

Marriage of Edmond Blezoitt her eldell Son } and for settling the said Estate on his issue Male, and for railing Portions for his younger Brothers} is committed.

Mr. Sandy 1 reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to confirm and cfUb'ilh an Agreement for dividing laciefri* and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, andaCoW Failure, in K:iyhlony in the County of Lizcsfter, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the

UnnPpoli2ing Sheqx lad Lambs.

CoTefhill

through

litchfield,

&c.

Roaa,

Bri.'ilh

Herring

friihery,

Game

Law*

r

t

28 Geo. II,

28° Februarii, — 1°

i8j

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were, once read throughout: and then a Second time; one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Belchierreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon 'Monday Morning^neXt.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the Miole House, totonfider furth-r of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution Tuesday, the x 8 th Day of this Instant February, was made of the said Act.

Pretptvfld.,fti

Highways Set.'

from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Farmers, and of other Persons, Breeders and Feeders of Sheep in the County of was referred,

might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring is a Bill to prevent the spreading of the Distemper, which of late Years has appeared amongst the Breed of Sheep in some Tarts of the County of Lincolnby laying under further Restrictions such Persons as are commonly called Jobbers, and w ho hereafter shall buy lean Sheep to fell them again alive at any Fairs or Markets within the said County: And that Mr. Vyner, Mr. Or by , and Sir Francis Dafiiwood, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, made in the 2d and 17 th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Coleshill, in the County of through the City of Litchfield, to in the County of

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill $ and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conllder further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati) i° die Mariii;

Anno 2S0 Georgii IIal Regis, 1755. Prayers.

Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester, and feve- HP H E Lord Dot mereported from the Committee, to

JL whom the Bill for amending and widening the Road from the West End of Toiler Lane, near Bradford, through in the County of York, to a Place

called Bine Bell, near Colne, in the County of Jter; and from a Place called the Two Laws to Kighley; and from a Place called Swine Lane End to the Town of Ottley, in the said County of York; was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of , in the County of York, in

behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Place; referred to the Committee: and had exa-

lal other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for en larging the Term and Powers in the said several Acts; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Carysfort. Lord Digby, Mr. Honyzvood, Mr. Kent, Mr.

Talbot, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Campbell,. Mr. Middleton, Mr.

Hunter, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ofifey, Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr.

Bond, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Coventry, Mr.

Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Probyn,

Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Onfiozv, Mr. Ellis,

Mt.T/tomas Gore, Mr. Lee, Mr. Cidogatt, Mr. Cocks,

Lord Downe, Mr. Sandyr, Mr. Yonge, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Aldworth, Earl of Upper Ofory, Mr. Westpha- mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

ling, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. SMr. Felloives, Mr Rarbor, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Mr. Rigby,

Lord Strange, Mr. Duncumbe, Mr. Harris, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Dazvnay, Mr. and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Derby, Chester, Salop, Lancaster, Westmoreland, Cumberland-, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House to consider of the Petition of the Society of the free British Fishery;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committed of the whold House, to consider of the said Petition.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; ancj then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quel-Clock, in the Speaker’s tion severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment

to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill for exempting Horses and Carriages going empty for, or laden with, Coals only, from Payment of Toll.

And the said Clause was twice read; and; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bein-grofied.

Toiler

Lawe»

&c.

Roa«t.

Mr. Wilkinfort reported from the Committee, to whom Sram/idd’* the Bill for the Sale of several E(fates of Robert Starts-

better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the buy- Esquire, in the County of York, and for laying out ing, felling, or offering to Sale, any Game. the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Estates in the said County of York, to be settled to the

Mr. Belchier took the Chair of the Committee, < like Uses, was committed, That the Committeehad exa- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair* mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to

Vox,. 27. be

Oxford

County

Elcflion.

184 i° — 3 0 Marta. 1755.

be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the S.u istadtion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner Barunct, examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that Part only of the Freehold for which John

Winbufh voted at the said Election, was assessed to the Land Tax; and that such Part was not of the clear yearly Value of 40 s.

They also examined several WitnessTes, in order to disqualify Twelve other Persons, who voted for the Lord

Wenman, and Sir James Da/invood Baronet; Seven as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 s. per Annum;Three as not being assessed to the Land Tax; and the other Two as not being assessed to the Land Tax for a Freehold of the Value of 40 s. per Annum.

They also examined aWitness, and produced Evidence, in order to disquality one other Person, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James as being a

Minor.

They also examined a Witness, in order to disqualify One other Person who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, as not having any Freehold in the Place, where, at the time of the said Election, he Iwore that his Freehold did lie.

They also produced Evidence, and examined a Witness, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir as

not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, inPoflefiionof the Freehold for which he voted.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Six other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dafnvcod-, One as not being af-lcfied to the Land Tax for a Freehold of the Value or 40 s. per Annum; One as not having any Freehold at all in the said County; Two as not being assessed to the Land Tax; One has being a Leaseholder; and the other as not being in Possession of the Freehold* for which he voted.

They also produced Evidence and examined a Witness, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted (or the said Lord Wenmanand Sir as

not being assessed to the Land Tax.

.And a Book, containing the original AfTflrnents for the City of Oxford, was produced, and delivered in.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were direcded to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the Ho life adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 30 die 7;

Anno 28° Georgii ILdl Regis, 1755. Prayers.

Mlt, Reynolds reporte^from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Taylor, being examined, informed your Committee, That heknows the Road from IValtonChurch, where the Roads to Blackburn and Mellor divide, to Mcl-lor, and from thence through Ramfgrave; and that the said Road is in many Places too narrow, and is in a ruinous \3ondition, and cannot be effectually widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. George Stether and Mr. — Parker, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Taylor.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the amending, widening, and repairing, the Road from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Ottley, in the same Riding, and from thence through Skipton, in the same Riding, to Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from thence to , Burnley and Blackburn, to B10fcough Bridge in Walton, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton aforesaid, through Gisburn and Clitheroe, to Prcston, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton aforesaid to Car per by, in the North Riding of the County of York; is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place near Walton Chuch, where the Roads to Blackburn and Mellor divide, to Mellor, and from thence through Ramfgrave.

An ingrossed Bill for making navigable the River or Brook called Sankey Brook, and the Three several Branches thereof from the River Mersey, below Sankey Bridges, up to Broadman s Stone Bridge, on the South Branch, to Gerrard's Bridge, on the middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge, on the North Branch thereof, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also for adjusting the Measur of Coal to be brought down the said River, and fold within the Town of Liverpool, in the said County, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P. 4. L. 28. To leave out " Survivors," and insert *c Successors :*

Pr. 5. L* 22. After " AjketonJ' to insert *' Baronets Pr. 7. L. 14. To leave out " Gentlemen

L. 15. AfteruRogers," toinfert " Gentlemen:" L. 29. To leave out " Esquire," and insert " Samuel Clowes, Samuel Hilton, El quires, Ellis Bent, u John Cafe, Charles Chorley, Gentlemen."*

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fe-vcrally put thereupon, agreed toby the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making navigable the River or Brook called Sankey Brook. and the Three several Branches thereof from the River Mersey, below Sankey Bridges, up to Broadman"s Stone Bridge, on the South Branch, to Gerrard's Bridge, on the middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge, on the North Branch thereof, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster\ and also for adjusting the Measur of Coal to be brought down the said River, and fold within the Town of Liverpool, in the said County.

And then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Tabic.

Ordered%

Walton

Church

Road.

Sankey Brook N avigaiion*

29 Geo. II. 30 Mar 185

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stephens’* Ordered, That Sir John Barrington and Mr. Sloper be Manufacture added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Pot°A(h Stephens is referred.

Knighton An ingossed Bill to Confirm and establish an Agree-ut 0 ure. ment for dividing and incioling several Fields, Meadows, and a Cow Pasture, in Knighton, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the BUI do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and incioling several Fields, Meadows, and a Cow Pallure, in Knighton, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry' the Bill to the Lords, r.nd desire their Concurrence.

Christ* Mr Charles Gore reported from the Committee, to Ex'han3* wl, om the

ingrotTed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An the Act for exchanging of Lands between the Mayor and Leman. Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, Governors ot Chirft's Hospital, and John Leman Esquire, was committed. That the Cr mini (tec had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee 1 ad directed him to report the Bill to the Houte, ithout any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Korthleigh’s, An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and confirming a Partition of the Estates Eihtw. ]atc of Stephen No th/eigh Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, Susannah Yarde Widow, Dame Frances and Trxphena Davie Spinfier, and for settling the several tpecific Shares and Allotments thereof upon, and for the Benefit of, the 1 vvra! Partic.-- infilled to the several undivided Sh irks 01 t’ c I fid Estates before the said Partition; and for other PurpuiA therein mentioned; was read a Se

( cond time.

i Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Curzou, Mr. Yorke, Sir WilloughbySir John

g' Cust, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Ret he//, \lr.Tomt/bend, Mr. Colleton, Mr Sir Roger NczvJigate. Mr Eger ton, Mr. Mr.

L'.Jter, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Kir. Hanger, Mr. Gore, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Mr. Mr. Chart-ten, Lord Dupp/in, fvT. Hav, Mr. Ell'oft, Mr. Gajhry, Silt Francis Poole, Mr. Wdkinfvn, Mr. Thornhcgh, Mr. Bather ft, S.r Lionel PiikiMr. Gray, Lord Dowtie,

Colonel Leflic, Mr. FolSir Charles Sir

Rd. Warwick Bangfy/de, Mr. Compton, Mr. Mr.

Nugent, Mr..SymonUs, Mr Placket, Mr. Sir

Isham, Mr Rovency, Lord; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornual!,

Soma Jet, and Dorset:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five or the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chudltph An ingossed B'll for repairing and widening the Road Bridge, from Ckudleigh Bridge, in the Parish of Hemlock, in the IW County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashburton, to Brent Bridge, in the Pari 111 of South Brent, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from j Chudleigh Bridge, in t Jrc Parish of in the County

j of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Ashburton,

to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris Ashburton do carry the

| Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' ^"peen’s An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act *lts’ fy veiling certain Houses and Tenements at A 'e a clover,

in the County of Bucks, late lire Ellate of John Hampden Esquire, in Trustees, to be loid, and for applying the Vox.. 27.

Purchase Money in such manner as the Residup of his personal Ellate is by bjs Will directed to be applied, was read the First time.

Refoloedt That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Bfenley granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign B"d£e* of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford; to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to CulhamBrand to a Place called Mile Slone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County; and also for widening the said Roads; and also for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End of C Bridge, next to

Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge, next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks-, and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of the Boar Street, in

the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to and through Shippon, in the said County of Berks, to the West End of the Town of Fy field, in the same County; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 44. L. 9. After " Five," to insert " and."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and-Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge; and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Mile Stone, in the Road leading to dalen Bridge, in the said County; and for widening the said Roads; and also for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge, next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge, next to Abingdon, in the -County of Berks.; and from the Mayor's Stone, at the End of the Boar Street, in tile Town of Abingdon afore I aid, to Shippon, in the said County of Berks,<to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the lame. County.

Ordered, That Sir Willoughby Aston do c^rry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Banbury, leading trom the Cross of Hand, near Bridge, in JLC-

the County of Warwick, through the Town dl Southern, oa

in the same County, to the Borough of in the County of Oxford, and from the in the Village

of Adderbury, in the same County, through to

the Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford-, and to enable the Trustees for putting in Execution Throe Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Dunchurch to the Bottom o f MeredenHill, in the County of Warwick, and for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Mereden Hill aforesaid, to Stone Bridge in the said County, to allow, out of the Monies arising from the Tolls on the said Roads, an annual Sum towards repairing the first-mentioned Roads; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Cross of Hand, near Fin ford firidge, in tlje County of Warzoick, through the Town of Scut ham, in

the same County, to the Borough of in, the County of Oxford, and from the G Post in the Visage

of Adderbury, in the same County, through , 10

the Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford; and also the Road leading from a Place called the Tzvo MEN Tree, rear the City o f Oxford, over. Gos for.d otherwise

Goffard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon. Westt/H on the Green, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mor daunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs arid Mr,

Waple:

2 B Mr. Speaker,

Berkeley1

Estates.

Stradling1

Estate.

Papista’ Wills, See.

Whale

Jiibery.

fmothcrJey

Inclosure.

Berkeley's

Estates,

Useless

and

unnecessary

Pogs,

186

Mr. Speaker,

’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Executors of Augustus late Earl of Berkeley to make Leases of his Estates in during the

Minority of his Children: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Sir 'Thomas Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Glamorgan and So-merfet, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for a Division and Settlement of other Part thereof; and for for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Crajler, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Ord, Mr. , Mr.

Charles Montagu, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Mr. Har-

ley, Mr. Wright, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lee, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Shelley, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Reynolds, Lord North, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Gray, Mr. Henley, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Watson, Mr. Lamhton, Mr.

Wilbraham, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Sir

William Irby, Sir Ralph Milbank, Mr. Butler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hanger, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Alderman Dickinfen, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Affleck,

Lord Doivne, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Fane, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Olmius, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Alderman Ladbrooke, Mr. Hay, Mr. Dawnay, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Monmouth and Somerset, and the Principality of: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further En-cQuragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

t An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement for inclosing Ofmotherley Moor, or Common, in the County of York, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement for inejofing Ofmotherley Moor, or Common, in the County of York, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

Ordered, That Earl Verney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Executors of Augufius late Earl of Berkeley to make Leases of his Estates in during the Minority of his Children,'was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to avoid and prevent Inconveniences, Damages, and Mischiefs, occasioned by the Multiplicity of uleless md unnecessary Dogs, was jead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

v 1$

A- x755-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, Graziers, and Breeders of Cattle, in the County of Norfolk, in behalf of themselves, and others, the Farmers, Graziers, and Breeders of Cattle, in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the g;eat Number' of Dogs now kept, and suffered to go at large, in this Kingdom, is a great Nuisance to the Public, and very injurious to the Petitioners in particular; and that the Bites of mad Dogs are now become more frequent than ever; and that there is great Reason to apprehend, that the In-section and pestilential Diseases, now raging amongst the horned Cattle, are extended by means of the said Animals: And therefore praying the House, That Provision may be made to remedy a Grievance so prejudical to all the Occupiers of Land in this Kingdom, so dangerous to the Public, and so frequently fatal to Individuals.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to avoid and prevent Inconveniencies, Damages, and Mischiefs, occasioned by the Multiplicity of ulclels and unnecessary Dogs, is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several other Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the African Trade;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fr Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were severally ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Fri Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dacres do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Cogil do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That some of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That the Secretary to die Committee of the Company of Merchants tiading to do attend the said Committee at the same time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Society of the Free Fishery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethel took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethel reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon day Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the buying, felling, or offering to Sale, any Game, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved,

3° Martii.

h

H

Ufdefs

and

unnecessary

D0£*.

If

Mi!

ftc

African

Company.

British Herring I. iflier v.

Ways and Weans,

Game

Laws*

Preservation

of

Highways,

&c.

Thirik

to

Mafliani

Road.

a8 Geo. II. 30 — 4°

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 'House, to consider further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 40 die Martii;

Anno a8° Georgii IP’ Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

SI R Conyers D' drey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from ’Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through ,- to

Bnldcrjby Gate, adjoining to Hutton , in the Way to Ripon, and through Ainderby, Quernhow, and Nofierfield,

by Well Flashes Gate, to M, in the County of

York: and likewise for removing the Toll-house and Turnpike Gates at Busby Stobb, in the said County, to some other convenient Place in the Hoad leading from Boroughbridge to the City of Durham; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time. One by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the- Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Martii. 187

Sir Lionel Pilkington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening and repairing-the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of through Cape/,

Dorking, Mickle ham, and Leather head, to the Watch House in Ebbisham, in the County of Surrey, and from Capel to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl of Hillsborough reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last. That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Copies of the several Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House, "had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Ellis, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, from 31st December 175*, to' 31 December 1754, has arisenj distinguishing the lame-under the several Heads of Expence.

’ And the Title of the said Account was read, '

The laid Account, is as followeth; viz.

V01. 27.

Navy

Horsham,

&.C.

Road.

An fiver to Address for Papers.

Account of Navy Debt.

i$8 4 Mar tit.A. 1755.

Navy-Office, 7An ACCOUNT shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, from the 31st t2th February 1755. J 1752, to the 31st December 1754, his arisen; distinguishing the same under the several Heads of Expence: Prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 12th lnstant.

The’Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1754, as presented to Parliament - D* - - on the 31st December 1752 -

Debt inereased between the 31st December 1752, and the 31st December 1754

£ s.

-1,296,567 18 11J - 944,901 7

£ 351*666 16 4*

Reasons for the said Increase.

On the Head of Wear and Tear.

Bills registered, and included in the Debt of the Navy, for carrying on the Building of the Royal Hospital at -

Bedding bought, and other Stores supplied, for the Use of Soldiers, not provided for by Parliament -

Expences already incurred upon the Embarkation for Virginia Piemiums on naval Stores imported from the Plantations -Bounty of £. 5 per Head for Men belonging to the Enemies Ships, which were taken or destroyed - - - , - -

Interest incurred on Navy Bills -

Expence of Half-pay more than provided for by the ordinary Estimate 'Hie honourable Mr. Keppel's Disbursements in renewing Treaties with the States of Algier, Tripoly, and Tunis - -

Charge of completing the Sandwich for a Lazarette, and providing Moorings for her in StandgateCreek -

Chatge of the extra Stores supplied to the Ships of the Squadron

Charge ofcarryingon the building and rebuilding uf One.Ship of 100 Guns, Three of 00, Two of So, Two of 70, Six of 60, Three of 50, and Two of 20 Guns, and Two Sloops (the latter to be employed to cruize against the Smugglers), and for carrying on and completing the great Repair or Relni [ding of One Ship of 90 Guns, One of 70, and One ot 60 Guns, on the Head of Extra, in the Year 1753 - -

For building a new Yatclit, and providing her with Furniture and Stores, to attend the Service on the Irish Station - - - - '+

For building a new Transport Vessel in the room of the Lion Hoy call away ——

Purchase of a Sloop for a Transport Vessel, and fitting her for the Sea, in the room of the Fcrrefter Hoy call away -

The Summer of the Year 1752, proving very wet, prevented the Mer chants fending into the several Dock Yards the Timber due 0:1 their Contracts, made in the Years 1750 and 1751, that wou.d otherwise have been brought in; which having been delivered in the Year 1753, with what was received on subsequent Contracts, amounting in the Whole, to £ 135,944 (for which Sum Bills were registered within the said Year), has inereased the Charge on that Head -

Value of the Remains of the principal Species of Stores on the 31 1754, exceeds the Remains of the Year 1752 -

On the Head of Victualling, as per Account received from those Commissioners;

viz.

Expence of victualling Land Forces -

Additional Allowance of Vinegar, per Estimate -

Interest paid and incurred ——

Extra Freights -

Money imprested Mr. Doge, for Service of the Squadron gone to the East Indies under the Command of Admiral Watson -There have been Purlers Balance Bills numbered in the above Time, for Accounts which terminated in former Years, to the Amount of -The Wade and Decay of Provisions, it is presumed, may be deemed a {efficient Reason for the remaining Sum of

L s. d.

to,599 S 7

2>5°3 *3 10 2,265 13 10

54.I71 19 —

t

1,180 — —

5>4°5 1 <4 3,091-----

3,684 10 — < i

1,659 6 9;

S,$45 310;

1*1,7,838 1 7

*5,4*5 15

3,001 15 10 859 6 3

28,600 — — 48,904 9 —

12,893 11 — 2,892 9 9

5,068 12 7

7°4 S 5

5,999 19 — 14,845 17 — 3,094 iS

3°5>735 11 s

45,499 12 9

35G2J5 4 Si

Eduard Falkmham, Jof Allin, Dan. Druert, Richard Hall, G. Adams.

Ordered,

Buildings iii DcAn’s Yard* Wdiminster.

Stnmp

Cross

Road.

Stansfield'f

Etfalei.

Marfk

IneJolurc.

8 Geo. Ill* zfMarti 189

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill to enable the Teverend William Markham, Pottor of Laws, Thomas Salter Esquire, and others, to byild Houses, and open a Square, id and upon a certain Piece of Ground called Deans Tard, and

several Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dupplin, l^ord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Curzon, Cantain Frank-land. Lord Strange, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Calvert, Lord Hillsborough, Sir Francis Dashwcod, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Dr, Hay, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Lord Barrington, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Elliot, Mr T Mr. Ojwa'd, Mr. FLdgfcumbe, Mr. Potter, Colonel Mr.

Mr. Martin, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Shelley, Lord Dowtie, Mr Stanley, Sir Robert Hil-dyard. Colonel Griffin, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. GodoU phin, Mr. Fane, Mr. FeHowes. Sir Walter B/acket, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John CroJJe, Lord George ville. Sir Robert Long, Mr. , Mr. Alderman

Beckford, Mr. Alderman Dickinfoti, Mr. Campbell, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Yorke, Colonel Mojlyn, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Amyand, Sir William Cod-rington, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Ellis, Lord North-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Hertford, Surrey, Kent, and the Cuy of

London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Royflon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 15 th Year of the Reign of his pi dent Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Powers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament 5 One for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Nev'market Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, another for repairing the Road from Foul mire to Cambridge-, and the Third for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts, and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts; and for repairing other ruinous Parts of the Highways adjacent to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge ;was committed, 1 hat, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Sale of several Estates of bert Stansfield Esquire, in the County of York, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of York, to be settled to the like Uies, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Sale of several Estates of Robert Stansfield Esquire, in the County of York, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates in the said County of York, to be settled to the like Uies.

Ordered, That Sir Lionel Pilkington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Bridgman, Lord Frederick Citvendish, Mr. Campbell, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. George Brudenell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the inclosing, dividing, and . Vot. 27.

exchanging, the common Fields, common Meadows, and other Grounds, in the Townships of and Redearr,

within the Manor of Marjk in Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of Yorki and for providing a certain Recompence to the Vicar of Marjk in lieu of his Tythes, and the greatest Part of his Glebe, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Hand and at the Top of Buford

Lam, in the County of Gloucester, through several Parishes, to the Town of Stow on the , and from thence to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and also the Road from the Cross Hands on Sal ford PI ill, leading through several Parishes to join the Turnpike Road from Buford to Gloucester, at a Place called the Hand and Post in the Parish of Dowdeswell, in the County of Gloucester j was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 19. To leave out " amending," and inferfc " widening."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Post at the Top of Buford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Slow on the Wold, and from

thence to Halford Bridge, in the County of and also the Road from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, to the Hand and Ptjl in the Parish of Dowdeswell, in the County of G/ouceiter.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charles Pozvnshend reported from the Committee,

to whom the ingressed Bill from the Levels, intituled, An Act for rectifying and supplyinga Mistake and Omission in a Settlement made of the Estate of Mary Widow, on the Marriage of Edmond Blewitt her eldest Son, and for settling the said Estate on his Issue Male; and for railing Portions for his younger Brothers; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;' and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Bcirford

Lane

Road;

Bleivitt's

Estate.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Heretable Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal Jurisdi<ftions so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 20th Year lu LOt 3 of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scand for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdiction? to the Crown; and for making more efl’eftual Provision for the Adimnistration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom by the King’s Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers, or Agents in the Law, in Scotland, to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete; as enacts. That, after the End of Seven Years, from and after the 25th of March 1748, the Offices of Sheriff Depute and Stewart Depute shall be granted and hel dadVitam aut Culpam.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

3C

The

Game

Laws*

t

Trtfcrvarioti

of

Highway*,

&c.

GnMeford New Church.

Borough-

bridge

Writ.

Ducheft

of

Northumberland’*

Etlate.

Crowie's Exchange ol Lauds with the Crown.

190 40 — 5 0 Ma... A. 175$.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the tvhoie House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Arne, intituled, An Act for the better Prderva-tion of the Game, in relation to the buying, idling, or offering to Sale, any Game, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Rc/olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the ,26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the AmendmentandPreservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more efl’cdual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii; 5* Martii;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments' be ingrosstd. '

An ingrossed Bill to continue and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 15th Year of the Reign of his prfc-sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Power's granted by Thrfce several Acts of Parliament; One lor repairing the Road from StumpCrcfs to Heath, and the Town of Cambridgeanother for repairing the Road from Fou/mire to Cambridge-, and the Third for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two former Acts, and for enlarging the Terms granted by the said Two former Acts; and for repairing other ruinous Parts of the Highways adjacent to the Road from Fou/mire to Cambridge;was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title, be, An Act to continue and render more effectual several Acts for repairing the Road from Stump to Newmarket Heath, and the Town of Cambridge; for repairing the Road from Fou/mire to Cambridge-, and for repairing other ruinous Parts of the Highways adjacent to the Road from Fou/mire to Cambridge.

Ordered, That the Lord Rodo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stump

Crol:

Road.

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755. Prayers.

SIR John Ehvill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Parishioneis of the Parish of the Holy Trinity in Gu/de/ord, in the County of Surrey, so fell divers Houses, Lands, Rents, and Annuities, in the said Parish, and in Stoke, next Gu/de/ord aforesaid; and to apply the Money arising by Sale thereof towards re-building their Parish Church: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, with the laffc Return of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Boroighbridge, in the County of York.

' Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Copyhold Messuage or Tenement in the County of Middlesex, wish the Appurtenances, devised by the Will of Mary late Duchess of Northumberland, in Trullees, to enable them to sell and convey the same to the lady Jane Coke, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Ellate, to be settled to the Uses appointed by the said Will, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

- Sir John Cnjlreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Reversion of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of in Trust for Richard Crowle Esquire, in Exchange for Houses and I ands near his Majesty’s Palace at kVindfor, and for other Considerations to be paid for the same, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feveiully put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

16 -

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom Hawlii>*

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the open and common Jndcfure. Fields within the Manor and Parish of Hazv/ing, in the County 0 fG/ouce/tcr, was committed, That the Committed

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be' ingrossed.

Mr. Amyand presented to the House, according to Sandwich Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the Water or Bri£, Se* Haven between the Town of Sandwich, and Stoncre, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Grijfin reported from the Committee, to whom Br.fi ng.'loke, the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Baf.ng- &c-/take, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch,

Pryors, Andover, and Middle IVal/ep, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Led comb Corner, in the Parish of IVinlerJloio, in the County of /Vi/ts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed. That Mr. Rozve, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to (heir Orders,

An Account of all British and Irt/hLinens exported Aeccount from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland 10 the

British ^OTKi'

Account U Wnalc Fill*.

indie o.

Ditto.

British

Liming

Flfctry,

28 Geo. II. Martii. -191 "

British Colonics and Plantations in America, from Christ-said Act of the 23d of his fata Majesty, provided such

mas 1740, to Christmas 1753; didingnishing each Year, Vessels do take their Departure for such respective Places and the Species of such Linens: And also, of Rendezvous at least Ten Days before the respective

An Account of foreign Whale Fins imported and ex- Days in and by the said last-nrtentioned Act named and ap-ported to and from that Part of Great Britain called is cot- pointed for their being at such respective Places of Ren-land, with the Duties and Drawbacks paid thereon, for dezvous; and that the said Vessels be fitted out, mail Re-Ten Years, ending at Chrijbnas 1 *75 3: And also, spefts, conformable to the Regulations of the said Act.

An Account of all Indico imported into that Part of RThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, Great Britain called Scotland, from foreign Parts, for Ten That, in the Absence of the Governor, President, and Years last pad; distinguishing each Year: And also, Vice President, of the said Society, from any Meeting of

An Account of all the Indico imported into that Part the Court of the Council of the said Society, the Mem-of Great Britain called Scotland, from the British Colonies bers then present being at the least Seven in Number, be in America, for Seven Years last pa ft; distinguishing each at Liberty to chule One of their Number to preside for Year, and also what Part thereof received the Bounty. that Time in such Court of the Council; and that all Acts And then he withdrew. done by such Court of the Council be as good and valid,

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Governor, Presideftt,

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, or Vice President, or One of them, had been present at to be perused by the Members of the House. such Court of Council.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Papers of this Selhon. time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

Mr. Alderman Bethel/, according to Order, reported O, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it suant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman was referred to consider of the Petition of the Society of Bethell, Sir John Philipps, the Lord Mr. North? Free British Fishery, the Resolutions, which the Com- they, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. , Mr. Chancellor

mittee had directed him to report to the House; which of the Exchequer, Mr. Alderman Mr. Alder-

he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the man Richard , and Sir James ,do prepare.

Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and are as and bring in, the fame, followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr,

That the Payment of the Interest of £. 3 per Centum per Burroug

Annum, on the Sum of £. 104,509, computed from the Mr. Speaker,

11th Day of October 1750, to the 22c! Day of October The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kenilworth 1752, made to the Petitioners by the Commissioners of for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Iaclosure* his Majesty’s CuHorns, under the Act of his present Ma- Pastures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the jesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Parish of Kenilworth, in the County of , with-

British White Herring Fishery, shall be deemed a good out any Amendment: And also, and valid Payment; and that the said society shall not be The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kingston liable to any Deduction from, or Reimbursement of, the for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, fe-laid Sum, or any Part thereof. veral Acts of Parliament relating to the Maintenance and °°

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Employment of the Poor of the Town of Kingston upon That ali future Computations of Interest, payable to the Hull-, and for better paving, preserving, and cleansing, the Society of the Free British Fishery, in respect of any ad- Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Alleys, in the said Town, ditional Sums already paid in, or hereafter to be paid in, and preventing Obstructions therein; and for preserving over and above the said £. 104,509, ought to be made the Lamps which shall be set up to enlighten the Streets from the Day or Days on which each Sum respectively of the said Town, and securing the Property of such was, or shall be, paid into the Bank of England, in order Lamps to the Owners; without any Amendment: And to be expended or employed in the said Fisheries. also,

Resolved, 'I hat it is the Opinion of this Committee, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Chndleigh’* That so much of the said Act asdirefts, that no Transfer confirming and establishing the Partition of the Estates fcH*tes-shall be made of any of the Stock or Share of or in the late of Sir George Chndleigh and Dame Frances his Wife,

.Sum of £ 500,000, directed by the said Act to be the Tryphena and John Poll exfen Esquire, and for set-

capital Stock of the Society of the free British Fishery, tling the several specific Shares thereof resulting from the for the Space of Five Years, from the Dare of their said Partition, to and for the several Uses and Purposes for Charter, be continued for the Space ot Seven Years from which the several undivided Parts thereof were veiled and and after the Expiration of the said Term ol Five Years. settled before the said Partition; and for authorizing Lcales Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, to be made of divers Parts of the Premises: To which That the Allowance of £. 3 per Centum, and the Bounty the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. of 30J. per Ton, granted by the said Act to the said So- And then the Messengers withdrew, cieiy, shall be paid to them yearly, for and during the

Space of Three Years, from the Expiration of the Four- Ordered, That the Instruction given to the Committee teen Years limited by the said Act. of Privileges and Elections, upon Saturday the 8th Day

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of February fall, for hearing, this Day, the Matter of the That the Petitioners be at Liberty to let out to Hire to Petition of Esquire, complaining of an undue

any private Persons any of their Bulfes, to be employed Eieftion and Return for the Borough of Reading, in the in the said Fishery only, under such Regulations and County of Berks, be discharged.

Rftlriftions as the Petitioners are subject to.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported from That the Petitioners be at Liberty to sith in any Part of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ^s^nd* the narrow Seas. repeal 1b much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the m co 3

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

That the Petitioners ought not to be liable to a Forfeiture An Act for taking away and abolishing the heretable Ju-of the Bounty of 30X. per 'For., given by the said Act, rifdiftions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in rel pest only of their not arriving at One of the Places by and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and the said Act appointed for the Rendezvous of the Vessels forreftoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and formak-employed in the said Fishery, on the Days for that Pur- ingmoie clfeftual Provihon for the Administration of Juf-pose named and appointed by an Act of the 26th of his ,tice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom by the present Majesty, made for explaining and amending the King’s Courts and Judges there; ^nd for obliging all Per-Vot. 27. fons

Reading

Eie&km,

Heritable

193

5

Martii.

A. 175 c-

Wliaic Fill) cry.

Papists* Wilis, &c.

Christ’t

Hospital

Exchange

with

Leman.

Expiring

Laws.

Tons acting as Procurators, Writers, or Agents in the Law, in Scotland, to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union'of the Two Kingdoms more complete; as drafts, That, after the End of Seven Years, from and after. the 35th of March 1748, the Offi ces of Sheriff Depute and Stewart Depute shall be granted and held ad Vitam ant Culpam; was committed, the Amendments, which

the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, . refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hard-inge, Mr. Brajfey, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. More, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fane, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Charlton, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John

Cull, Mr Prowse, Mr. Bridgman, Colonel Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Caley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hanbury, Sir Wm. Beauchamp TroElor, Mr. Hay, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Fellowes, Os. Hay, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fowney, Mr. Lifer, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Kent, Mr. Willes} Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Osbaldeston, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pozvlett, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Grey, Colonel

Griffin, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Walter, Sir Lionel Pilkington,

Mr. Amxand, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Phillipson, Lord Downe, Mr. Finch; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the . Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ipgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ' for exchanging of Lands between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of Chri/l's Hospital, and John Leman Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Gore do carry the Bill to ‘ the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire wh^t Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which ' of them axe fit to be revived or continued. That the Committee had, inquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him tore-port to the House; which he read his Place; and after-, wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and arp as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the llcign of his present Majesty, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the ftt igu of his present Majesty, for the better preventing

Thefts and Robberies; and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping dil-orderly Houses; is near expiring, and lit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the Twenty-icventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue several Laws relating to the Distenrpcr now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon JMonday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Floufe.te resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conllder further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the wh le House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the buying, felling, or offering to Saie, any Game, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse have Leave to make a Motion; it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the Partit ion of the Estates Tate of Sir George Chud/eigh, and Dame Frances his Wife, Tryphena Davie, and John Pollexfen Esquire, and for settling the several specific Shares thereof resulting from the said Partition to and for the several Uses and Purposes for which the several undivided Parts thereof were vested and settled before the said Partition; and for authorizing Leases to be made ot divers Parts of the Premises; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And tlieu the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Scpply.

Ways arid Mean,

Game

Lawi.

Preservati?:

of

Hgh'UVJ,

&e.

ClurTift*

Elbtw-

.. s

i8 Geo. II.

a

u

Jottis, 6° Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

Cradling’s /ORDERED, That Sir John Philipps be added to the Mates. V Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Sir Thomas Stradling Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of Glamorgan and for discharging In-

cumbrances affecting the fame, and for a Division and Settlement of other Part thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

BorongH- The Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attended, according bridge to Order, with the lull Return of a Burgess to serve in Writ" this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of York.

And the said Return being read;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bin the County of York, in the Room of John Fuller Esquire, deceased.

Leeds Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com-t(* mittee, to whom the Bill for the amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads from the Town of in

Roads, the Welt Ridings of the County of York, to Ottley, in the same Riding, and from thence through Skipton, in the same Riding, to Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from thence through Burnley and Blackburn to Bridge in Walton, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skip! on aforesaid, through Gijbnrn and Clitheroe, to

ion, i n the County of Lane after \ and from Skipton aforesaid to Car per by, in the North Riding of the County of York-, is committed.

Dochefc An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act of for veiling a Copyhold Messuage or Tenement in the Nt7'!7ber* County of A liddlesex, with the Appurtenances, deviled Eflare. by the Will of Mary late Duchess of Northumberland,

in Trustees, to enable them to sell and convey the same to the Lady Jane Cuke, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses Appointed by the said Will; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Debtors. Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of inlol-Vent Debtors was committed.

Sir John Philipps accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Conlidef-ation upon Monday Morning next.

Edinburgh The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Roads. Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, of the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the high Roads in tire County of Edinburgh to and from the City of Edinburghand from Crammond Bridge to the Town of Queen's Ferry, in the County of

gow, and for making the said Act more effectual; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed Vol. 27*

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second time, one by one; and; upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. t A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Qualification of the Trustees:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for taking Security of the Treasurer:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon he Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the several Persons; whole Names are Bentham, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and &c-read; taking notice of the Bill depending in the House *nclosure* for dividing and inclosing Bentham Moor, in the County of Turk-, and alleging. That the Petitioners are Owners of Lands and Tenements adjoining to the said Moor, and have Right of Common thereon for Sheep and other Cattle; and that, should the said Bill pass into a Law, the Property of the Petitioners will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, or that they may have such Relief as to the House shall lecni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom IbbetWs

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the entailed Estate of Sir Henry Ibbelfon,

Baronet, and veiling other Part thereof in him in Fee-simple; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled toge-

o

ther with feme other Lands whereof he is feiled in Fe|, in lieu of the Lands so to be sold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

P. 1. L. i. After "in," insert "his." e

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Crowle’s Reversion of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Exchange County of York, in Trull for Richard Esquire, withtoe in Exchange for Houses and Lands near his Majesty’s Crown. Palace at Windsor, and for other Confederation to be

paid for the same, was read the Third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Reversion of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, in Trull for Richard Crowle Esquire, in Exchange for Houses and Lands near his Majesty’s Palace at and for other Consideration to be paid for the same.

Ordered, That Sir John Gift do carry the Bill to the Lords> and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, pursuant to MwSure

their Address to his Majesty, of

3 D N° 1. Po-.Arti.

Rochdale,

&c.

Road.

Colne,

&c.

Road.

Rochdale,

&c.

Road.

Fremeaux*

Nat.

Oxford

County

£if&k>n.

194 6° Martii. A. 1755.

N* t. topv of Itic Letter from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated the 29th of March, 1754, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on Mr. s Pro-

posal relating to Pot Alh.

N° 2. Copy of his Majesty’s Warrant, 5th of June 1754, for advancing to 'Thomas Stephens £.1,000 for his Service and Expence in discovering the Method of making Pot Alh in the Colonies in America.

N° 3. Proposals Of Mr. John and Mr. John

Thomlhtfdn, Merchants* in behalf of Mr. Thomas Stephens,

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition Of Thomas Stephens is referred.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Land Owners, living in, or in the Neighbourhood of, AJkrig and Hawes, Two Market Towns in the North Riding Of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That the Bills depending in the House, One for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the county of ; and the other for

widening and repairing the Road leading from Colne, in the County of Lancaster, to Long ,in the County of York, and from Settle, in ti e laid County of York, through Horton Parish in Ribblej to the West End or

Camm, lb as to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lancaster to Richmond -, may pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Augustus Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. John Calvert, Mr-Evelyn, Mr. Martin, Mr. , Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Cornetdnll, Mr. LewisWation, Sir John Gast, Mr. Alderman Bet hell, Mr. Dashwood King, be added to the Committee, to Whom ihc Bill for widening and repairing the Roads from Colne, in the County of Lancaster, to L&ng Preston, in the County of York; and from Settle, in the said County of York, through Horton Parish in V Xibbkfdaleto the West End of Camm, in the County of York, so as to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lancaster to Richmond; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Augustus Pitt, Mr. Edward Walter, Mr. George Hamilton, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Mr. Watson, Mr. John Calvert, Sir John Cufi, Mr Evelyn, Mr. Alderman Bet hell, Mr. Dashwood King, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Landtfier-, is committed.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Fremeaux, Merchant, a naturalized Subject of Great yahi, and Margaret Fremeaux his Wife, a hatural-borh Subject of Great Britain, for and on the behalf of Peter John Fremeaux their only Son, Adriana Constantia yniaux, Elizabeth Fremeaux, Maria Fremeaux,

-and Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux, their Four Daughters, who are all Infants, born out of the Allegiance of Britain, before the Naturalization of the Petitioner their Father, which was presented to the House upon Thursday the 16th Day of January last, and then ordered to He upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hardinge and Mr. Thornhagh do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

'1 he House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

20

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for th'e Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner Baronet examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the Lord Wenman and Sir James "Dashwood Baronet, as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freehold for which he voted.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Ten other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood; Three as not having been* for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freeholds for which they voted; One as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 405. per Annum; Two as not being assessed to the Land Tax for a Freehold of the Value of 40 s.per Annum % One as being a Leaseholder; and the other Three, as not being afielfed to the Land Tax.

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, as not being a He fled to the Land Tax, and as not having any Freehold in the said County.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Seven other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood; Two as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 j. per num; One as not being a IT. fled to the Land Tax for a Freehold of the Value of 40 per Annum; One as not having any Freehold at all in the said County; Two as being Leaseholders; and the other as not being assessed to the Land Tax.

They also produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, as not having any Freehold in the said County.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Fifteen other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood; Four as not being airdTed to the Land Tax; Four as not being assessed to the Land Tax, and as not having any Freeholds in the respective Places where, at the time of the said Election, they fworc their Freeholds did lie; One as being a Leaseholder; One as not having any Freehold in the Place where, at the time of the said Election, lie lvvore his Freehold did lie; Five as not having Freeholds in the said County of the Value of 40:. per Annum; and the other as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freehold for which he claimed to vote.

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dajlnvood, as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freehold for which he voted.

Arid then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Ward, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Northey, Mr. Foley, Sir John Philipps, Lord North, Mr. Martin, Lord Digby, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Lowndes, Mr Palmer, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Sir

John Cust, Colonel Whitmore, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Lee, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Harvey, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Harley, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. More, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, rtiade in the 2d and 17th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from in the County of Warwick, through the City of

field,

CoIelW'

throngl*

Litchfield

RuaJ-

o

2$ Geo. II.

field, to Slone, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chestier; and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers in the said several Acts; is committed.

And theh the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine Of the Clock.

Veneris, die M.artii;

Anno 28® Georgii II4* Regis, 1755. Prayers.

Soothwirk Q IR John Barnard reported from the Committee, to

Market, tj whom the Bill to prevent the Holding of any Market for the future in the high Street of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause B,the last Amendment, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, the last Amendment, for preventing Obstructions in the high Street between London Bridge and St. Margaret's Hill, by Hackney Coaches, Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages, Handing in the said Street, being read a Second time;

Ti e House was moved, That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled (which was presented to the House upon Thursda the 16th Day of January last); and also the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Saviours in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others of the Inhabitants of the said Parish (which was presented to the House upon Saturday the First Day of February last); might be again read:

And the same were read accordingly.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Cocking Sir Conyers D' Arcy reported from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from Cocking End, near Addinghctm, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Found the same to be true; And that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report'm his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then A Second time, one by one; and (except One of them, which was disagreed to) were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agn ed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

British The Lord Royston reported from the Committee, to Mofewn. whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Montagu House in Trustees, and their VoL. 27.

Heirs, freed and discharged from all the Estates, Uses, and Agreements, to which at present it Hands limited and appointed, upon Trail, to convey the same to the Trustees of the British Museum, for a general Repository, and upon such other Trulls as therein are mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingfofied Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Berkeley’* to impower the Executors of Augustus lare Earl of Berkeley Eftat* to make Leases of his Estates in GIouc eft erf tire during the Minority of his Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeleys Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr; ,

Mr. Prowse, Sir Edmund lftiam. Sir Charles

Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Eger ton, Lord Dupp/iu, Mr. Kynaftoni

Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hay, Mr. Dr ax,

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Croivle, Mr. Loimdes, Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Powney, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Bankes, Mr;

Foley, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Symmonds, Mr. V, Mr. Mr. Compton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. , Lord

Barrington, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sloper, Colonel Cornwallis,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Pkilipps, Sir William Irby, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr.

Hanbury, Mr. Balhurst, Nix. Lifter, Mr. Grey, Mr. Amy-and, Mr. Cocks, Sir Lionel Pilkingion, Mr. Whichcot, Sir

George Lee, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Eiliot, Mr.

Torke, Colonel Bofcawen, Sir William Meredith, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, and Sussex: And they are to' meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hampden’* for veiling certain Houses and Tenements at Wendover,i Dhte: in the County of Bucks, late the Estate of John Hampden Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase-money in such manner as the Residue of his personal Estate is by his Will directed to be applied; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Olmius,

Lord Dupplin, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ky-

nafton, Mr. Lyster, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Vyner i Mr. Amyand, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Crcffe,

Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Locke, Lord Carysfort, Mr Mr. Sandys, Sir William Meredith, Colonel Whitmore,

Sir John Cust, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lifter, Mr.

Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Torke, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Beckford,

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Willes, Mr. Potter, Mr. Northey, Mr.

Sloper, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Tuckfield, Lord Verney, Mr. Morton, Colonel

Bofcawen, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Lee, Mr.'

Stanley, Mr Kent, Mr Bayntun, Mr. Serjant, Mr. Gajkry;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Berks, Bedford, and Oxford: And they are to* meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living near, or travelling on, the Road betwixt Leeds and Ottley, in the County of York, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill-depending in the House for amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads from the Town o in the West

Riding of the County of York, to in the fame

Riding, and from thence through Skipton, in the said Riding, to Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from thence through Burnley and Blackburn to Burfcovgh Bridge in Wdton, in the County of Lancaster, and from

Leeds

to

Ottley,

&c.*

Road*.

lOogh

Buildings in Dean’* Yard, iVe ft minder

k

Morice’s

Leafing.

Marfk

Incicfurerf

196 7 Martii.A. 1755*

Skipton to Prftou, in the said County of Lancaster; and 'alleging, That if a Branch was to be repaired from the North End of Ccohidge Lane, in the said Road between Leeds and Ottley, through Bram, to the Town of Pool

(which is not more than Two Miles in Length), so as to join the Turnpike Road at Pool Bridge, it would open an easier Communication between Leeds and Ripon, and the several Towns near the said Roads, and be of great Advantage to that Part of the County: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the said Branch, in such manner is to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident! ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Prowse, Sir

Charles KemysTynte, Sir (Valter Blackett, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Armine IVodehouse, iMr. Cartwright, Mr. Banker, Sir

John Cust, Mr. Kynajlcn, Mr. Bagoi, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Powney, Mr. FeHowes, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Morton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Sir John Barrington, Mr. SMr. Mr.

Salv.jhury, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sir John

Crojfe, Lord Vcrney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumber-dand, Westmor eland, and Lane a And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

the Bill for the inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the common Fields, common Meadows, and other Grounds, in the Townships of Marfk and Redcarr, in the Manor of Marfk in Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for providing a certain Recompence to the Vicar of Marjk, in lieu of his Tythes, and ti e greatest Part of his Glebe, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except John Hartfurth, who is Owner of about Two Acres and Three Roods in the said Fields, and except William Richardson, who is Owner of about Four Acres and Three Roods in the said Fields, in Right of his Wife, for Life only. Remainder to William DaMfon, who, having been applied to, made no Objection to the Bill, but refuted to sign the same; and except George Hill, who is Owner of about Three Acres and Two Roods in the said Fields) j and that the whole Lands of the several Proprietors in the said Fields consist of about 1,480 Acres; and that none of the said Parties appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Biii> with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

.A Petition of (he Churcluvafdcns, Vestrymen, and other Inhabitants, of the united Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, in the City of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of thern-firlves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes, ivas presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill depending in the House to enable the Reverend William Markham, Doctor of Law’s, Fhotnas Sailer Esquire, and others, to build Houses, and open a Square, in and upon a certain Piece of Ground called Dean’s Yard, Westminster, and several Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto; and alleging, that in the said Bill are contained several Clauses which will greatly affect the Rights of the Petitioners, in cate the same should pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may have Liberty to be heard by themselves.orCounlel.against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Rights, Interest, and Claims, of the Petitioners, or have such other Relief in the Premisesas to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an tnflruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Kyitafion reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and making more effectual a Power contained in the Wil of Sir William Morice Baronet, for making Leases of his several Estates in the Counties of Devon and Corirwall, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the-Clerk’s Table.-

Mr. Reynolds reported from the Committee, to whom

An ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking away and abolishing the hcretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction, to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom by the King’s Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers, or Agents in the Law, in Scotland, to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete,) as enacts, that, after the End of Seven Years from and after the 25 th of March 1748, the Offices of Sheriff Depute and Stew'art Depute (half be granted and held ad out cu/pam; was read the Third time.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act: concerning the Offices of Sheriff Depute and Stewart Depute in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter John Adriana Constantia Fremeaux, Elizabeth Maria

Catharina Fremeaux, and Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux, who are all Infants under the Age of Eighteen Years: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for enlightening the Streets and Lanes, and regulating the Pavements, in the Town of£, , in the County of York, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. L. 17. After " Cross," to insert " upon pain " of forfeiting, for every such Offence, the Sum of Five " Shillings."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved,

Heretable Juri (dictions in Scotland*

Fremeaux’s

Nat.

Leeds Streets, &c.

28 Geo. II. fMartiu

Resolved, That the Bill do pass ‘ And that the Title be, An Act for enlightening the Streets and Lanes, and regulating the Pavements, in the Town of in the County of York*

Ordered, That the Lord Dow do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Smkey

Broofc

Navigation.

Chudlngh

Bridge,

vVc.

Rond.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

IVaple:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for making navigable th.- River or Brook called Brook, and the Three several Blanches thereof, from the River Mersey, below Sankey up to Broadman S

Stone Bridge, on the South Branch, to Gerrard's Bridge

on the Middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge on the North Branch thereof, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster;and also for adjusting the Measure of Coal to be brought down t he laid River or Brook, and fold within the Town of Liverpool, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Bridge, in the Pari ill of Hennoc, in the County of De-

through the Town ami Borough of , to

von

laiincclton Poor, &c.

fcittotonifw,

London, Will'll and Lighting.

Market

Harborog,

fcc.

Road.

Bristol

Ni^huy

Witcn

Ki'ktiam'i

Lltaies.

Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County, without any Amendment: An J ail'o.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relict and Employment of the Poor of the Borough of Dunheved otherwise and Parish

of St. Mary Magdalen, in the County of Cornwall, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better enlightening and ch anfing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lines, Alleys. PafTuges, and Counts, within the Parish of St. Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish, without any Amendment: And also, . The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act h, for repairing ard widening the Road from the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry, without any Amendment: And also, The Lordi have agreed to die Bill, intituled, An Act for eftahiifliing, maiiitatni:g,andwe!l-g--verning a nightly Watch, within the City of Bristol, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have pa fled a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the lettled Estates of Francis Kirkham Esquire, and Da marts ms \\ife, i n Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Incumbiances aflodting the same prior to their Marriage Settlement; and forlaying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Land-, to be settled to ?he Ulesof the same Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

\ Toiler An ingrossed Bill for amending and widening the Road G«c, from the West End of Toiler Lane, near Bradford, j^l through Haworth, in the County of to a Place

calied Blue Bell near Coln, in the County of Lancaster; and from a Place calied the Two to and

from a Place called Swine Lane End to the Town of , in the said County of Yorwas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the

West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne, in the County of Lavcofler; and from a Place called the Two Lazos to Kighley, in the said County of York.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Uffleft A Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, Grafiers, "d and Breeders of Cattle, in the County of Warwick, in uin<ed&7 behalt of themselves, and others the Farmers, Grafiers, ®s’ and Breeders of Cattle, in this Kingdom: And also,

Vol. 47.

A Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, Grafiers* and Breeders of Cattle, in the County of in be-;

half of themselves, and others the Farmers, Grafiersi and Breeders of Cattle, in this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of several Freeholders, Farthers, Grafiers, and Breeders of Cattle, in the County of in behalf of themselves, and others the Farmers, Grafiers, and Breeders of Cattle, in this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, Grafiers, and Breeders of Cattle, in the County of Norfolk, in ber half of themselves, and others the Farmers, G rafters, and Breeders of Cattle, in this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of K veral Freeholders, Farmers, Grafiers* and Breeders of Cattle, in the County of in be-

half of themselves, and others the Farmers, Grafiers, and Breeders of Cattle, in this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of several Freeholders, Farrhers, Grafiers, and Breeders of Cattle, in the County of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and others the Farmers, Grafiers, and B eeders of Cattle, in this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, Grafiers, and Breeders of Cattle, in the County of Leicester, in behalfof themselves, and others the Farmers, Gfaliers, and Breeders of Cattle, in this Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, Grafiers, and Breeders of Catt'e, in the County of Lincoln, ir>-be+ half of themselves, and others the Farmers, Grafiers, and Breeders of Cattle, in this Kingdom;

Were severally presented to the House, and read j complaining of Mischiefs occasioned by the great Number of Dogs now kept, and foffered to go at large, in this Kingdom: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to avoid and prevent Inconveniencies, Damages, and Mischief--, occasioned by the Multiplicity oif useless and unnecessary Dogs, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill lor continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Wrhale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to African resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Company' considerof the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africand of the several other Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating tothe African Trade;

' Resolved, That this House will, upon IVednfday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whoso House, to consider of the said Petition, and of the said several Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were severally ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon fVednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That isaac Newton Esquire do attend the said Committee at the same time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Gam*

whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend a *‘aw*

Clause in an Act. made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the betterPreservation of the Game, in relation to the buying, felling or offering to Sale, any Game, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Preftrvation next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, . to consider further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in ^ghway^ the a6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and Turnpike Roads of thi$King-3 E dem.

Ufeleft

and

unneceflity

Dogs.

Ditto.

Ditto*

Ditto*

Ditto.

Ditto<

Ditto.

Whale

Fishery.

t$8 70 — 8° — i6° A. 1755-'

dom, and for the taorc effectual Execution of the Laws relating the reto* and to enforce the Execution of the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir John Molesworth have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And, KirUtam'i An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate*. for veiling Fart of the settled Estates of Francis Kirkkam , Esquire, and Damaris his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same prior to their Marriage Settlement; and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be let-tied to the Ufesof the same Settlement; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati,8° Martii;

Anno 28* Georgii Hdl Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

THE Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Cy the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an n* undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward turner Baronet, examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Nineteen other Persons, who voted for the Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood Baronet; One as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 j. per Annum, and as not being assessed to the Land Tax; Three as not being assessed to the Land Tax, and as not having any Freehold at all In the said County; Four as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Eieftion, in Possession of the Freeholds for which they voted; Four as not being assessed to the Land Tax for a Freehold of the Value of 40 per num; Two as being Leaseholders; Two as not having any Freeholds at all in the said County; and the other Three as net having Freeholds in the said County of the Value of 40 s. per Annum.

And a Witness having been examined, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, as not having a Freehold in the said County of the V alue of 40 s. per Annum; The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. They were again called in.

And another Witness was examined, in order to prove, that the Freehold, for which the said last mentioned Person voted at the said Eieftion, was not of the Value of 40;. per Annum.

Then the Counsel for the said Lord Parker and Sir Edward turner examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Four other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood; One as not being assessed to the Land Tax, and as not having any Freehold in the Place where, at the time of the said Eieftion, he swore his Freehold did lie; Two as not being assessed to the Land Tax, and as not having any Freeholds at all in the said County; and the other as not being assessed to the Land Tax for a Freehold of the Value of 40 Atmum.

They also examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 s. per Annum.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Three other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James; One as not having

been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before

the said Eieftion, in Possession of the Freehold for which he voted; One as not being assessed to the Land Tax, and as not having any Freehold at all in the said County; and the other as not being in Possession of the Freehold for which he voted.

They also produced Evidence, and examined a Witness, in order to disqualify another Person, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, as not having any Freehold at all in the said County.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Nine other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood \ One as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 s. per Annum; Three as not being assessed to the Land Tax; One as not being in Possession of the Freehold for which he voted; Two as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Eieftion, in Possession of the Freeholds for which they voted; One as not having any Freehold at all in the said County; and the other as not being assessed to the Land Tax for a Freehold of the Value of 40 s. per Annum.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again di-rested to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 1 o° die Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ChudlHgh’i for confirming and establishing the Partition of the ElUto. Estates late of Sir George Chudleigh and Dame Frances his Wife, tryphena Davie, and John Poliexfen Esquire, and for settling the several specific Shares thereof resulting from the said Partition to and for the several U its and-Purposes for which the several undivided Parts thereof were veiled and settled before the said Partition; and for authorizing Leases to be made of divers Parts of the Premises; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowje,

Mr. Hayes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Ojbaldeston, Mr. thornhagh, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Curzon, Sir John,

Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fellow Sir Roger New-

digate. Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr. Wilkin

son, Mr. Baoot, Mr. Torke, Mr. Sir Francis

Poole, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Wat Jon, Mr. Barrow, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Courtenay, Sir chard Warwick Bampfylde, Sir John Molesworth, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Lane, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. trifi, Mr. Henley, Mr. Grey, Mr. Mr.'

Amcotts, Lord Granby, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Mr. townshend, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Guljlou, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Drax, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who servefor the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, , Dor-

Jet, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for building a Bridge over the Water or Haven Sandwich between the Town of Sandwich, and Stonore, in the County ‘dj*. of Kent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Pitrcy Brett, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Calvert, Mr. CUvland, Mr. Mr.

Charlton, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. George Amyand,

Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hanger, Mr. kinjon, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Gore, Mr. thornhagh, Mr.

Sir John Cujt, Mr. Fane, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Hay, Sir Nicholas Bay ley, Mr. OJbaldeftan, Mr. Barrow, Lord Carysforf, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Caley, Mr.

Ward,

NortWeigh*!

*c.

Estates.

Ufelcls

and

uoneceilary

Dogs.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Morice’s

Leafing.

Hawling

Inclosure.

j ^-dinburgh Roads.

28 Geo. II. 10° Martii. 199

Ward, Mr. Tovonshend, Mr. Barbor, Mr Kynafon, Mr. granted by an Act of the 24th Year of his present Ma«

Potter, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Northey, Marquis of Granby, jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the high

I.ord Verney, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Curztm, Mr. Roads in the County of Edinburgh toand from the City

Trijf, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Wat- of Edinburgh, and from Bridge to the Townof

pole, Mr. Gajhry; and all the Members who serve for the Queen's in the County of Linlithgoiv , and for

Counties of Kent, Surrey, Sussex, and the Cinque Ports: making the (hid Ad more effectual; was read the Third

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, time.

in the Speaker’s Chamber. Resolved That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom by an Act of the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s theingrofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the high Roads establishing and confirming a Partition of the Estates late in the County of Edinburgh to and from the City of of Stephen Northleigk Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, Edinburgh, and from Crammond Bridge to the Town of Susannah Yarde Widow, Dame Frances Chudleigh, and Queen's Ferry, in the county of ; and for

Tryphena Davie Spinster, and for settling the several spe- making the said Act more effectual. cific Shares and Allotments thereof upon, and for the Be- Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry nefit of, the several Parties intitled to the several urci- the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, vided Shares of the said Estates before the said Partition j

and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was commit- Ordered, That Mr. Affleck, Sir Robert Lord Bm'Wing*

ted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations Barnard, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Julines Beckford, Lord ,n

of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Mr. Alderman Richard Beckford, Mr. Harley, the Mar- yycftmingtt

Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to quis of Carnarvon, Mr. Henley, Mr. Richard Chet-

the Satisfaction of the Committee j and that the Commit- wynd. Lord Hobart, Mr. Lord Howe,

tee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, the Master of the Rolls, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr.

without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in Mr. Leigh, Sir John Hinde Mr. Baptist Leveson

at the Clerk’s Table. Gower, Mr. Courtenay, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr.

Sir Ralph Milbank, Mr. Asheton Curzon, Captain Mon-A Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, Graders, son. Sir George Dalfon, Mr. Edward Wort ley Montagu, and Breeders of Cattle, in the County of Huntingdon, in Mr. Francis Blake Mr. Mr. John

behalf of themselves, and others the Farmers, Graders, Delaval, Mr. Robinson, Lord Digby, Sir Thomas Mostyn, and Breeders of Cattle in this Kingdom: Andalfo, Mr. Drake, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Dummer, Mr.

A Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, Graders, Pelham, Mr. Earle, Mr. Foley, Mr. Edward Finch, Sir and Breeders of Cattle, in the County of Lancaster, in Lionel Pilkington, Mr. William Finch, Lord behalf of themselves, and others the Farmers, Graders, Lord Gage, Mr, Rice, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Ridley, Mr. and Breeders o# Cattle, in this Kingdom: Andalfo, Grey of Bridgenorth, Mr. Secretary Mr. Grof-

Another Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, Gra- venor. Captain Scott, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Stone, Mr. Wat-iiers, and Breeders of Cattle, in the County of Lancaster, son, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr. Anson, be added

in behalf of themselves, and others the Farmers, Gra- to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the reve-fiers, and Breeders of Cattle, in this Kingdom; rend William Markham Doctor of Laws, Thomas Salter

Were severally presented to the House, and read; com- Esquire, and others, to build Houses, and open a Square,' plaining of Mischiefs occassioned by the great Num- in and upon a certain Piece of Ground called Dean's ber of Dogs no v kept and suffered to go at large Yard, Westminster, and several Pieces of Ground con-in this Kingdom: And praying Relief in the Pre- tiguous thereto, is committed, mises.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be re- Ordered That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Cokbefter ferred to the Condderation of the Committee of the whole vilegesand Elections, touching the Election for the Bo- ^e<a,on’

House, to whom the Bill to avoid and prevent Inconve- rough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, be received

niences, Damages, and Mischiefs, occassioned by the Mul- upon Wednesday Morning next*

tiplicity of useless and unnecessary Dogs, is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to for explaining, and making more effectual, a Power con- consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be. tained in the Will of Sir William Morice Baronet, for now read.

making Leases of his several Estates in the Counties of De- And the said Order being read accordingly; von and Cornwall, was read the Third time. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. night, resolve itfelfinto the said Committees

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed The House was moved. That the Resolutions, which Whale to the fame, without any Amendment. upon Tuesday the 18th Day of February last, were reported' Filbcryv

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the open referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, and common Fields within the Manor and Parish of Haw- to whom the Petition of Thomas Hood, James Manby, and ling, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Thiid time. Leonard Merchants, was referred}

The Amendment following was proposed to be made 'and which Resolutions were then agreed to by the to the Bill; viz. House; might be read.

Pr. 7. L. 18. After " Court," to insert " Roll." And the feme being read accordingly;

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, examended at the Table accordingly. plaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and com- carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, is committed, That mon Fields within the Manor and Parish of Howling, in they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to enable, the County of Gloucester. the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to direct, if f

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the they think fit, the Payment of the Bounty to Thomas Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Hood, James Manby, and Leonard Bowles, Owners of

Three Ships properly fitted out for, and employed in An ingroiIed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers the Fishery in the Greenland Seas, which were there un- , 1

Vol. 27. avoidably

40©

i o° Martii.

x 7$ 5-

Expiring

Laws.

Blewitt*

E/late.

C- Inc, *c. Road.

British

Museum.

Colt's

Estate.

avoidably loft, which the said Ownerswould have been intitled to, in case the said Ships had performed their Voyage, and all other Matters required by Law.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or hear expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And the First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The Two other Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question fe-veraliy put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the Two last Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been agreed to by the House: And t hat Mr. Bacon, and Mr. Ridley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of the Act mentioned in the First Resolution of the said Committee, which hath been postponed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rectifying and supplying a Mistake and Omission in a Settlement made of the Estate of Mary Blewitt Widow, on the Marriage of Edmond her elded Son, and for settling the said Estate on his Ift'ue Male; and for railing Portions for his younger Brothers j was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Land Owners, living in, or in the Neighbourhood of, djkrig and HaivcsJMwo Market Towns in the North Riding of the County of York (which was presented to the House upon last, and then

ordered to lie upon the Table), might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening and repairing the Roads from , in the County of Lancufier, to Long Pre/lon, in the County of York;

and from Settle\nthe said County of York, through Horton

Parish, in Ribblesdale, to the West End of Camm, in the County of York, To as to join the Turnpike Road leading from Lancaster to Richmond; is committed.

An ingrafted Bill fr am the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Montagu House in Trustees, and their Heirs, freed

and discharged from aft the Estates, Uses, and Agreements, to which at present it Hands limited and appointed, upon Trust to convey the same to the Trustees of the British Museum, for a general Uepository, and upon such other Trusts as therein are mentioned, was read the Third time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Royston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

' A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Eld i

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Sir John Dutton Colt Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Incumbrances affecting the same; and for laying out the Surplus of the Monies arising by suchSale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses: To which the l<ord desire the Concurrence of this House.

40

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Mr. Probyn reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Sir Thomas Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of and So-

merfet, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for a Division and Settlement of other Part thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that t he Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bid for allowing further Time for fnrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papills, and for Relief of Protellant Purchasers, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Piacc, and afterwards delivered the Bill, wiih the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second rime, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through to

Baldersby Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ripon, and through Ainderby, Q_v.ernh.ozv, and field, by WellFlafhes Gate, to Masham, in the County of

York; and likewise for removing the Toll House and Turnpike Gates at Busby Stobbin the said County, to some other convenient Place in the Road leading from Boroughbridge to the City of Durham; was read the Third time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, through Baldersby, to Balder (by Gate, adjoining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ripon, and through Ainderby, and

field, by Well Flashes Gate, to Masham, in the County of York; and likewise for removing the Toll House and Turnpike Gates at Rufby Siobb, in the said County, to some other convenient Place in the Road leading from Borough-bridge to the City of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Conyers D'Arcy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for the inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the Common Fields, common Meadows, and ot her G rounds,i nt he Town Ih i psof Marjk and A with-

in the Manorof Marjk in Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for providing a certain Recompence to the Vicar of Marjk, in lieu of his Tythes and the greatest Part of his Glebe, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. l8. L. 15. After " Allotment," to inlert " and, " and, after "Exchange," to leave out "and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the common Fields, common Meadows, and other Grounds, in the Townships of Marjk and Redcarr, within the Manor of Marjk in Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for providing a certain Recompence to the Vicar of Marjk, in lieu of his Tythes and the greatest Part of his Glebe.

Ordered.

tradlingi

Eitaro.

Pipifts’ Wilis, &c.

ThiHk

to

Martini

Road.

Marsk

Inclosure.

Leeds to Ottley, Icc. Road.

Ufdefi

and unnecessary Dog t.

Debtor*.

, Game

Lawv

Preftrvatiojff

of

Highways,

&C.

a8 GEO. it; IO°----- il°

Ordered, That Mr. Reynolds do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence;

The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition offeveral of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living near, or travelling on, the Road betwixt Leeds and Ottley, in the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, is it appeared to them, to the House \ and he read the Report in his Place; anti afterwards delivered it In at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was readj and is as followeth , viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

limy Hitch Esquire, being examined, informed yotlr Committee, That he knows the Road from the North End of Cookridge Lane, in the Road between Leeds and

0 ttley, through Bramhope, to Pool, so as to join the Turnpike Road at Pool bridge: That the said Road is too narrow for Carriages, and out of Repair; and if it was to be repaired and widened, it would be of great Advantage to that Part of the Country.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads from the LOwn of , in the West Riding of the County of York, to Ottley, in the same Riding, and from thence, through Skipton, in the same Riding, to Colne, in the County of Laand from thence; through Burnley and Blackburn, to Burjcough Bridge in Walton, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton aforesaid, through Gisburn and Clitheroe, to Preston, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton aforesaid, to Carper by, in the North Riding of the County of York; is committed, That they kave Power to make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Korth End of Cookridge Lane, in the Road between Leeds and Ottley. through Bramhope, to Pool, so as to join the 'Turnpike Road at Poolbridge.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to avoid and prevent Inconvenientries, Damages, and Mischiefs, occasioned by the Multiplicity of useless and unnecessary Dogs j

Ordered, That it bean Instru<flion to "the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to prevent the dealing of Dogs.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report bs taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committeeof the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the buying, felling, or offering to Sale, any Game, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Tht other Order of the Day being read;

The House relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his prel’ent Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the La'vs relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act.

Mr. Speaker Jest the Chair.

Vol. 27.

Mariih 2d I

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley have Leave to make a Motion; it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Sir John Dutton Colt Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging several Incumbrances affecting the lame} and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, i i° Martii;

Anno 28* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1755.

Pray e'x. s.

AB I L Lto enable the Parishioners of the Parish of the Holy Trinity in Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, to fell divers Houses, Lands, Rerits, and Annuities, in the said Parish, and in Stoke next aforesaid, and to

apply the Money arising by Sale thereof towards rebuild* ing their Parish Church, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John well, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Salusbury, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Torke, Mr. Caley, Sir Lionel,

Mr. More, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Eger Mr. , Mr. Palmer, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Col, Mr. Great heed, Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Mr.

Cur ton, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Stoper, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mr. Richards,

Mr. Alderman Fludyer, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Harris, Mr. Keck, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Powney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, Kent, and Southampton, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled an Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates cl Francis Kirkham Esquire, and Damans his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same prior to their Marriage Settlement; and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement; was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Morton, Mr.

Faimer, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Colonel Haldane, Sir Robert Long, Sir Armine Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Belch ter. Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. More, Mr. Forrester, Mr. bon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay, Mr. Drake, Mr. Waring, Mr. Torke, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Grove, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Grey, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hill, Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Mr. Philipps, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Oft aid. defton. Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Calvert, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Harvey, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Anson, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Sym-monds, Mr. Powney, Mr. Alderman , Mr. Lee,

3 F Colonel

Colt*#

Estate.

Guldeford New Church,

Kirkham’t

Estates.

202 u° — 12 0 1755.

Colonel Griffin;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ufeleft A Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, Grafiers, and and Breeders of Cattle, in the County in behalf

unnecessary of themselves, and others, the Farmers, Gratiers, and I>ogs. Breeders of Cattle, in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Mischiefs occasioned by the great Number of Dogs now kept and suffered to go at large in this Kingdom: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to avoid and prevent Inconveniencies, Damages, and Mischiefs, occasioned by the Multiplicity of uleless and unnecessary Dogs, is committed.

Stradling’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. Sale of Part of the Estate late of Sir ’Thomas Ba-

ronet, deceased, in the Counties of Glamorgan and Somerset, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the dime, and for a Division and Settlement of other Part thereof; and forother Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pads.

Ordered, That Mr. Probyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Debtor*. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Conlidciation the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor Relief of insolvent Debtors was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the Hdufe to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofled.

Whale Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Fifticry. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament, made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself itito a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Oxford The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the County Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue EledioB. Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner Baronet, examined several WitnessTcs, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify Ten other Persons, who voted for the Lord and Sir fames

Dashwood Baronet; Seven as not having any Freeholds in the said County; One as not being act'efled to tire Land Tax fora Freehold of the Value of 40.1. per Annum; One as not being act'efled to the Land Tax, and as not being in Possession of tire Freehold for which he voted; and the other as receiving Alms, and as not being in Possession of the Freehold for which lie voted.

Th y also examined several Witnesses, in order to dif-qualify Sixteen other Persons, who voted for the said Lord - 21

Wenman and Sir James Dafhivood; Two as not being in

Possession of the Freeholds for which they voted; One as being a Leaseholder; Three as not being act'efled to the Land Tax; One as not being act'efled to the Land Tax, and as not having any Freehold in the said County; Two as not having any Freehold in the said County; Four as not being act'efled to the Land 'Fax, and as not having any Freehold in the Place where, at the time of the said Election, they (wore their Freeholds did lie; and the other Three as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40.1. per Annum.

And they having proposed to disqualify one other Pef-son, who voted for the said Lord Wand Sir James Dashwood, as not being act'efled to the Land Tax, and aa not having any Freehold in the Place where, at the Time of the said Election, he (wore his Freehold did lie;

And a Book, containing the Assessments to the Land Tax for the Year 1753, charged upon the Hundred df Banhury in the said County, being produced, and a Wit-ness having been examined in relation thereto;

The same Witness was examined, in order to prove that the Name of the said Person is not contained in the said Book.

And another Witness was examined, in order to prove that the said Person had not any Freehold in the Place where, at the Time of the said Election, he swore his Freehold did lie.

Then the said Counsel examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Ten other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood; Two as not

being afll-slid to the Land Tax, and as not having any Freehold in the said County; Two as having voted for the same House or Tenement; One as not being act'efled to the Land Tax, and as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 s. Four as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 per Annum; and the other as not being assessed to the Land Tax for a Freehold of the Value of 40 Annum.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to

withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and for the said double Return, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12* die Martii;

Anno 2S* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755.

Pray k u s.

SI R Conyers D' Arcy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bi'l, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amend-ments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and (except One of them, which was disagreed to) were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

The Lord Carysfortreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effc<ftual, Two Acts of Parliament, made in the ad and 17th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign,

RocMilt,

&c

Road.

Coidkill

thro’

Lite!:5M

Roitli.

C-

2 8 Geo. II. i i° Ma. v 203

for repairing the Roads from in the County of

Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Jier, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers in the said several Acts; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,‘-in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fol. 4. L. 8. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fol. 4. L 8. being read a Second time, was postponed.

The subsequent Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fol. 5. L. 8. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Que-f’ion severally put ‘thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fol. 5. L. 8. being read a Second t'rae, was postponed.

The subsequent Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as tar as the Amendment in Fol. 16. Line 12. being leveraily read a Second time, were upon the Question leveraily put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fol. 16. L. is. being read a Second Time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

1

7

j*

102.

Tellers for the:

rr, , r .1 kt i Colonel Tellers for the Notts,} M. Nkh, fm CahtrL

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Com rnittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then several Amendments wrere made to the Amendment in Fol. 4. L. 8. which had been postponed, the same containing a List of several Persons to be Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this Act in Execution, so far as the same extend to the Roads in the Counties of Staffordand Warwick.

And another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding the High Steward, Deputy Steward, and Bailiffs, of Burton upon Trent, to the said Trustees.

And the Question being put, That the High Steward, Deputy Steward, and Bailiffs, of Burton upon Trent, be other Trustees for putting this Act in Execution;

The House divided

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,} 43-

~ , r X- T Mr. Henr 7 Tellers for the Noes, {Mr. CocksJ 93-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then another Amendment was made to the said postponed Amendment.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in thts present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, Vol. 27.

in the room of Thomas Pitt F.squire, who, sincehis Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of his Majesty’s Three Chiltero Hundreds of Stoke, Defiborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Lyddell; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled; and also the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace assembled at their General Quarter Sessions, held at Durham on Wednesiday the 15th Day of January 1755, in and for the County Palatine of Durham; and also the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace assembled at their General Quarter Sessions, held at Morpeth, in and for the County of Northumberland, on Wednesiday the 15th Day of January, in the Year of our Lord 1755; and also the Petition of the Master, Pilots, and Seamen, of the nity Houfie in the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne -, and also the Petition of the Fishermen and Pilots inhabiting at Shields and Culler coats, near the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Governor and Stewards and Brethren of the Fraternity of the Hoaftmen of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne-, and also the Petition of the Chairman and Commissioners of the River Wear and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, W'ithin the Limits let forth in an Act of Parliament, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, assembled at a Meeting, pursuant to the said Act, on Monday the 27th Day of in the

Year of our Lord 1755, and also the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to the Ports of Shields and Sunderland: and also the Petition of the Owners and Mailers ol Ships belonging to the Town of Scarborough, in the County of York; and also the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships using the Coal Trade in the Port of London; and also the Petition of the Mailers and Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Whitby, in the County of York; and also the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships in the Town of Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk; were severally referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into & Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, relating to the African Trade;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition, and of the said several Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were severally ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Frida Morning next.

The

Colchester

Elc&ion.

Lyddell’* Ballad Mac bln 1.

Africa*

Company.

jitized by ^.

fi04 — Ij‘

The other Orderfc of the Day being read;

Wtyi Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Severt-and Meant, bight, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. fc"1* Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend a Claul'e, in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the llcign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the buying, felling, or offering to Sale* any Game, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 die;

Anno 28* Georgii II41 Regis, 1755. Praters.

gafiitgftokc, \ N ingrafted Pill for repairing and widening the Road /V from feafingstoke, through Wort in, Overton,

Roadt. church, tiurjhorn Prytrs, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Corner, in the Parish of Winter flow, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 34. After " to insert " Richard

" Bailey, Henry Knowles, Thomas Richard A,

"Cartwright, Amos Alder, John Brackstone

L. 35. To leave out " and, " and after Steward," to insert " and approved Men."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fe-Verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Road, from Ba-singstoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hurjborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterjlow, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Colonel Griffin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ltab The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to to whom the Bill for the amending, widening, and repairing, Otdey, the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding &c- of the County of York, to Ottley, in the same Hiding, and

oats' from thence, through Skipton, in the same Riding, to

Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from thence, through Burnley and Blackburn, to Bridge in

Walton, in the County of Lancaster-, and from Skipton aforesaid, through Gisburn and to Preston, in

the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton aforesaid to Carperby in the North Riding of the County of York; was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, Inhabitants, of the Town of Lancaster, referred to the Committee; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bril, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed. That Tome other Amendments are proper to be made to the Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the fad Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed,

Southwark An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Holding of any Market Market. for the future in the high Street of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

Martii \ A. 1755.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the Holding of any Market fof the future in the high Street of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taki ng into Con-f.deration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Lyddell, and also the Pet it ion oft he Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the down of New -cajlleupon Tyne, in Common Council, assembled; and also the Petition of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace assembled at their General Quarter Sessions, held at on

Wednesday the fifteenth Day of January 1755, in and for the County Palatine of Durham and also the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace affenibled at their Ge-heral Quarter Sessions, held at Morpeth, in and for the County of Northumberland, on the Fifteenth

Day of January in the Year, of our Lord 1755; and ado the Petition of the Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen, of the Trinity House in the Town and County of upon

Tyne-, and also the Petition of the Fishermen and Pilots inhabiting at Shields and Culler coats, near the Port of Newcajlie upon True, whole Names are thereunto sub-

feribed; and also the Petition of the Governor and Stewards and Brethren of the Fraternity of tire Hoatlmen. of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne-, and also the Petition of the Chairman and Commissioners of the River Wecrr and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Dur<-ham, within the Limits set forth in an Act of Parliament* passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, assembledat aMeeting, pursuant to the said Act, on Monday the 27th Day of January, in the Year of our Lord 1755; and also the Petition of the Owners and Mullers of Ships belonging to the Ports of Shields and Sunderland;and also the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships belonging to the Town of Scarborough in the County of York-, and also the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships using the Coal Trade in the Port of London-, and also the Petition of the Mailers and Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Whitby, in the County of Yorkand aito the Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships in the Town of Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk; were severally referred, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingV.

And the House being informed, That some of the Mattefs, mentioned in the said Petitions, are proper to be reconsidered;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petitions were referred.

A Bill for naturalizing Peter John Adriana

Constantia Fremeaux, Elizabeth Fremeaux, Maria Fremeaux, and Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux, who are all Infants under the Age of Eighteen Years, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Proitfe, Mr Coventry, Sir Charles Mr.

Martin, Mr. Sandy'S, Mr. G Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Calvert, Mr. TownjMr. Dicker, Mr. Watson, Mr. Caley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr.

Gore, Mr. day ton, Mr. Kync/tcn, Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

Lyjler, Mr. Yorke, Sir Jjtn CMr. Balter, Mr. bury. Colonel Lejlie, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr. Fa-

zakcrley, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Eger ton, Mr.

Jon, Mr. Which cot. Sir John Mr. Barber, Mr.

Fe llowes, Mr. Stratton, Mr. Mr. Code:on, Mr.

Hayes , Mr. Cocks, Mr. Medlycot, JDr. Sir t

Ladbroke, Mr. Beckford, Sir Henry Mr. Hard-

man, Colonel Bof ca wen, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Alderman Dickin-

son,

lyddellt

tiallatt

fYcfnnux‘*

Nat.

28 Geo. II.

13° Ma

son, Mr. Walpole^ Mr. Talbot, Mr. Colonel

Griffin, Sir John Rvjhout, Mr. Co/ebrooke, Mr. West, Mr. Stewart, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Onslow and all the Gentlemen of the Long Kobe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speak-. er’s Chamber.

Paoiftb’ An ingrossed Bill for allowing Further Time for Inroll-Wills, &c. ment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was lead the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Mr. H do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Whale Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Fjflieiy. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refolded, That this House wi I, upon Monday Morning next, resolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

ttorflian:, An ingrafted Bill for widening and repairing the Road &c. leading from Horsham, in the County of through, R°ad. Ospd, Dorking, Mickleham, and Leather/tea to the

Watch House in Ebbifham, in the County o» and from Capelto Stone. Street, in the Pardh of in the

laid County of Surrey; was read the Third lin e.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to . be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 6. To Leave out " Struckford," and inlert " Shuckford

Pr. 8. X,. 14. To leave out "as," and insert " and Pr. 25. L. 2J. After "hereby," to inlert " directed Pr. 26. L. 13. After " going," to inlert " to."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question . several I y put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pafsj; And that the Title be, An Act for widening and repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Capel, -king, Mickleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch Hi use in Ebbifham, in the County of Surrey-, and from Capel to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ock/ey, in the said County of Surrey.

s __

Ordered, That Sir Lionel Pilkinglon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colcliefter Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Elc&ion. Confederation the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into , Consideration.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of IJ'aac Martin Rebow Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Charles Gray Esquire to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Essex:

The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.

The Resolution of the House, of the 6th of May 1714, That the Right of making Foreigners (not having a Right of Freedom by Birth or Service) Freemen of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, is in the

Vol. 27.

205

Mayor and free Burgesses of the said Borough, m Common Hall assembled, was read: And,

The Standing Order, made the t6th Day of January 1735, forreftraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port; or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read.

The Right of Election was! agreed by both Parties to' be in the free Burgesses of Col duly sworn and admitted, not receiving Alms.

Upon the Poll, the Numbers were,

For Mr. OIndus - - - 628.

Mr. Rebow - - - 572.

Mr. Gray -543. The Counsel for the Petitioner alleged; That a Scrutiny having been demanded by Mr. Gray, arid granted by the Sheriff cf Essex, who presided at the Election for the Borough of C./chester-, it, was carried on in a Manner so dilixdvantageous to Mr. Rebow, that he thought proper to retire born the Scrutiny; and declined to justify his Right tlieie.

In Support of which Allegation; they called.

Captain Robert Martin and Mr. Theophilus Hall, who had been present at the Scrutiny; by whose Evidence it appea ed, that on the Second Day of the Scrutiny, after Mr. Gray's Counsel had gone through their Objections to

the Petitioner's Votes on the Head of Charity, a List, which had been delivered, of several Persons, who voted for the Petitioner, objected to by the Agent for the Sitting Member, as not appearing, upon the Books of the Corporation, to have been sworn Burgesses, was read: Wi ereupon the Counsel for the Petitioner offered to produce Parole Evidence to prove the Ad million of such Burg-fles; which being objected to, they in lifted, that the Books were not of Record, and had been some time in the Custody of the Sitting Member — That they were very imperfect, and that there were in some Places large Chaftns, and Leaves cut out, and, in others, great Irregularity in the Dates of the Entries, and therefore they ought to be allowed to establish the Votes of such Burgesses by Parole Evidence; but that the Sheriff, after having retired with his Counsel to consider of the Matter, declared, " That the Books should be his only " Guide, and that he would admit no other Evidence Whereupon Mr. Rebow laid, he would proceed no further, and withdrew from the Scrutiny — but; before Mr. Rebow withdrew, the Under-Sheriff, in the Presence of the Sheriff, declared the Sheriff would receive Parole Evidence to prove the Admission of Freemen in those Periods where there appeared to be Chasms in the Books.

In Justification or the Conduct of the Sheriff,

It appeared by the Evidence of Mr. George Pickard and Mr. William Me hew. That at the Scrutiny Mr. William MaheW, Agent for the Sitting Member, produced a List of Persons who had voted for Mf. Rebow; and declared, That he had searched the Books of the Corporation, and did not find their Names amongst the Admissions, and therefore infilled that they ought not to be looked upon as Burgesses; but that Mr. Mahew himself at the same time owned there might have been Burgesses ad-, mitted, whole Names did not appear on the Books:

That the Counsel for the Petitioner infilled upon producing Parole Evidence to prove the Admiflrons of those Burgesses; and mentioned particularly, that the Thursday Book from 1701 to 1707 was milling; and that there were many Leaves cut out of the Oath Book:

That the Sheriff'inquired whether the Books had been the Evidence at former Elections ? and Mr. Mahew to d him, that he was Scrutineer to Mr, Honb/on in the Year 1734, and that no other Evidence was then offered of the Admission of Burgesses than the Books — That at that time he examined all the Books, and particularly the Oath

3 G Book;

20 6

Colchcfur gook; and that the same Defects were then taken notice

Election. which were mentioned by the Counsel for the Petitioner; and that he looked upon the Books to be now exactly in the same State in which they were at that time:

That the Books have always been kept in a Gheft in the Town Hall, of which Mr. has kept the Key.

That, after the Matter had been argued by the Counsel on both Sides, the Sheriff retired with his Counsel, and, upon his lleturn, declared, that the Books must be his Guide:

That thereupon the Petitioner said he would proceed no further there, but seek ltedress elsewhere:

That the Sher.ffthen told the Petitioner, That be would admit Parole Evidence where the Leaves were torn out, or where there were Chaims in the Books:

That the Petitioner, before he left the Room, thanked the Sheriff for his Candour and Impartiality.

Mr. Robert Mahew produced several Books of the Corporation: and being examined as to the State of those Books, and the Manner of making the Entries, said, That he had beenClerkto the Town Clerk of Colchester — That there are Chasms in the Books — That there are many Leaves cut out in several Places of the Oath Book, and that it jumps from 1695 to 1701, and from thence to the Year 1728:

That the Index Book is an ancient Book, and appeared to be so 14 or 15 Year? ago; but who wrote it, or whether it is a true Index, or was ever compared with the Books, he could not tell.

The last Entry in that Book appears to be in 1711. The W unefsfturther said, That the Stamp Book contains the Names of free Burgesses upon stampt Paper, without any Dates:

That the Books are in the same Condition in which they were in the Year 1739, wl'en *ie fidt came to the Town Clerk; and that there has not been, to his Know-Jege, any Erafement since that time:

That from rough Minutes, taken by the Town Clerk in Court, the Entries were made in the Books usually on -the fame, or on the next Day, sometimes at a longer Dif-" tance, but that he believed a Fortnight was the longed Interval between taking the Minutes and making the En-, tries:

That the Names of the Burgesses, when sworn, were taken down by the Town Clerk on a Paper in Court, and then entered in a Book; and that there may have been Persons admitted, whole Names do not appear on the Books.

It was admitted on both Sides, that the Sheriff struck off, upon the Scrutiny, from the Petitioner’s Poll, 75, and, from the Sitting Member’s Poll, 30, by which the Sitting Member had a Majority of 18:

But the Counsel for the Petitioner proposed to add to the Petitionci’s Poll One Person who had voted, and was not taken down by the Clerk.

And they objected to several of the Sitting Member’s Votes, under the following Heads:

1 ft, To 42, as not having been admitted Burgesses.

2d, To 6, as having received Alms.

3d, To 1, as having polled twice.

4th, To 50, as honorary Freemen, admitted without the Consent of the free Burgesses, by a Power delegated at an Assembly to a Committee of tire select Body, contrary to the last liesolution of the House, and by an illegal Mayor.

In order to add One to the Petitioner’s Poll,

They shewed, That John was admitted a free

Burgess 25th January 1721, and then proved, by a Witness who was present at the last Election, that he voted Jor Mr. Cl mini and Mr. Rebow.

In Suppoit of the First Head of Objection,

Mr. James Thomey said, That he had carefully inspected all the Books where there are Entries of Admission of 20

4- 175 5-

Freemen, and that hfc did not find in any of them the Names of the following Persons;

Francis Shearcroft, Alexander Smith, Thomas

hale, George Johnson, Joseph James Boyce, James

Cater, Thomas Wiltnot, Robert Day, Joseph Robert Goshall, James Emery, John Gowers, John Cant,

John Beaumont, William Day, Stephen Upc her, Thornes

Salusbury, Samuel Tills, Benjamin Barnes senior. Joint Lord, William Branch, James London, John Edward Vy retard, Benjamin Balls, Jacob

Brooker, William Naggs, and John Porter of Yeoman.

In Answer to the Evidence against the Five Persons last mentioned, it appeared by Entries in the Books, that the Name of Benjamin Balls was entered in the Stamp Book:

That Edward Clyatt was admitted at a Thursday Court held the 6th of July 1710.

By an Entry in the Oath Book, that Jacobus Brooker was i'worn on the 22d of June 1727:

That the Name of U rn. Naggs ltands in the Index Book in 1703, and the Name (ft John Porter in the same Book in 1704; which Index was produced, to supply the Want or the Thursday Book which is loft, from 1701 to 1707.

John Pater, who appears to have been discharged from

being of the Common Council the 2d of 1703,

was alleged, but not proved, co be the Father of the Voter.

The Counsel for the Petitioner infilled, in their Reply, that the Index Book was not authentic ud.

As to the other Persons objected to by the Petitioner’s Counsel under the Full Head,

The F.vidence is as follows:

Robert Smith, of,) There is only One of that Name Brom'ey Blacksmith. S upon the Books, who is described to be of Colchester, and there are Th ce upon the Poll.

Francis Brown, of 7 One Francis Brown wa admitted Colchester, Taylor. s in 1705, and nc one of that Name since Francis Brown, of Colthft Carpenter, who was a free Burgess, appears to have been buried the 3d May 1741: The Voter is about 40 or 50 Years of Age; he is entered upon the Fi ft Book of the Poll; he attempted to vote at another Book, as (ft London, and was rejected.

George Clark, of 7 There are Th ee Persons of that

Coggejhalt, Yeoman. I Name upon the Poll, Two described as Coopers, who were admitted B rgcff.-s under that Description, One about the Year 1734, the other in 1741.

The Person objected to has con felled that he never was fwrorn a Burgess of Colchester.

Charles Steward, of 7 Twoofrhat Name were admitted Colchester, Weaver. 3 Burgdies, One of Nay land in 1734, and the other as Charles the Son of , W ea-

ver, in 1740.

The Father said, That his Son Charles was since dead; and that his Son James, who was never admitted, fiad frequently confetfed to him, that he polled at the last Election in the Name of his Brother Charles.

George Topley, of 7 One George Topley wasadmitted in Colchester, 'I'aylor. 3 1710,andnooneof thatNatnefincc.

Tire Father of the Voter, whole Name was George, died in 174# or 1749, and the Voter is about 40 Years of Age; George Topley appears to have been bapri?.ed September the Second, 1717 — T he Vo er had confetfed, that he never had been admitted a Burg fts.

Philip Jackson, of 7 No one of that Name has been Colchester, Wcaver. ' 3 ad mi tted since 1727; t i ic V oter is about Twenty-eight Years of Age, and his Father has been dead about Ten Years.

Daniel Dines, of 7 One Daniel Dines was admitted Colchester, Gardenier. 3 in 1721, and none dt that Name since — It appears, that One of the same Name was bu ried 13th May 1734,andanother-baptia:ed27th of;

the

i 30 Martii.

28 Geo. II. \ if Martii. 207

the Voter is about 38 Years of Age, and his Father is dead.

Moses Gfoom, of Sib-') No one of that Name has been bleheningham, Weaver, j admitted since 1695: the Voter Confessed that he was born at Coggeshall, and is about 60 Years of Age: That his Father, whole Name was had been dead about 50 Years; Moses, the Son of Moses and Anne, appears to have been baptized at October 18th, 1691.

John Clark, of fOf that Name, One was admitted

Colchester, Bay maker. 5101698, One in 17 r 7, One in 1721, deftribed as of Nay land, and another in the same Year, a Weavers but no one of that Name as of -chester, Baymaker.

Joseph Boggisy of ^Objection — NooneoftbatName

Colchester, Baker. Jappears in the Books.

Answer — It appears, that Joseph , Son of John

Roggers, Baker, of Colchester, was admitted at the Monday

Court, 13th of April 1734.

Isaac Boggis said, that his Brother Joseph the Baker was admitted about 1734, and that his Father’s Name was John , and that he never heard of such a Person at Col-chef er as John Roggers.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, in their Reply, admitted the Vote to be re-established, as the Entry had been explained by the Witrcfs.

John Rogers, of Sud-jObjection — bury, Husbandman. 5'ief°un<^ upon the Books the

Names of John Rogers the eider and John Rogers the younger, both described as Giafiers; and another of the same Name, admitted in 1717, as Apprentice to Du Cane; but that he found no John Rogers, Husbandman.

[facie Bevan laid, That it is the C unman i'cport, that Rogers, who was Apprentice to Du Cane, is dead.

Joseph Stebbin said, That John Rogers, of Southminfer, told him, that he had polled at the last Election for Air. Gray, and that he had never beep admitted a Burgess.

Answer — by an Entry in the Oath Book, John Refers appears to have been sworn a Burgess on the ad of 1727, as Apprentice to Rick.aDu Cane Eiquiiv, of London,

The Counsel for the Petitioner in lifted, That who was Apprentice t>< Du Cane, was proved to be dead.

Henry May of Man- 7 Mr. James Thorne laid, That lie ingtree. Wheelwright. 5 found no Person of that Name upon the Books, except in the Year 1721.

It appears by an Exrraft from the Register of the Pari lb of Maningtree, that Henry May was buried on the First

of JAay-733; and that Henry, the Son of Henry May,

was baptized November 17th, 1725: Anc),

Isaac Bevan said, That there had been no such Person as Henry May in Maningtree these Nine Years part.

Answer — An Entry was read, by which it appeared, that Henry May was admitted to his Freedom at a Thursday Court, 25th February, 1721.

the Counlelfor the Petititioner insisted»tlut the Entry read was of the Person proved to be dead.

Second Head.

As to the Persons objected to by the Petitioner under the Second Head, their several Cafes appeared by the Evidence to be as follows;

John Stiles, of Col- He lived for a considerable time chester. Weaver. 5 before, and at the time of the Election, in a House for which the Parish of Mary pays Rent, and t hey also allow hitn Two Shillings a Week; he fi.il 1 lives in the same House, and has the same Allowance.

John Lawrence, of )He received from the Overseers of Great Coggeshall, Nhe Parish of Coggeshall Six Shil-

Cordwainer. flings, a* different times, in August

1753, when he was ill, upon the Application of Mr. Hayes the Surgeon, who is paid by the Parish for looking after the Poor; but the Voter is an industrious Man, and, when in Health, maintains his Family.

John Aylett, of Col- }His Child, about Two or Three chester, Weaver. 5 Months old, was sent to the Work-

house of Saint James's Parish, by the Overseers, in April *753 — Died therein the July following, and was buried

V©L. 27.

from thence — He is a careful Man, and maintains his Family now, and never did receive Alms.

John Everilt, of "Mn November 1753 i'e ran away to Colchester, Weaver, y London, and has not been since at

Colckefer, but to poll at the Election; After he ran away. Two of his Children were sent into the Workhouse by the Parish Officers of Saint Bcto/ph, where they have continued ever since.

Nathan Thompson, 7He was sent to the Workhouse of of Colchester, Wcaver.$Saint Giles, by Order of the Church-

wardens, about the Sixth of November >753, on account of liln-ls, where he continued till the Twenty-third of December following — He always maintained himself before he came to the Workhouse — And though he was not able to get his Bread when he went out, he has been supported ever since, without Relief from the Parish, by the Help of his Wile, who is an industrious V\ oman.

Upon this Evidence, the Counsel for the Sitting Member observed, I hat the Relict given to the Four Persons last mentioned was only occasional, on account of Sick-ness, and ought not therefore to let afide their Votes.

John Laflin, of ^Objection — His Wife, having the

Colchester, Comber. 5 Pally, and not being capable of getting her Livelihood, was lent to the Workhoul'e of All Saints above Two Years before the Eiefiion, and has continued there ever since; but lie himself works for his Living, and has Children who are not in the Work-house.

Answ’er — The Voter agreed to pay the Parish Two Shillings a Week for Ins Wife’s Maintenance; but, being in Arrear on the Twenty-third of September 1754, he agreed to pay Three Shillings a Week, the additional Shilling being to make up ihe Arreir — Since the last Agreement, the Money has been constantiy paid by his Mailer, but there is no Proof of any Money paid under the 1 irft Agreement.

Third Head.

In Supnort of the Third Head of Objection,

HezckiahHaynes ~\\t appealed, that Haynes

Eli; ui re, of Copford. 5 had polled twice; and it was ad-

mitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, that his Name was entered twice upon the Poll by the Mistake of the Clerks.

Fourth Head.

In order todifqualify several Persons tinder the Fourth Head of Objection,

The last Refillut ion of the House, of the Sixth of May 1714, was again read.

Then Part of the Charter dated the 7th July, qd of Williamand Mary, was read; which directs, that the

Corporation shall confill of a Mayor, 11 other Aldermen, 18 Alhstants, and iS Common Council Men, to be chose out of the free Burgesses, and that the Mayor shall always be an Alderman:

That, on the Monday Tver Mannually, the

free Burgesses, or the major Part of them, shall nominate Two Aldermen, One of whom the Mayor, and the rest of the Aldermen, shall debt into the Office of Mayor: That the Mayor Elect shall, before he is admitted into his Office, upon the Michaelmas-day next enlutng his Election, take an Oatn for the due Execution of his 1 )ffice, in Presence of the last Mayor, Aide men, Affilt-ants, and Common Council, or such of them as shall cliufe to be present:

That whoever shall be sworn into the Office of Alderman, shall hold the same Office during his Life, unless lie be removed therefrom in due Form for the Cause therein after-mentioned:

That no free Burgess, who shall exercise any of the particular Trades therein specified, or who shall not be a Houl'ekeeper within the Borough, and pay Scotland Lot there, shall have a Vote in any Nomination or Election.

Then several Entries in an Affonbly Book of the said Corporation were read, whereby it appeared.

That at an Assembly of the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants. Common Council, and free Burgesses, of the Town

aforesaid,

Colchester

Election-

208

i$° Martii. A. 1755.

Colckfler afore fail!, on Thuvfctay the 31st Day of 1728, in

iilettion. or(]er (0 fi,j Up fj-j- Vacancies of the House.

John BlatchEl'quire, Mayor:

After filling up several Vacancies, an Order was made by fiie Mayor and free Burgesses, That a Number of Freedoms should be fold: and that Mr. Mayor, and Five others, or any Three of them, should be a Committee to ascertain the Number and Names of the Persons to be admitted, and to agree for the Sums to be paid for such Admittances; and that no Person should be admitted who kept an open Shop in the Borough.

And that at an Assembly of the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, and Common Council, of the Town aforesaid, oa Monday the 25th Day of November, in the Second Year of the Feign < f George the Second, Anno , 1728, John Blatch Inquire, Mayor,

An Order was made.

That whereas the said Committee had, in pursuance of the said Order of the 31st of last, agreed with

Fifty-six Persons for their Freedoms, who desired, before their Admission, the Approbation and Concurrence of that Afl'cmbly, the said several Persons should be admitted and (worn free Burgefi'es; and that all such other Persons, as the said Committee should agree with for their Freedoms pursuant to the Terms of the said recited Order, should be admitted without further Order, lb as the Number should not exceed Two hundred more.

Then Part of the Report of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, of the Sixth of 1714, in the same of an Election for the said Borough, was read; whereby it appeared, by the Testimony of Three Persons, that the Uliige of making Foreigners free Burgesses, was by calling a Common Floor, which conlifts of near One thousand free Burgdfes, who are summoned by Proclamation made by the Serjeantsin the several Wards, by Order of the Mayor: That if the free Burgefi'es give Consent in a Common Floor to the admitting any particular Freemen, they may be admitted by the Mayor alone, and are good Freemen.

In order to shew that the free Burgesses did not concur in granting the Freedoms to Foreigners in 1728, The Counsel for the Petitioner called several Wit* nclfes; viz.

Thomas Hay la, Charles , 'Thomas , and

William Hall:

By whose Evidence it appeared, that, in the Year 1728, there was a general Complaint amongst the free Burgesses, of the Admission of Foreigners:

That about Michaelmas a Rumour having prevailed, -that Freedoms were to be given or fold, Two hundred free Burgesses, or more, went upon a Monday to the Moot Hall, and remonstrated against making any free Burgesses, but such as had Right:

That the Mayor and the Gentlemen in Court were most of them foradmitting Foreigners; but that a great Majority of the free Burgefi'es were against it:

That there was no Poll; and that there was a great Noise and Confusion in the Hall:

That the free Burgdfes t hen complained, tha t they were not summoned to that Court:

Thomas Hales added, That he had been a Serjeant the Year before: That, when the free Burgesses were to be summoned, the Four Serjeants uf'ed to go to their Houses in different Parts of the Town; and that he has often summoned the Burgesses by going from House to House: That Burgesses paying Scotland Lot are usually summoned to the Choice of a Mayor, and when there is to he voting for Officers; and that the Court he went to was such a Court as the Scotland Lot Men ought to be summoned to.

Then to flicw that John Blatch (who was Mayor when the Order was made for felling the said Freedoms) was not a legal Officer, several Entries in the Books were read; by which it appeared,

That, on Monday the Fourth Day of September 1727, he was elected of the Common Council, then Assistant, and afterwards Alderman.

December 5th 1728

December, 9th, 1728

That, on Monday the Second Day of 1728,

he was nominated and elected Mayor, into which Office he was i'worn on Sunday the Twenty-ninth Day of September i] 28.

By a Record it appeared, That in Michaelmas Term 1740 an Information issued out of the Court of King’s Bench against the said John B, for exercinng the Office of Mayor of the Borough of , without legal

Appointment:

That, upon a Tryal of several Issues at Chelmsford, in the County of EJJ'ex, on Tuesday the Third Day of March following, it was found, by the Verdict of a Jury, that the said John Blatch was not One of the Aldermen of the said Borough; and that he was not, in the Manner and Form alleged, nominated, elected, sworn, or admitted, into the Office ot Mayor of the said Borough, and that he was not Mayor of the said Borough; whereupon Judgment of Ouster was awarded against him.

By several Entries in the Oath Bock it appeared, that the following Persons were admitted and sworn free Burgesses before John Blatch Esquire, Mayor, pursuant to the said Order made the Thirty-firtt. Day of October 1 728.

Palmer Smytlues.

'* IVuiiam CvA\

Thomas Gibjon,

Hezekiah Norris,

John Trip,

'ih owns Jenkins,

\ Andre w Murrd/s,

Ben net Reading,

William Cooper,

William Lawrence,

James Plumb,

{^Robert Ojhand\

Thomas Duffield.

Thomas Onyoti,

Nathanael Cole,

John Buffett,

John Firmin.

- Walter Squire, f Mark Draper,

-< Thomas Coodall junior, i John Pcitfon junior.

- William Map hew.

! Robert C) ane,

William Baker,

Samuel Fenning. r Martin Carter,

! Charles Hoyt,

I Edward Skerretl,

J Samuel King,

Nicholas CorJ'ellis,

John White,

William Inman,

\William Heath.

C John Griggs,

I John Bland.

And that the following Persons were admitted and sworn free Burgesses of the Borough of ColchcJler, before James Boys Esquire, Mayor of the said Town, pursuant tQ the aforesaid Order:

f Samuel Hamblin,

Joseph Norton,

George Brooke,

John Highy,

John Porter,

Sir Edward Smith,

Daniel Burdox,

Henry Stephens,

Charles Lidgold,

Thomas Bramston,

Charles Gray,

Samuel Hojemanden,

Abraham Milbank,

December i6lh, 1728

July 20th, 1718 -

February 24th, 1729 May 20th, 1729 -June 2d July 17th -

July 24th, 1729

July 25 th

November 3d, 1729

Samuel SavilL

May 30th, 1730 - - Richard Tinner.

In

28 Geo. II.

13° Mar til.

In Answer to the last: Head of Objection,

The Cuiiiiicl for the fitting Member called a Wit-

r O

refs, to prove that the honorary Freemen, made by Purcliaie in 1728, have constantly, since that time, enjoyed ali the Privileges of Freemen, and that they voted at the Election in 1734.

And they argued, that the Order, under which those free Burgesses purehaied their Freedoms, was made in Conformity to the lall Kesolution of the House at the Court held upon Thursday the Thirty-first Day of October 1728, when all the free Burgesses were present, as appears by the Entry in the Book:

That the Witnesses produced to prove the Dissent of the tree Burgesses, though their Evidence was very imperfect, and they recollected very few Circumstances, all agreed, that the Court, to which they went, was held on a Monday, so that their Evidence was plainly applied to the subsequent Court held on a Monday by the (elect Body:

That these free Burgesses objected to have constantly exercised their Franchises since 1728 unimpeached, and voted at all Elections:

That they are not to be looked upon as honorary Freemen, but as bona fide Purchasers of their Right:

That though Blatckwas found to be no Alderman in 1740, it does not follow that lie was no Alderman in

1727 — That suppoling he was only a Mayor de in

1728 — those who had purchased their Freedoms for a valuable Consuleration, notwithlbuuhng tiiey were admitted in pursuance of the Order of an Assembly where h" presided-, will not lose their Right; for, though a voluntary Act, done by an Officer de may not he valid, yet the Act of a Corporation (which afilfts a Stranger who has paid a valuable Consideration) shall not be set aside, although the presiding Officer was only an Officer de facto, especially if such Officer does not come into his Office by Usurpation, but under a colourable Right.

But the Counsel for the Petitioner, in Support of their Objection, indited, that the Afilmbly held cm the 31st of October 1728 being called for filling up Vacancies, the

lice Burgesses then present must be prelumed to be such as have a Vote in filling up Vacancies, those only who pay Scotland Lot; but all the free Burgesses have, in contccjuencfc of the Refclution of the House, a Right to be present at the making Foreigners free:

That, at an Assembly held for a particular Purpose, they could not proceed to do another Act, for which Notice to all the free Burgesses was neceflhry:

That if all the free Burgesses had been duly summoned to that Court, they could not (according to the Resolution of the House,) delegate their Power toaCom- mittee:

That the said Order for felling Freedoms made on the Thirty-first of October 1728 was general, and no Person was nominated that Day.

And that at the Assembly held on Monday the Twenty-fifth Day of November 1728, when the Order was made stor admitting 56 Persons therein named, with whom the Committee had agreed, and that the same Committee should agree with Two hundred more, it is not pretended that the Free Burgesses were present.

That the Witncfiesipokeof that Assembly; and proved, that the free Burgesses then opposed the Admission of any but such as had a Right:

That the felling Freedoms was an extraordinary not a necessary Act, and therefore could not properly be done by a Mayor de facto:

That Purchasers should fee with whom they contra ft:

And that the Mayor, in making Foreigners (whether Purchasers, or honorary free Burgesses!, is not Considered as presiding at an Assembly of the Corporation, but as associated for that Purpose with a particular Part of the Body; and that his own Consent is neccltaryto make that Act valid, and therefore he ought to l^e a legal Mayor. Vol. 27.

On the Part of the fitting Member:

The Counsel for him objected to several of the Petitioner’s Votes, under the following Heads; viz.

1 to 14, as having received Alms.

2 to 7, as receiving Winfey's Charity.

3 to 8, as having been bribed.

4 to 3, as having polled twice.

5 to 14, as falling under the last Head of Objection

made by the Petitioner.

6 to I, as personating another.

7 to 38, as having been made contrary to the said Resolution of 1714.

8 to 47, as not having been sworn.

As to the Persons objected to under the First Head, their several Cafes appeared by the Evidence to be as follows:

John Cofens, of He has lived many Years in an

Stratford, Oilman. 5 Alms-house belonging to the Parish of Stratford, where he still continues.

Jame Cotvell, of,) He received One Shilling a Week Colcliester, Weaver, j for several Years, till Lady-day 1753, from the Overseers of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, who also paid the Rent of his House to the same time.

On the 2-}th of April 1753, his Wife, at her own Desire, received Eight Shillings; but about a Fortnight before the last Election the Voter sent back that Sum to the Officers of the Parish by Joseph Stcbbin, an Agent to Mr. Reboiv, and the Officer took it.

Henry Cowelloi \He received, in August, September,

Dedham, Wraver. j and October, 1753, from the Over-

leer of Dedham, Six Shillings; w ho likewise paid his Rent due at Michaelmas 1753, buried his Wife and One Child, and afterwards clothed the rell of his Children at the Ex-p< nee of about Thirty-four Shillings more; but he had no Relief after October 1753, and has since that time

maintained himself.

Thomas Gofin "| He was brought sick from London Fidget!, of London, >at Chrijim 1752, and admitted Bricklayer. J into the Workhouse of Saint Mary's

Parish by Order of the Overseers, where he was maintained for a Month by the Parish, who likewise maintained his Child from Michaelmas 1752 to the Eighth of May 1753; but since that time he has had no Relief.

John Hooper of receivechit differenttimes/rom

Kelvedon, Blacksmith. $ iotii of to 3d May 1 754, Twelve Shillings and Six Pence from the Officers of the Parish of Helve don, and about Three Years ago had an Allowance of Twenty Shillings for Rent — He was sick, and not able to work, when he had this Relief, and when he was well he maintained himself.

Samuel Headfone,7H*S Wife and Son were sent as Va-

of Dedham, Weaver.jigrants from the County Gaol to Saint James's Workhouse in April 1753 — The Son was put out Apprentice by the Parish in following, and the Wife left the Workhouse about Three Weeks after; but the Voter at that time lived at Dedham, and it did not anpear that he was ever applied to about his Wife and Child.

Richard Beal, of,) The Overseer of El oft said, That

EhnJ'et, Farmer. 3 a Person, whose Name is Mary

Beal, has lived many Years in the Workhouse, and has received Relief of the Parish for herself and Child — That flie is said to be married to one Richard Beal, but he doe? not himself know that (he is the Wife of the Voter.

Coc Kell, of IVcod-'lHe has lived many Years Rent-Lridge, Taylor. j free in a House belonging to the Pari ill, where he still continues.

Thomas Cross, of,) About Michaelmas 1752 his Wife. Ballington, Wheel- >died, and he applied to the Parish, u right.,) and desired them to take his Chil-

dren, and he would maintain himself: The Parish took his Children, clothed them, and allow One Shilling a Wee k for the Maintenance of One, and Nine Pence tpr another, and have put another out Apprentice.

3 H Samuel

ColcheKer

Election,

Colciiffteir

Election.

%io

175S-

Samuel frreehian, of") Mis Wife came into S/. Leonard's

Colchester, Weaver.,) Workhouse about the End of ntcsry, and had a Child which died: She was discharged loon after, and has had no Relief since: The Voter lives in the Parish, and has declared he could not maintain his Wife.

iVm. Johnfn, of ^The Keeper of the Workhouse of

London, Bricklaver. 5 Saint Leonard's Parish, laid, That the Wife of the Voter was relieved by the Parish of Saint Leonard’s, Colchester — That file is dead, and left Three Childeren, who have all been relieved by the Parish; One of them these Seven Years, who is now put out at Nine Pence a Week; but that he did not know where the Voter was, or that he had received any Relief

Robert Ireland, o(l Has been in the Workhouse above Colchester, Gardener. > Two Years, and is there now.

John Catchpole, of } He is a Quaker, and lives in a Colchester, Shoemaker.} Poor House upon the Foot of Charity, and has Jived there several Years.

Robert Taylor, of,) He received Two Shillings a Week Hadley, Carpenter, j from 29th of July 1753 till the Christmas following — Is very poor, and cannot live without Alms.

In Answer to these Objections, the Counsel for the Petitioner only observed, That, in several of the Cafes, the Relief which had been proved to have been received by the Voters was only occasional, and such as they apprehended w'as no Disqualification.

In Support of the Second Head of Objection,

It appeared, that Arthur IViefiey, of the Parish of All Saints, Colchester, by his last Will, bearing Date the Twenty-eighth of March 1726, gave his House in the Parish of Saint Botolph, to be made commodious for the Habitation of Twelve poor Men who had lived vVcll, and were fallen into Decay, with an Allowance of Two Shillings and Six Pence a Week, and a Chaldron of Coals, to each poor Man per , for the

Payment of which he charged certain Lands; but lie directed that no poor Man under the Age of Sixty Years, and who did not give Bond of Fifty Pounds, with Two sufficient Securities, not to receive Alms of the Parish during his Stay therein, Ihoukl be admitted into such Habitation; and lie appointed Trustees to manage this Charity, with Power to remove any Person in cale of Milbe-kaviour.

It was admitted by the Counsel for the Petitioner, That James Cricket, Thomas Paine,

Simeon Clay, Simon Per lander,

John Cutler, John Aand Thomas Fitch,

Had all lived in Whi fiefs House till the Time of the Election, and had received his Donation; but they infilled, that as this Donation was given to Persons who had lived well, and were to enjoy it during their good Behaviour, and who were also to give so large a Security not to receive Aims, it was to be considered as a charitable Foundation, l’uch as the Charter House, and others of the like Kind; and that the Rule of the House, in relation to Charity, extended only to Parish Alms, or little pecuniary Payments, but not to Benefactions of this Kind.

And they quoted the Resolution of the House, in the same of Sir Thomas White's Charity in Coventry, the First of March 170S.

Third Head.

In Support of the Third Head of Objection,

To shew that the Petitioner had been guilty ofindireft Pract ices, John Hajle/l, Edward Wray, and William Balls,

laid, That they, with Three others, had received from Mr. Rebow, at ‘his own House, Five Shillings and Three Pence each, to drink his Health; and from his Agent, at a Publick House, Two Shillings and Six Pence each; and that Bails had Two Shillings and Six Pence at another time.

That Mr. Rebow, at his own House, distributed Three

Guineas to several free Burgesses, afrer the Rate of Two Shillings per Man; and that hie Agent, at another time.

at a Publick House, gave, to as many free B urge fie s as Would accept it. Two Shillings and Six Pence each:

That the Petitioner, when he gave them the Money at his own House, desired themjto poll for him, but they polled for the Sitting Member.

John Barker laid. rI hat he borrowed a Guinea of Mr. Reborn, for which he gave his Note, which is Hill (landing out: That the Witness then promised him his Vote; That the Petitioner some time after asked him again lor his Vote, and told him, that lie would not have lent him the Guinea unless he had promised his Vote; and that the Witness again promised his Vote to the Petitioner, but voted for the Sitting Member.

Then in order to disqualify several Persons, who voted for the Petitioner, upon account of Bribery,

John Barnes, Joseph

Michael Blom, field Thomas

Joseph Lock, John

John Shorcy, John

William Carter and Richard Mills laid, That the Voters had received from the Petitioner, at his own House, Two Shillings each, to drink his Health, at which time he allied them for their V otes; and that some of them had alto received at other times, from his Agent, Tit ree Shillings and Six Pence, tome Two Shillings and Six Pence, and some One Shilling, each.

The Witnesses confelled, that Part of the Money was {pent at Publick Houses: That they themselves received from the Petitioner Two Shillings each, at his House, although they did not promise him their Votes. — That they voted for the Sitting Member, and had been present at Entertainments at Publick Houses made at the Sitting Member’s Expence.

Fourth Head.

In Support of the Fourth Head of Objection.

Thomas ^M’Tines^' 13PPcar *° have P°Pe<^ twice.

ci

Joseph Sanxter: There appears upon the Poll Joseph Sanxter, of Braintree, Card maker, and Joseph of Booking, Cardmaker: A Witness laid, That there was but One Joseph Sanxter in Booking and Braintree-, but that he has a Brother who lives at the same Place, and is likewise a Freeman of Colchester.

Fifth Head.

In Support of the Fifth Head of Objection,

It was allowed by the Counsel for the Petitioner, that John Bruce William Baker, John Cole, William Ha.lam,

John Jenkins John,

John Richmond, High Simons,

William Simons, and Robert Turner,

Were admitted in pursuance of the aforesaid Order of the Thirty-first of October 172S.

John Causton, of I It appeared by several Entries in

Bures, Glover.,) the said Backs, that John Causton was admitted July Twenty-fourth 1729, under the said

Order; and that the Persons following derived their Right of Freedom from these who had been admitted under the said Order; viz.

George Cant, of,) Admitted on the Second of March Colchester, Gardener.^ 1740; as Son and Apprentice of George Cant.

r °^ , 7 As Apprentice to Stephen

Colchester, Rower and > 1 r J

Beater. J

ThowasSwallow, of 7 On the Nineteenth of January

London, Letterman. J 1740,0s Son and late Apprentic®

to Thomas Swallow, of Colchester, Weaver.

Sixth Head.

In Support of the Sixth Head of Objection,

George^Curtis confelled, that lie has no Vote, but was

prevailed upon to poll in the Name of his Nephew

Curtis.

Seventh Head.

In Support of the Seventh Head of Objection.

An Entry in One of the said Books was read; by which it appeared, that, at an Assembly hald on the Sixth of

July

28 Geo4 ll.

130 Martii.

ill

July 1507, an Order was made, that from thenceforth no Foreigner Ihou'd be admitted a free Burgess without the Conical of the free Burgesses assembled in Common Hall, or the major Parr of them.

Then Bart <.t the Report from the Committee of Pri-

TheophUus Hall, of) Admitted as Apprentice to Abra-

Colchester, Gentleman, yham B

William IV at Jon, of )

12 th July 1727, as

Ap-

Hocker/lev, Comber, J prentice to John Walworth, of)----- as Apprentice to

vi leges and Elections, 27th of January 1710, in the same Gardener. $ Agnes.

of an Election for the said Borough, was read: of)----- in 1734, as Son of John

Whereby it appeared, that the Question then was, Taylor, y Walton.

Whether the Mayor, of his own Authority, without the Wiliam Folyard, of)----- as Son of Tobias

Content of the Common Council, could make Foreigners Malden, Gentleman. )

Thomas Chic)

free? That the last mentioned Order was then read; and it was proved; that John Ravi ham, when he was Mayor in 1705-6, Two Days before the Election to Parliament, without ConJent of the Common Council, made One hundred Foreigners free, and swore them in the Night-time

in Alehouses and Taverns, without the down Clerk, who _ ,

ought tofwear them publicly in the down Hall — Where- Braintree, Mariner. Jof Robert Torble.

of Colchester, Baker, ynall. Cure Bayleyof

Newmarket, Gentleman.

John Torble,

-as Son of James Chicks

-as Son of Daniel Bayley. -5th of April 1734, as Son

John Cajketer, of )

Colchester, Weaver, j Cajketer. Samuel Root fey, of )-----1739,

CjhheJier, Miller.,) Ronlfey,

Simon Verlander )-----25th September 1703, as

senior, of Co'chester. 3 Son of Jacob Simon Ver lander,

-as the Sons of the

upon it was resolved, That the Mayor of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Eji'ex, cannot make Foreigners free of the said Borough without the Consent of the Ma; oriryofthe Aldermen and Common Council.

Then an Entry in One of the Assembly Books was read:

By which it appeared, that, at an Assembly of the Mayor, Aldermen, Aflidants, and Common Council, held

on the Seventeenth Day of July 1711, an Order was

made, That the said Order of the Sixth of 1697 should be repealed; and that Foreigners, who had been sworn free Burge lies before any Mayor, and who should again take the Oath before the Mayor for the Time being, of Comber.^ in 1 727.

should be deemed duly admitted, and be declared, free ' ' r'

Burgesses: That if thereafter any Person should be admitted a free Burgess, having no antecedent Right, such Admission should be void; and that no Person whatsoever should be sworn a free Burgess m any other Place than in tho Common Hall.

Then by other Parts of the said Report of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, of the Sixth Day of May 1714, it appeared, that the Usage of making Foreigners

1734, as Son of Abraham

as Son of John

Simon Ver lander, 1 junior, Gentleman, of > 1731 Lewes, Suffix , and J John Vtrlander,) London, Si 1 verFmith. } Thomas Chiswick, )

last mentioned Voter.

-as Son of Joseph Chiswick,

James Chignall, of)-----1728, as Son of James

London, Baker. 3 Chignall.

Thomas Simpson, of)

1 -----1727,

/ __

Lma'on, Cabinet- i

maker. J

As to the other Persons objected to under the Seventh Head,

It appeared, that at an Assembly of the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, and Common Council, cn Tuesday the free had been infringed by Raynham in his Mayoralty in Fourth Day of August >713,

1705, who had taken upon himself alone to admit 125 Peter Mayor,

Persons and that One ofihe Sitting Members acquainted An Order was made, reciting, That at an Assembly the Committee, That Johnson, the then late Mayor, had of free Burg fles on Monday the Seventh Day of July admitted several Freemen, who had no antecedent Right, last, it was agreed, that a Number of Freedoms should be at an Assembly where were present many of the free Bur- f >ld for defraying the necessary Expences of the gefi'es paying Scotland Lot, but not the free Burgesses at ration, and impowering Mr. Major and a Committee to large. admit and fw ear several Persons thereinafter-mentioned to

Jamrt Gibbs, of,) By several Entri*s in the Books it be free Burgesses of the said Borough, upon Payment of Colchester, and (appeared, that James Gibbs and such Sums of Money as should be agreed upon by the said

Thomai Fairbrother, f Thomas Fair brother were sworn on

of Colchester, Smith. ' ihc 6th Day of November 1705, by Raynham, without the down Clerk, and refworn under the Fore mentioned Order of the 17th Jay 1711.

And that several o'hei Persons objected to, derived their Right of Freed' >mfrom those who had be<n admitted in the same manner, and refworn under the said Order; viz.

John Hughes, of )

Colchester, baker, and f Robert Hughes, f Robert Hughes,

as Son of Wm.

Joseph of 7 Admitted in 1727 as the Sons of Chelmsford, Gentle- >-

Committee.

Then it appeared, by several Entries in the said Books, that the Persons following were admitted under the said Order; viz.

1/aac. Hudson, or Hot/on, of Colchester.

Weaver.

-7th August 1713.

-Sth August 1713.

-in 1734, as Son of Jacob

Clockmaker. j

Samuel Jar old, of)

Maningtrec, Grocer, y Jarold.

James Goodwin, of) r,o

ColchtHer, Comber. S----Apprormce to D

Daniel Ireland, of)-----20th February 1740, as

London, Labourer, y Son of John Ireland,

John Gouer, of 7----- in 1727, as Apprentice to

Colchester, Weaver, y James

Thomas Adey, of Colchester, Comb-maker.

Bezaliel Angler, of )-----

Colchester, Mahler, y Hart.

Hairy Bland, of f----- — 25th July 1721, as Ap-

Colchester, Weaver. Jj prentice to Henry Bland, who was Apprentice to Samuel Hocker.

Vol. .27.

ykes, 1 he/ter,

iant. J

-12th August 1713. -28th August 1713.

1

drews.

as Apprentice to John An-as Apprentice to John

man.

Benjamin Dykes, senior, of Calc he Brandy Mercha

Dan. Saxonda/e, of")

Colchester, Weaver j

And that the several Persons following derived their Right of Freedom from those who had been admitted under the said Order; viz.

Samuel Ennne, of 7 Admitted in 1740, as Son of Tho* ColcheJIeryGcntleman. } mas Ennue.

John Light m an y of}----- in *734* as Son Wil*

Colchester, Weaver. S ^nm Light man.

Edward Coveney, *)----- in 1740, as Son of Ed-

of Ipfzvich, Mariner. $ ward Coveney.

John Rouse, of }----- in 1739, as Apprentice td

Colchester, Maltster. } Rob. Chignall.

William

Colchester

Election*

ElccVion.

212 13° Martin . 1755.

William Wilder, of} Admitted in 1727, as Apprentice Ipswich, Gentleman, 5 to John Cornelius

'James Whale, of }----- in 1742, as Apprentice to

Colchester, Gardener, S Tlromas

Manaffah Powell, }----- in 1740, as Apprentice to

of Colchester, Broker, 5 Daniel Saxon dale; but this Voter appears to have polled for Mr. and Mr. Rebow.

Last Head.

In Support of the last Head of Objection,

Mr. William Mahew said, That he had examined the Books of the said Corporation; and that the following Perfo ns did not appear to be admitted or sworn fiee Burgefl'es: viz.

John Elliot, James Hajleings, James John

Lock, John Wat ley, William Parker, Samuel Rice, Thomas Sebborn, John KiJJer, Mark Webber, Thomas Jlead, William Bicks, Edward Clay, Thomas Geoday, Robert Havens, Samuel Martin, Abraham Mortier,

Or/ebar, Samuel Challis, Robert Sack, Samuel

John Burton, Richard Golding, Samuel John

borne, Daniel Seaman, Thomas Simons, Joseph William C/amtrce, James Thorne, Wickenham,

William RouJ'e, Robert Taster, and Peter Golding.

As to the other Persons objected to under the last Head.

The Evidence was as follows;

Edmond Salmon senior,) One of that Name is admitted of Colchester, Cooper. j as Son of Edmund Salmon. There are Two now living at Colchester, Father and Son. Peter Bartle, of } No Person of that Name is on the

Colchester, Weaver. jBooks; but there is One of the Name of Peter Bartholomew; and Bartholomew in -chester is comVnonly called Bartle.

James Gibjbn, ot } One of that Name was admitted in Colchester, Comber.^ 1713. — The Voter, by his Appearance, is not above Si^ty Years old. He has not been looked upon as a Freeman; but has voted at several Elections.

" John Lester, of } He has confefild that he never was Kelvedon, Weaver, j admitted.

Moses Chopping, of} One of that Name was admitted London, Bricklayer, jin 1727. The Voter is about 28 or 29 Years old. His Father, who was married in 1721, has been dead Two or Three Years.

Isaac Cofens, of I One of that Name was admitted in London, Weaver, j 17 21 — The Voter said lie was about 32 Years old, and con lifted that he had never been sworn; and that his Father was a Freeman.

John Kent!ale, of } One of that Name was admitted in Deptford, Kent, j 1726, as Son of Thomas-, but he is said to be dead.

' William Moore,7 One of that Name was admitted /.s

of Long Melford. j the Son of William; but is said to have died Ten or Twelve Years ago.

o

Allen Porter, 1 Was admitted the Third of March 1734, oiBrightlingvea, > as the Son cf John Porter, who has Mariner. j been objected to by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

Thomas Gibfoii of} One of that Name was admitted Cdchester, Innholder, j as Taylor in 1729, who appears to have voted for Mr. Gray.

John Barnes, of } One of that Name was admitted in London, Weaver. $ 172ri, as the Son of Robert, and another in 1727 — The Yroterhas confessed that he has not taken up his Freedom.

John Walt, of } One of that Name was admitted as

Colchester,. Weaver, j the Son of Nicholas in 1720; but he is said to be a Baymaker, who voted for Mr. Gray.

William Deane, of} Only One of that Name upon the V iveuhoe, Mariner, j Books, and he polled for Mr. Gray by the Name of William Dean of London, Carpenter.

The Counsel for the Petitioner, in order to requalify several of the Persons objected to by the Counsel for the Sit-firg Member, under their last Head, asunlivorn Burgdfes, proposed toprovetheir AdmifTions, in ft)me Cafes, by Perkins who had been present in the Hall at the time of their Admi/Iiuns; in others, by Entries of the Admissions of

21

their Sonsby Birthright, or of their Apprentices, in Right of Servitude; and to confirm that Evidence, by proving that they had exe relied their Freedom, and voted at former Elections; Therefore, to induce the Committee to allow them to produce such Evidence, they observed that the Index had been produced by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, to Supply the Defects of the Books; and that William Mahew, the Agent and V/itnet's for the Sitting Member, had himffcif con felled that there might be good Burge Ills, whole Names could not be found on the Books.

Then they referred to the Examination of hew, as to the Manner of making the Entries, and the present State of the Book?.

They afterwards detired that the Oath Book, which had been produced on both Sides to prove the Admission of many free Burgdlls, might be inspected; and it appeared that, in many Places, thete had been Leaves cut out; that the old Numbers of the Pages, which were not complete nor regular, are struck through with a Pen, or crafed, and Numbers fresh written upon the Pages in Succession; and that the Entries are also very irregular throughout the said Book; of which the following instances were read; viz.

In Page Date.

7 — - - 1730

11 - - - 1698

— April 2 2 cl - - - 1700

— Awgvft 3d - - - O

12 November ad - - - 2693

*3 - 1699

M September 27th - - - *693

— - - - 1700

15 July 14th - - - 1694

16 - - - i6y6

*7 Attgtfl 15 th - - - {6g$

— Mar. 14th - - - '731

— 21st - - r *73*

i3 - - - 2697

l9 — - - 1699

21 — - - - 37°3

— December 13 th - - - ‘7 35

22 14th - - - 1704

— July 21 - - - >733

*3 An'hit :o O > u - - - I7»0

— September 23 - - - 1723

— - - - 172+

— - - - 1726

*4 - - >7*5

— — - - - '7*1

— Jan. 24 - - - '73l

The following Entry in the same Book was read; viz.

" t nli Argujl 1698."

" Robert James making it appear on Oath, in open " Court, that he was formerly admitted and l'worn a free K Burge-ls; but his Entry not being to be found, it is ordered, that he be now entered as a tree Burgess, duly " sworn; and ltands hereby entered accordingly as Apprentice to John KidoellP

The Report of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, in the same of an Election for the said Borough, of the Twenty-eighth Day of March 1696, was read; whereby it appeared, that Exception having been taken to leve-ral Voters, who could rot be found on the Freemen’s Books, parole Evidence had been received to prove their Admission?.

The Council for the Petitioner proceeded to requalify Samuel Whiles, John Burton,

James Gibjbn, Edward Clay,

James Headjione, Joseph Stebbir.g,

John Wall, William Moore,

James Thorne, and Thomas;

By producing Witnesses who were present in the Hall, and had them admitted; and by proving that several of them had acted as Freemen, and had voted at former Elections; and, infomeof the Cafes, they produced the Entries of the Inrollments of their Indentures of Apprenticeship.

And

a8 Geo. II. t$° — 14

And they were proceeding to requality ether Persons objected to under the same Head, when the Counlci for the Sitting Member acquainted the Committee, that he was authorized by the Sitting Member to say, that if the Books had been deemed the only Evidence of the Ad-million of fie; Bu'.gefies, he could maintain his Election; but as the Committee had thought proper to allow the Petitioner to produce parole Evidence* to prove the Admission of Persons whole Names were not upon the Books, he would give the Committee no further Trouble. Whereupon the Committee came to the following Refutations:

ResolvedfYhat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Gras Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this pieient Parliament for the Borough of CoJcheJIer, in the County of Essex.

Re/oived, That ic is the Opinion of this Committee, That Isaac Martin Rebozv Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colckejh’Xy in the County of Essex.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, T\hl the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Colchtjier, in the County of £flex, by rafing out the Name of Charles Gray Esquire, and inferring the Name of Isaac Martin Rebow Esquire, instead thereof.

Oxford The House, according to Order, proceeded to the

Eielnon ^urt^cr Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel fertile Lord Packer and Sir Edward Turner Baroner, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in ord‘T to disquality Three other Rer-fons who voted for the Lord H enman and Sir James Dashwood; One as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40^. per Annum; One as not being assessed to the Land Tax; and the other as not being assessed to the Land Tax, and as not having any Freehold in the said County.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to difquahfy Three other Persons, who voted for the said Lord PVenman and Sir James Dafhicood; One as not being assessed to the Land 'l ax, and as not having any Freehold in the said County: One as not being atfelfed to the Land Tax; and the other as not having any Freehold in the said Counry.

They also examined a Witness, and produced Evidence, in order to difquahfy one other Person, who voted for the said Lord Wenniun and Sir James Dafhzvood, as not being assessed to the Land Tax, and as not having any Freehold in the said County.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to difquulify Seven other Persons, who voted for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James DashwoudOne as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value ot 40 j. per Annum; Four as not having any Freeholds at all in the said County; and the other Two as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Peileflion of the Freeholds for which they voted.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdiavw

And Notice being taken that 40 Members were not present;

The House was told by Mr. Speaker.

And 40 Members not being present* and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker (without a Question firit put) till To-morning Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vox,. 27.

0 Mar til. 213

V eneris, 14.* die Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1755. Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended ilie Return for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of EJJ'ex.

The House being informed, That Mr. Simmon Js, Ac-comptrnt to the Society of the Free Fishery,

attended at the Door;

He was tailed in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purl’uant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the Society of the Free British Fishery, from 31st December 1753, to 31st December 1754.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is prel'erved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Cooke, from the Committee, to whom the Report

was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition ot Richard and also the

several other Petitions relating to the Machines or Vessels invented by the said Richard for the Removal of

Earth, Ballad, Sand, or any 01 li-.-r kind of Matter, from any Port, River, Harbour, Creek, or Inlet, were referred, acquainted the House, That the Committee defined, the Directions of the House, in relation to their proceeding up- n an Allegation contained in the Petition of the Owners and Matters ot Ships uting the Coal Trade in the Port of LondontOne of the said Petitions referred to the said Committee), which lur’gHts, " That the Town of " Newcaft/c, under Paten- e of being Conlervators of the

" River Tyne, and for cHanfing the said River and Harbour, have grievously alfelled the Petitioners, and all " other Owners and Mailers ot Ships using the said Port,

" to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and the " Public in general."

Ordered, That the said Committee be discharged from proceeding upon the said Allegation.

Captain Fbankland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Owners and Mailers of Ships, and Pilots, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Owners, Mailers of Ships, and Pilots, residing at in the County of Kent-, and also the Petition of several Traders, Owners and Mailers of Ships, and Pilots, residing at Margate, in the County of Kent-, and also the Petition of the Merchants, Ship Owners, and Snip Mailers, in the Port of Pool; and also the Petition of the Magifbates, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Traders, in the City of Norwich \ and also the Petition of the Mailers and Owners ot Ships in Scarborough in the County of Dork-, and also the Petition of several Merchants, Owners and Mailers of Sh ps of and belonging to the Town of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribad; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and others, the Trustees under the Act of Parliament for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of and also the

Petition of the under-vvi itten Trufkvs, appointed to put in execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of and for

cleaning, amending, and preterving, the Hav en oi Sandwich-, were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of’ the said Petitions; and had directed him. to seport the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House;

3 I and

Colchester

Eletfion.

Pritish

Lfhcty*

Lyddelht

Ballad

Machines*

Ramsgate

Harbour.

Ramfrate Hz: hour.

214 140

and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

An Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-second Year of his present Malefly’s Reign, was read; by which it appeared, that certain Duties on Shipping were granted, and Tmflees thereby appointed, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ran/fgate. Arid Mr. Elliot, Secretary to the Trull, produced to your Committee, a Plan marked (A); which Rian, he laid, was founded upon the Fir (I Survey; and informed your Committee, that the Trustees came to a R Ablution upon the said Plan; which Resolution was lead; and is as follows:

" Fridas, 12th Jan. 1749."

" That the intended Pier be attempted, according to the Plan signed by the Chairman, and marked " with the Letter (A); subject to such future Al- terations as by the carrying bn the Work shall " appear necessary."

As several Plans were produced to your Committee, in the CourCb of this Examination, and referred to by the several Witnesses, without a particular Knowledge whereof it may be difficult to underfb.nd the Evidence, your Committee have thought proper to annex to this Report, Copies of the several Plans produced, drawn by a cont rafted Scale.

And, by the said Plan (A), the straight Lines appear to be carried due South iiom the Shore, and to shew that the Trustees at Hi ft only directed the Two Piers to be carried out in parallel Lines, without coming to any Resolution in respect to the Curves.

A Report of the 20 April 1730, was read, as follows:

4C That the Well Pier shall be canied S. and by K. in 44 a direct Line from the Pile they caused to be " drove under the Cliff, and the Building to begin " to be erected Forty Feet Distance from the Cliff;

44 which Vacancy is left fora Passage to the Pier u from each Side: u And that the Edit Pier being carried from the Land between the Saw Pit and the Flag StaffS. and 4< by E. in a parallel Line with the West Pier." And the Witness informed your Committee, that the Trustees had come to a Resolution to alter the said Plan. Then,

Sir Peter 7'hompfon, being examined, said. He was One of the Trusteees, and present at the Meeting when the said Plan was produced; and that he objected to its being totally confirmed, and would not have agreed to it, without the qualifying Words in the Resolution.

And, being asked his Reason, said, Because he thought the Entrance dangerous and bad; and that Ships, forced from their Anchors by a Storm in the Downs, could not have Room to turn their I leads to the West, as they necessarily mull, without running against the West Side, and (laving the Ship:

And that the Opening was at S. S. W.; but it was of no Consequence to what Point of the Compass the Harbour opened.

And, being asked the Question, he said, That Ships, when driven from their Anchors, would venture in, if the Entrance was fffe; but if there was not Room to turn their Heads to the West, there would be Danger.

Being asked as to the Size of the Harbour, according to Plan (A), he laid, He was one of those that would have had it much larger; and that an artificial Harbour cannot be too large:

That he thought the Flood Head, which is the West Head, ought to be further out than the Ebb Head; and that the Tide runs near Three Miles an Hour, upon a Spring Tide, at the Mouth of the Harbour:

That when there is Water enough for a Vessel to come into the Harbour, the Tide runs E. N.E.

That t here is no Danger from a West Wind, but from 1G

Mu riii. . 1755:

a Wind at S. W. and S. S. W.; for when the Wind at West, the Water in the Downs is as liuooth as the Thames. Then,

Captain John Barker, another of the said Trustees, being shewn the Pian, said, He was present when that was approved; and it was proceeded on until December 1753: That he generally attended the Meetings of the Trustees, and had not heard any Objection to the P an. since the time it was pvoposed, until the Year 175.7; but, at the time it was proposed, he and several otic;* were of Opinion it would never be good with that Opening: That, at low Water, in Spring Tides, the Entrance is only Three F. ot. Then,

The Report of a Survey of the Trustees, 4th Odcber 1755, was read.

Then the Minute Eock of the said Tin flees was read; whereby it appeared, that the said Survey was confirmed by a Board of Trustees, the 12th of Oeither 1753; and by which also the Trustees appear to have agreed to the Works which had been carried on till that time. And Captain Barker informed your Committee, That the Trustees, in December foil wing, agreed 10 contract the Harbour, according to Plan, N° 2.

Mr. Elliot then produced the Plan, N° 2, and informed your Committee, That the said Plan waspa-fented to the Board the Seventh of December 1753; a Copy of which Plan is annexed, and underwrote, 44 December 14 th, 1753. 44 This Plan, with an Opening South and by Well Half c< West, is recommended to the Trust by IV. Ockenden " and IV. Etheridge. Toe above Plan was this Day approved by the Trust, Peter MeyerV

He likewise produced the Minute Book of the said Trustees, dated 14 December 1753; and the following Entry was read:

4C Resolved, That the Harbour be contracted to 1,200 " Feet in Width, according to the Plan this Day laid before the Board by Mr. Ockenden V

And, being asked tire Question, said. There was a Survey made the January before; and produced the Minute Cook of the said Trustees, in which the following Entry, dated 26th January 1 753, was read:

44 Resolved, That Mr. Ockenden, and any other Gen-t€ tie men of the Trust, be cl e fired to go to Ram]gate, for 4i to confuit with the Surveyor there, and give Diregions u for a proper Plan to be drawn for the Extent and Manner the Work should be carried on and finished; 44 and that the said Pian shall be laid before the Board 4‘ for Approbation."

And Mr. Elliot produced to your Committee a Plan, underwrote,44 April 21st — T;f;s is the Plan recommended to the Trust by IV. Ockenden and IV. Etheridge*, " a Copy of which Flan is hereunto annexed, N° 3; and the Minute Book of rlie laid Trustees dated 4th May 1753, was produced; in which is the following Entry:

44 Read Mr. Ockenden'$ Report of ins Survey made at Ramfgaie, and considered the Pian for the carrying out the Work, which is signed by him and the Surveyor, 44 dated the 21st April.

Ordered, That the Surveyor proceed upon the old Plan till he receive further Ciders."

Captain Barker proposed explaining the Reasons fop Mr. Ockenden's making this Plan; and laid, that Mr. Ockenden found the maritime People were discontented with the first Plan, for want of a proper Curve; therer fore made a larger Curve in this, and by that means found deeper Water at the Entrance.

And being asked, Whether the First or Second Plan produced by Mr. Ockenden was the best ? answered; Th& Second.

He further said, That Mr. Ockenden then proposed to carry each Head a 100 Foot farther out; but the Expence appearing so great, and the Convenience so Imdl, by which only One Foot of Water would have been gained at the Entrance; the maritime People apprehending that Water might be come at at much Ids Expence, pro-poled carrying the West Head further to the Eafiward,

which

sS Geo. II.

14" Marta.

215

which would make r. larger Curve to receive Ships, and a much greater [depth of Water.

He further ia:c], That when Mr. Ockenden produced the Plan for contratfiing the Hathour (which Plan is annexed, N° 2), lie, Mr. Ockendmlaid, it would cause a Saving of/.. 20,000, and lie nnished in two Years Ids Time — That 'hit. produced long Debates, as Gentlemen had r.ever seen the Plan before it was produced at I lie Board of Trustees; at lead the Witness h id not — At the next Meeting, a Plan was produced by Mr. in which was ihevvn the Contraction of Mr. Ockrnn’eu'* Plan with a larger Curve to the West ward, which brought that Head to the fame. Opening, and the same Depth of Water at the Entrance, as Mr. Plan; in which

larger Curve were40 or 8oJ,-oot leis of Masonry, and the Winding in? (healer Water, than the contracted Cutve. This occasioned a Doubt from whence the Saving of £.20,000 and Two Years Expence, could arile.

These were the Rcatbns for the Minority’s di film ting from the Resolutions on Mr. s Plan.

He furl her laid, That there would be about Three Foot more Water at the Entrance, by carrying the West Pier Head nitre Eastward, than by the First Plan.

lie adds, that Mr. Ockenden was present at those Debates.

Mr. Ockenden's Report, preferred to the Trustees the

>{th May 1753, was read; wherein he fays, " I was always taught, that the Depth at the Harbour Mouth would " measur Five Feet, though built according to the First Scheme; whereas it now appears, upon Trial, that when " carried out 100 Feet further, the Entrance, at the lowed " Ebb of a Spring Tide, will have no more than Three " Feet and an Half of Water." And, in another Place of the fad Report, he fays, " It n6w lays us under the Necvlfit 7 ct extending the whole Work, into the Sea too

s Q

11 Feet beyond the original Ddlgnft’ And

Mr. Edict, bring further examined, laid. That from t!ie 1 ft May 1753, there was not any Order for a new Survey, or any other Proceedings of the Trustees towards aicertaiiung which would be the proper Place for the Harbour, thi the 14th December fallowing.

And, being asked, he laid, Thar the contrail ing Plan cf Mr. Ockenden was produced the said 14th December, without any previous Order of the Trustees.

He further laid, That the contracting Plan was produced before the Trustees the 7th December, when, great Dehares arising, the Confuieration vvas adjourned till the next Meeting, which was on the 14th December; and then it was relblvcd to be carried into Execution, on a Division of 23 Trustees against 15.

Mr. Bennett, another of the Trustees, and an elder Brother of the Trinity Hu life, being examined, laid, He bad been employed in Navigation Five or Six-and-Forty Years, and lud often navigated vShips in the Downs: That he was at the Board of Trustees on the 7th and 14th December 1753; and, being shewn Mr. Ockenden's Plan, N° 2. hereto annexed, laid, the said Plan was not founded on a Survey, nor were any Seamen examined with regard to the Utility of the Contraction; but he laid, he knew there was a Survey taken some time before, and reported to the Trustees in May 1753; but, at that time, there was no Contraction proposed; but that Mr. Ockenden might form the contracted Plan on that Survey:

That, at the Meeting on the i.jtli December, when Mr. Ockenden s Pi an was produced, he produced a Plan of his own, which he made from a Copy of Mr. Ockenden s, in order tofhew that the Depth of Water might be come at, without contracting the Harbour, and at less Expence: That he has been present at all the Surveys, except One; and is well acquainted with the Depth of the Water.

The Ileafons given for the Contraction were not satis-fi.story to him — That, in his Opinion, it will be a great Disadvantage 10 the Harbour; for as it is a Tide Harbour, Ships mu ft go in upon a Flood, which sets across the Mouth of the Harbour at the Rate of Three Miles Vul. 27,

an Hour; as fbon as the Head of the Ship enters the Harbour, it comes into an Eddy, at the !amc time that the Tide on the Stern cants the > hip round to the \*> eft-ward; and, for want ot lufticient Room in the contracted Curve, (he mu ft run against the Wall on (lie West Side; for the can’t let fall an Anchor to (lop her, for fear or running upon it; and should (lie let go an Anchor, and have Water over it, (he would lay in the Way of ar.y other Ship that might follow her; but the larger Curve would give her Koonrto shoot, till her Sails might be laid aback to Hop her Way, and then she would be out of the Way of any Ships that were following; and, after lhe was fee ure, five might he transporfed to the E.ft Side of the Harbour, to lay ready for iailing to We ft ward upon a fair Wind — That a Ship breaking loose in the Dozens, with her Yards and Topmafh down, has no other Sail at Liberty but her Forerop Stay Sail and Sprit Sail; and that she may run before Wind and Tide at the Rate of Seven Miles an Hour; and, when (lie enters the Harbour, lhe can’t avoid bringing to the Well ward, the Rudder not being able to overcome the Power of the Eddy.

Being asked, he said. That a Ship without Sails will (hoot much farther than with her Sails, to lay aback: That she will run 3 or 400 Feet, mu even then not flop without some Contrivance in the Harbour.

Being asked, it he would advise a Pilot to put a Ship into the Harbour, in case it were made in the best manner; in such a Gale of Wind as would force her from her anchors in the Dozens f he laid, he thought he was Pilot enough himself to do it; and, in his Opinion, several Pilots would.

BA; g asked the Question, lie said. There was only One Seaman who voted wuii the Majority of the Trustees for the Contraction (Captain Mac Dowd), and about Ten Seamen in the Minority.

Being asked, if all the Plans before him were not bad? he laid. He thought all the Plans might be amended, by carrying the Flood Head inn her out than the Ebb Head, and nuk nv the Welleri Curve ia gerr

V > O

That he was at Ran;forte in September Info, on a Survey, when the coniraftecl iftan was carrying on, though not exactly conformable to the Plan before the Committee, the Wall being a little more oblique.

Being asked the Question, he said. He thought it vl moil impoflibie for a Ship, coming into the Harbour, to bring up to the Eastward with the Wind at S. W.; and was it possible, she would be in great Danger of running foul ot Ships Mooring--' on the East Side.

And being asked, who was the Occasion of the Harbour’s Mouth being carried to the Eastward? he said, He believed it was Mr. Ockenden; for in his, the Witness’s Plan, he designed the Opening in the Middle.

O 1 J

He then produced to your Committee, Plan, N° 4. hereunto annexed, and laid, (lure wa>. no Plan laid before the Trustees by those maritime People in the Minority, they not havingyet been able to form any Judgment where the Mouth of the Harbour ought to be.

He said, that the Ulctulnels of the Harbour depends on the Largenels of the Curve, that Ship? may get out of the Way ot each other; and the larger the Harbour, the loaner the Water will settle.

Being asked, whether he had fixed on any Plan in his own Thoughts? he laid, Me had nor.

Mr. George Brooke laid. That he had been a Deal Pilot 37 Years, and is well acquainted with the Tides, Sands, and Shoals, in the Dozvns, and near That this will be a Tide Harbour; and that the Flood Tide will tit E. N. E. and, in the Dozens, the Flood lets N. Half Fail — That winds from S. S- W. to N. N. W. detain Ships in the Downs — That, upon thell Winds, the proper Time for Ships to put for Ramsgate Harbour is at hrgh Water, or at Two Hours, or an Hour and an Half after — That, with tliele Winds, was there Room in the Harbour, Ire would bring a Ship up with her Head to the We ft ward.

Being shewn the Plan, N* he said. If that Contra^-

tiwrt

R ?rr/?*'C Harbour.

2i 6 140 Mart 1755*

lion was made, there would not be A.fficic-nt Room for Mr. the King’s Pilot, being examined*

Ships to bring up, when they came into the Harbour; and it would render the Harbour useless.

He added, that, if he was forced from an Anchor in the Downs by a Storm at S. W. and the Harbour was thus contracted, lie shoulci doubt whether to go for the Harbour or not; he would rather run I.is Ship behind the Pier than attempt to go into the Harbour:

That when a Ship enters the Mouth of this Harbour, the Tide will turn the Stern to the Eastward, and bring the Head to the Well Side of the Harbour; and, if the Contraction is made, the will be in Danger of running her Head against the Pier; for, in Winds that deram Ships from going to the Westward, there is not Room in the contracted Plan for them to bring up.

Being shewn Captain Bennett's Plan, which is annexed, N° 4. and a iked h:s Opinion of it, he said, That if the contracted Part was taken away, the larger Curve to the Westward would leave a great deal of Room for Ships to bring up; but if the West Curve was made larger, it would be still much better:

That, in Winter, there are often large Fleets in the Downs, bound Westward, detained by the Wind; and many Instances of those Fleets being drove back after they have failed from the Dozens:

That Ships are frequently drove from their Anchors, and forced on Shore near R — That he believes,

these Ships, rather than come again to an Anchor in the Downs, would put into Ramprovided a proper Harbour was made; and that it the Contraction is made, there will not be Room, in his Opinion, for a Number of Ships following one another into the Harbour:

That Ships entering the Harbour with a South W. Wind , cannot bring up on the East Side; for, when they enter the Harbour, they run across the Tide; and when the Head of a Sir ip enters the Harbour, the Flood Tide takes the Stern, and heaves her Head to Westward; and before (he can be recovered by the Helm to make her wear, fire will tall down among the other Ships; to that there will not be Room to bring her Head to the Eastward; and as there is not Water enough to let go an Anchor to check the Ship, she must be in Danger of running aboard the rest of the Ships to Leeward:

That Ships can’t keep clear of one another when going in, unless there be a larger Curve to the Westward; and that outward-bound Ships must lie on the East Side of the Harbour.

Being asked, if a Ship did not wear quick, whether she would nor run on Shore before she could wear to the Eastward ? he laid, They may; for, in shallow Water, they don’t so well answer their Helm.

And being asked, he said. There would be Boats in RamfgateWarbour ready to a (Tift Ships in Distress in the Doivns, or the Goodwin, with Anchors and Cables; and these Boats will meet with more Sea to interrupt them, if the Harbour is contracted, than if the Coniradtion was taken away — That, in Gales of Wind, there will be a very great Sea on the contracted Side, as the Curve is so little; but if the Contraction was taken away, Sloops and Boats, with Anchors and Cables for atTifting Ships, might get out with much more Ease than they can, if the Contraction is made:

That he believes the Distance from the Mouth of the Harbour to the Land is u or 1,200 Foot, and the Curve on the West Side, according to the Contraction, is about 100 Foot; but he never measured it; but the Curve was very different from the Curve in the contracted Plan — That, with the Wind at S. W. it will be Sti.l Water in the contracted Part; but, with a S S. East Wind, there will be an ugly Swell:

That Ships, broke loose with those Winds, cannot get out of the Doivns, but must go to Ramsgate or Sandwich-, but, if the Contraction was made, rather than risk getting in:o Ramsgate Harbour, he would run his Sirip alhore; but if there was a larger Curve to the Westward, he would enter the Harbour, and bring her up on the West Side.

said, fie had belonged to the Sea 50 Years — that he is well acquainted with the Downs and with Har-

bour: That if is a Tide Harbour, and the Tide lets about E. N. E. and \Y. S. W. and at the Flood r. c.ire ft E.N. E. That the Tide runs cross the Mouth of I lie I Jarbour very rapid at Half'l ide — That Winds from S. and by E. to

N. W. and by \V. detain Ships in the Downs bound to the Westward — That, in thele Winds, on high W ater was the proper Time to put from the 0 W/'.S for Ran]-gate Harbour; and, when in the Harbour, he would bring up a Ship with her Mead to the Westward.

Being afkkd his Opinion of the contracted Pian, N°2. he laid, It the West Pier 1 lead must (land contracted, it would be bad, and no Ship could come in in bad Weather with Safety, and bring to with her Head to the Westward; because there is not Boom for her to (beet, especially in hard Gales; and (he would be in Danger of running against the contracted Part of the Pier, and (laving herself; and that it is rot safe to bring up a Ship in any other Way than with her Head to the Westward.

Being shewn the Plan, N° 4. with the larger Curve, he said, That Plan was much safer; and that there was no Companion between the Two — That the conrrafted Wall is dangerous, and will make a very great Sea, the Water not having Room to spread; if the Curve was even larger to the Westward than in thelargest Plan, it would be (till better — When a Ship comes into the Ilaibour, the Tide will turn her Head to the Westward, in spite of ail Endeavours to the cuntrary; and (he will run a great Way into the Harbour: That if the Contraction was taken away, there would he Room for the Water to spread, and it would be smooth: That Ships are often Wind-bound in the Downs in the Winter, and those Ships would rather (belter in Raws^ate Harbour than anchor there; for, in hard Gales, the Downs are very dangerous:

That it would be dangerous for Ships to follow one another into the Harbour with the contracted Curve; but if the Curve was larger, they would ft oner get out of the Way:

That Ships brought up in the Harbour will be laid on the East Side; that being the belt Place for Shelter, and to get out from'to Sea.

Being shewn the Plan marked (A), and a/ked his Opinion of it, he said, lie thought that would not make a good Harbour; for that it ought to be more curved on the West Side

Being again asked his Opinion of the cent rafted Plan, N° 2. he laid, It was nut likely to make a good Harbour:

That the Curve in both Plan (A) and the contracted Plan, was much the lame, and the Danger is nearly as great in the one as the other; but that the contractu! Plan coming more suddeniv out at Point (B), there would be Realbn to hope for a better Harbour from the Plan marked (A); but, as to the Danger, there was little Difference:

That if a Ship conics in without Damage, (he may lie as safe in the contracted Plan as the other.

Being asked the Question, he said, That ti e heft Point for the opening of the Harbour would be S. Half W.; and if the Mouth was more Eastward, it would be inconvenient, as the Current sets E. N. E.

That if the West Head was carried further out, the Sea would tumble in more, and make it more dangerous on the West Side; and there would be Danger of VeftlIs driving past the Mouth of the Harbour: and the Pier Heads ought to be set out at an equal Distance into the Sea:

That he had never been in the Harbour ftnee the con-trading Plan was carried on; but had talked to icvcral Pilots about it, who all agreed it would render the Harbour of little Use- — That none of the Fi rm, which he had seen would make a good Harbour: And being flicvvn Captain Bennett's Plan, N* 4, with the larger Curve, he said. That was the bell he had seen.

*8 Geo. II.

And being asked, whether the contracted Plan was not as good in every Respefl- as the Plan marked (A), laving that it was (mailer by 280 Foot ? he laid, He apprehended there was no great Difference, but in the Size: That the Welt Swe-p ought to be made with a larger Curve; for *tis impossible, as the present Plan is projected, to come in with Safety; and thinks it would be safer, if a Ship was drove from her Anchors in the Dozens, to run her behind the Pier than to go into the Harbour.

And being asked, as the present Contraction (lands, if a Ship comes in with the Wind at S. W. whether, after her Anchors were let go, (lie would have room to veer away, and bring up, without being foul of Stones, Anchors, or Ships ? he said, She could not with Safety.

Being asked, how many Vessels the Harbour would hold upon the contracted Plan? he said, He did not know; not having sufficiently considered it.

Being asked about the Depths of the Water, he laid. He had never founded them; and therefore could not lpeak to them.

Being asked the Question, he said, He thought a better Plan than any of these might be formed; and that a good and safe Harbour might be made at

H'illiam Etheridge, Surveyor of the Works carrying on by the Trustees, being shewn the Plans, said, They were not working by any of those Plans but produced the Plan they are working by, which is hereunto annexed, N° 6. This Plan differs by the Compals Ha.f a Point in the Opening, from the contracted Plan, agreeable to the Directions wrote under the said Plan.

Then Part of the Minutes of the Trustees, of the 20 April 1750, was read, as follow’?:

" Bead a Report tiom a Committee appointed the 19th M "January last, to make a further Survey of the Harbour, idc setting forth, That the West Pier shall be carried S. and by E. >n a direct Line from " the Pile they caused to be drove under the Cliff,

" and the Building to begin to be eiected Forty Feet " Distance from the Cliff; which Vacancy is left for " a Passage to the Pier from each Side; and that the " Ealt Pier be carried from the Land between the " Saw Pit and the Flag Staff, S. and by E. in aparallel Line with the West Pier."

Sir Peter Thompson, being again examined, said. That,

under the First Resolution of the Trustees, they intended to carry the East and West Heads in parallel Lines; and that the Curve should be Matter for future Consideration:

That the large Curve to the Westward could not be made but by carrying that Head to the Eastward; and, in his Opinion, it might be made a good Harbour, by turning the Entrance further to the Ealt:

That he dislikes all the Plans, the Entrance being dangerous; and he thought a more convenient Entrance might be made, by bringing the Piers out at Right Angles, and making the Harbour square, which would give Room for Ships to luff up, and the Mouth would be South, and secured by a Break Water from Wind and Sea; but it is impossible to determine positively till the Harbour is nearer being finished.

That he thinks, upon the contracted Plan, the Harbour may contain about 50 Sail of Ships, properly to lay in Safety.

Captain Robert Brooke, of Margate, being examined, said. He had been above 50 Years Commander of a Ship: That he was well acquainted with the Navigation in the Downs and about Ramsgate:

That the Flood Tides at Ramsgate Harbour set E. N. E. and the proper Time of Tide for bringing Ships which wait fora Wind, and are bound to the Westward, into this Harbour, is about Half Flood, when the Tide runs E. N. E. which, upon a Ship’s entering the Harbour, will bring her Head to the Westward; and she will run to the Westward before she can bring tu.

Being shewn the contracted Plan, N° 6. he livid. It was a very bad one; not having Curve enough on the West Vol. 27.

117

Side; and there is not Room for Ships to get clear of Rjmlgttp each other's Anchors; and is of Opinion, a square Plan Harbour would be better: That if a large Space was left to the West, he thinks the Entrance better where it is titan more to the Eastward:

That he has seen the Works now carrying on, and thinks they will spoil the Harbour, and prevent Ships coming in with Safety:

That, according to that Plan, he thinks the Harbout will not contain more than 30 Ships:

That the Trustees are undoing this Year what they did before, by taking up the Foundation, and contracting it:

That he is desirous of having a good Harbour at Ramsgate: That the Curve in the contracting Plan is not above 200 Foot; and that a Ship will shoot so far to the Westward upon entering the Harbour; and that Curve is nothing :it ought to be i,coo Foot.

Mr. Etheridge being asked. How far the Work had been carried on, before he had Orders for contracting it ? said, The Wall was carried as far as (A) in Plan, N® 2.; which Wall, he believes, is all to betaken up again.

John Beta Icy Esquire, a Commander in his Majesty’s Navy, being examined, said. That he was at Ramsgate last Summer, when they were beginning to contract the Harbour; and that he saw, by the Stakes and Scaffolding, where the Curve was intended; which, if carried into Execution, will ruin the Harbour;

That, in his Opinion, the most proper Time for Ship? to come into this Harbour is at hack Water upon the Flood Tide: When live enters the Harbour, (he mult bring up with her Head to the Westward, and, upon a Gale of Wind, will run some Way before Hie stops; and if the Curve is no more than 200 Foot, (he will run against the Wall; but if the Curve was 5 or 600 Foot, that would be the most useful Part of the Harbour; for, jf the Curve is smaller, Ships will be in the Way of one another upon coming into the Harbour.

Being shewn Plan, N° 4. with the larger Curve, he said, That was much better than the other Plans, and would not alter the Entrance into the Harbour:

That a Harbour at Ramsgate will give an Opportunity to outward-bound Ships to lay there, which would clear the Downs:

That it is very possible to fix upon a proper Plan to make a good Harbour there; but ’tis hardly possible to make a worse than that which is now executing:

That, from the parallel Lines carried out, the Curve might be larger, without altering the Point of the Com-pafsat the Entrance; but that Half a Point Variation is of no great Consequence:

That, upon a Ship’s coming into the Plarbour before Wind and Tide, (he will shoot to the Westward about 300 Foot; and that if they let go an Anchor, before the Ship has loft her Way, (he would run a Risque of bulging on her own Anchor.

Mr. James It. Clair, being examined, laid. He was a younger Brotl er of the 'Trinity House; had been a Seaman 36 Years, and is now a Mailer in his Majesty’s Navy:

That he saw the Works carrying on at Ramsgate in 1752, when the Stone Work was begun at the End of the Timber Work at the West Head; from which he imagined there was to have been a larger Curve carried out:

That he thought the Timber Work a sufficient Defence against the Sea; and that it would last 100 Years, with final! Repairs:

That he was again at R.am[gate last Summer, when they were taking up Part of the Scone Foundation that he saw set before, and building it according to the contracted Plan; which Foundation was about Five Foot high.

And being shewn the Plan, N° 2. he said. They were building Part of the Curve from the Point (Bj in the said Plan; to which Point, from the oid Work at Point (A), they were carrying on a Wall with lcofc Stones, which llanted a little,

3 K ' He

140 Martiu

Ramsgate

Harbour

2,18 14 Mar tit.A, 5.

He said, He was tvell acquainted with the -Navigation Mr. Martin Brooke, being examined; said, He lives at of the Downs — And being aiked as to the Winds, the k and has been concerned in Navigation 48

Time of Tide Ships are to go into the Harbour* the Manner they should bring up upon their entering, and the Danger that would attend the contracted Plan; he agreed with, and confirmed the Evidence given by, George Brooke, John Goodwin, and John Bentley Esquire; and added, that there was not roomenough in any of the Plans:

That Plan, N° 4. is the belt, and would be {till better, was there a larger Curve; and that if the contracted Plan is finished, as now executing, the whole Expence will be loft to the Public:

That if the cross Wall, from (A) to (B) in contracted Plan, N° 2. continues, a Ship that milled the Harbour, and run on the West Side, would inevitably be wrecked on that Wall.

Mr. John Sibfon, being examined, said, He had been at Sea upwards of 30 Years, and is well acquainted with the Navigation of the Downs; and he confirmed the Evidence given by George Brooke, John and John

Bentley Esquire, as to the setting of the Tides, the Winds that detain Ships in the Downs, the Time of going for the Harbour, and the Danger that would attend the contracted Plan, N° a.

He added, that the larger Curve may be brought to the same Place and Point of the Compass, at the Opening, as the Plan with the contracted Curve:

That he did not apprehend the carrying a large Curve to the Westward would materially affect or alter the Courses of the Tide:

That the old Harbour at Kamfgate may cpntain about 30 Sail of Vessels; and a Harbour built with a larger Curve to the Westward may contain about 200 Sail; and will always be full of small Vessels in Winter:

That the Harbour will be of general Use, more elpe-cially in Time of War.

Mr. Stephen Reed, being examined, said, He lives at Ramsgate, is now and has been Matter of a Ship 29 Years, and a Pilot above 30.

Being aiked his Opinion of the Plans, said. The larger Curve to the Westward would make the most commodious Harbour; and that it would be impossible to come safely into the Harbour with the smaller:

That the Pier Heads would come to the same Place, and make the Opening in the same Point of the Compass; and the Effect upon the Tide would be exactly the same in both:

That he has seen Ships this Year come into the Harbour, which, with the utmoftDifficulty, have avoided running on the Wall now carrying on at the West Head; of which there is about 300 Foot of the contracting Curve already built:

That formerly he had carried Two Ships into Ramsgate Harbour without their Rudders; but, had the new Harbour been built according to the contracting Plan, he durst not have attempted it; because, as loon as they had come in, they would have canted to the Westward, and run foul of the Pier.

Mr. George Haynes, being examined, said. He had been a Sailor from 10 Years of Age, was Matter of a Ship in 1731, and a Pilot in 1737.

Being shewn the Plan with the larger Curve and contracted Curve on the West Side, he said. That the larger would make the more commodious Harbour: That the Pier Heads might be placed at the same Point; and that both Curves would have the same Effect on the Current of the Tide:

That he did not think the contracted Plan would be intirely useless; but that Ships would be in great Danger of running against the West Side; which they would not be, if the Curve was larger:

That if one Ship should run against the Pier coming in, and others were following her, they would be all wrecked, by running against each other; but if the Curve was larger, they might get out of the Way,

21

Years.

Being shewn the Plans, he said, The larger Curve would make the more commodious Harbour: That the Pier Heads in both Plans might be fixed at the same Point of the Compass; and that the Tide would be equally fected by both the Plans.

Mr. Etheridge, Surveyor to the Trust, being again examined, informed your Committee, that, from the Point at Letter (B), where the contracted Curve begins, it is about 900 Feet to the Shore:

That, by this Plan, the Head of the West Pier is brought 286 Feet more to the Eastward, by a temporary Wall running East from the old Wont, marked (A), to (B); which was done to gain Two Feet more Water; and the contracted Curve from that will stand in deeper Water, than a larger Curve carried to the same Opening from the old Work at Point (A); and the Expence will be greater in deeper Water than Ihoaler.

Being aiked, If a Ship should run against the Wall of the smaller Curve, whether (he would not be in Danger of being wrecked ? he answered, Yes, if a Ship runs against any Wall, (he will be wrecked.

Being further examined, he said. That the Plan of Contraction, N° 2. was laid before the Trustees by Mr. Oc-kenden and himself, and was agreed to, subject to some Alterations:

That the Trustees ordered no Alteration, except that mentioned at the Bottom of the Plan, to his Knowledge; and he said, that he apprehended, from Point (B), at the End of the contracted Curve, the Wall was to be continued in a straight Line to the Shore; and then the temporary Wall, and the Timber at the W'eft Head, would be totally useless:

That a Curve might be brought from Point (A), the End of the old Work, to the same Pier Head as the contracted Curve; and the Opening would be to the same Point; but he apprehends that would occasion a Difference in the Setting of the Tides, and endanger Ships being bulged on the East Pier Head:

That he is working by a Plan, which brings the Opening to S. and by W. Half West.

Being aiked several Questions with regard to Navigation, he said, He was no Seaman.

Being examined as to the Expence, he said. That, by comparing Plan (A) with the contracted Plan, it would appear there would be £. 25,000 saved, and Two Years Time; for that aSo Feet would be taken off the End of the East Pier in Plan (A), which would have been in deep Water, which would be supplied by the temporary Wall from (A) to (B), in Plan, N° 2. which is built in Ihoal Water.

Being shewn the Plan, N° 4. with the larger Curve, and aiked the Difference in Length between the larger and smaller Curve, including the cross Wall, he said. It would be much the fame. He said, that 138 Feet of Stone Work has been taken up, which was about Four or Five Foot high, and n or 12 broad; for which he had a verbal Order of the Trustees.

Mr. Elliot, Secretary to the Trust, being again examin-

ed, said. There was not any verbal or written Order for taking up that Stone Work, to his Knowledge! Then,

Part of a Report of a Committee of Trustees, who made a Survey at Ramsgate, to a Board of Trustees at London, dated 9th October 1754, was read; and is as follows:

" The Timber Work, and 68 Feet of Stone Work, " agrees with the Committee’s Report of the 29th " September 1732; and the 138 Feet of Founda-

" tion, mentioned in said Report, is taken up."

Mr. Etheridge, being again examined, said, He had taken up that 138 Feet before this Report was made, except some loose Stones.

He further laid. That if the Harbour is to be finished according to the original Plan, it will cost a great deal

of

28 Ge<d. II. 14° Mariii, 2 *9

of Money to take up the Work that was done last . That he was one of the Trustees who begged, a Year. Meeting, that a Survey might be taken — - That it was

Being a/ked the Reason why he left off working at the carried against making any Survey by a Majority.

East Pier last Year? he answered, Because the Tides un- Captain Robert ,being again examined, /aid,

dermiued the Works, and he wanted Materials. He built the Timber Head by Order of the Trustees:

Mr. Bennett, being again examined, and /hewn Plan; That it was built with Oak as strongas possible; the N° 4. with the larger Curve, /aid. He offered that Plan to Substance of the Plank is Five Incites of Heart of Oak, the Trustees. and the cro/s Girdlers One Foot and 18 Inches square:

That the great Curve from the old Work to the West That it is upwards of ao Feet broad, and is a sufficient Pier Head, measures 838 Feet j and that the Building Fence against the Sea:

would be in ftioaler Water than the contracted Curve by That, in all Probability, it may last 100 Years, with One Foot, or One Foot and an Half; and that the 280 trifling Repairs; for that he projected the Pier at Mar- Feet laved at the East Pier by the contracted Plan, will be gate, which stands very well in a much greater Sea, and equally laved by the larger Curve. the Timbers not so strong as those at Ramsgate:

Mr. Barker, being again examined as to the Expence of That it hasmet with the general Approbation of all the the contracted Curve, compared with the larger Curve, Carpenters who have seen it; and that he had the Thariks laid, It was /elf-evident; for the Measurement of the of the Trustees lent by their Secretary r by Order of the larger Curve from the old Stone Work at the Point mark* Board, for his Care and Trouble, cd (A) in Plan, N° 2. is leis to the West Pier Head than To prove the Allegations of the Petition of the several from the old Work at the same Point (A) to the West Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, iti

Head, by the Contraction; and as the contracted Curve behalf of themselves, and others the Trustees under

will be built in more than One Foot deeper Water, cer- the Act of Parliament for enlarging and maintaining

tainly the larger Curve might befinished in lefsTime, and the Harbour of Ramsgate;

also at leis Expence: , The Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Com-

That there was 138 Feet Foundation 35 Feet broad, mittee, a Report made by a Committee of the said Truf-and Fire high, which was laid at a very great Expence, tecs to a General Board, dated 27th July 1749, in order to taken up without any Order from the Trustees; which, /hew that the said Trustees had, at the Beginning of their had it remained, would have made the Expence of the Works, regulated their Proceedings by the Advice of the larger Curve much less: most experienced Seamen; Part of which said Report was

That ifthe contracted Plan should becarried on, it will read, as follows;

t* necefaiy to take away the temporary Wall from (A) Thc R of the Committee appointed to view the to (B), in Plan, N* 2; and likewue the Plan from (A) t>,

to the Shore, for should they remain, and any Vessel bI f a' ne'V "

drove to the West Side of the Harbour, Ihemuft be de- tended to be made.

stroyed; but if they were taken away, /he might run " Your Committee, finding some Diversity in Opinion upon a Bed of Chalk, and save the Ship and Cargo. " about placing the Entrance of the intended Harbour,

He then produced to your Committee an Estimate to " they called together several Masters of Ships at shew that the Building of the Works, that are to be taken " gate, and examined them; and, as many other Circum-away, cost £.9,225: which is as followeth; viz. " llances were explained in these Examinations, relating

d :ij: , .1 n " to the Ute and Conveniency of the intended Harbour,

p^11 . j!1 rU. 1C ? - - £.45,000 " your Committee beg Leave to lav the Whole before

To " = FeetTlttr a. West hYid ": fc®. be be better understood, it

f5* .; ’r "is necessary to explain the Nature of the Tides in the

*<j r&* c. \xt t, i ~ " £‘4->3°5 " Downs, and the adjacent Shore.

68 13 Stone Work complete, at rp» r j i -r\ c *. c c* ijt

r " 1 he Stream or 1 ide in the Downs lets for Six Hours

fn." " t- . " 2,040 " to the Northward, or at least between the North and

138 O Foundation, 3S F. broad, ‘Mhe East; and then for the next Six Houta, the Stream

rVtf^w 11 r ° " turns and sets to the Southward, or between the South

T , r0 S, p " p " and the West; but the Time of high and low Water

a ing up 3 e oun a" «< does not correspond to the Beginning and End of these

ion - - - - 1,000 " Streams, for it is high Water about Two Hours after the Stream has run to the Northward, and low Water

9>22$ " Two Hours after the Stream has set to the Southward;

rf.T u r . " so that when the Tide first sets in to the Northward,

Ifthe Harbour go on in its present <t al r ’

Fl- c . , there is more than 1 wo Ihirdsot the Water rilen, and

Contract.on, th.s bnm ts wholly hi?b Water hap[MS ab(>ut Tw<J Ho^ after_This

Cost of the West Head to be taken " beinS Premised’ your Committee observe, that Captain

uV ... 1 . _ _ __ " Martin Long, Captain Spencer, Captain John

7 c. " d -i'r " . 9>a25 " Captain Captain George Joad.

° , e5jp. ..°ne con rac" Captain George Hooper, Captain IVm. Spencer, Captain

ted Wall not fim/hed, lay £. 20 , W;//^ Ca£jn Brook^ Captain

r °° o" ,7 I 1? a ,0°° if 171(15 Abbott} and Captain John Hills, being separately

756 Feet Stone WaU at the East ,mined> ’did tha^the dangerous Wind,

Head a. £.30 f Foot - - - na,68o . in the Dmm, w=re &om ,he Soul|l Sou^ to the

Miteria s and other dead Stock - - 2,000 c 0 a , rr , cu

J_____ " South South West j and that the lime when Ships run

39»9®5 the greatest Risque of being forced from their Anchors,

" is, when the Northward Stream sets in , and that about

Deficient by not allowing enough for the " the same time, or at the Beginning of the Northward

Building - -- -£.5,155 " Stream, was the most prudent Time for such Ships as

- = " /hould intend for Ramsgate Harbour to flip their

And added, that, in the Place of the said Works, from " Cables — That in eitherCale they would have the Wind

Point (B), at the End of the contracted Curve, a Wall " and Tide with them whilst /landing for and

must be carried to the Shore, which will cost at least " on their Arrival at the Pier Heads, they would find it

£. 20,000 if buHt with Stone: " near high Wafer, allowing an Hour from the Downs to

That, besides that extraordinary Expence, more than " the Harbour; so that this new Harbour will be very

4-th Part of the Harbour will be taken away by the Con- " favourably situated with regard to the Casualties now to

trad ion: *c be dreaded in the Downs.

Voj.. 27. Ti

Ram rotate Harbour.

1

Ramffcate

Harbour.

iid 140 Martii A. 1755.

" The same Captain’s beingafked their Opinion in regird to the placing the Entrance of the new Harbour, M whether it would be best at South, South South West, " or South West, they unanimously agreed, that the Entrance t > die South South West was to be preferred, " they apprehending, that ifitwereplacedfull South, the " Northern Tide would run so strong across it, as to render it difficult to come in; and at South West they " feared there m ght be too great an Indraught of Sullage: They were fume of them persuaded, that, the " better to prevent the collecting of Sullage, the Two " Pier Heads might be equally advanced to the South, " where if isto bereme nbcred, that all those Bearings are " by the Compass, without any Allowance for the Variation which is now in the Downs, Point West.

" Your Committee have not been inattentive to the 0 Inquiry, whether the same or Frame of the Piers ought " to be construded with Wood or Stone; on the Whole, " they have no Doubt but Stone is much to be preferred to Wood, were not the Expence so much greater; " They have besides found a very cogent Motive on the " Spot for ddliking Wood, since they find the Worm " bites considerably in the present Pier, as will appear " from the Specimen produced herewith."

Then in order to shew, that in January 1749 Plan (A), marked N° 7, hereunto annexed, was recommended to, and approved by, the Trust — the Minutes of the said Board of Trustees, of the 12th of January 1749, were read, as follows:

u The several Plans, Scdions, Models, and Proposals rt for building the Harbour, which were examined at this n and the preceding Minutes, were taken into Consideration; and the following Resolutions were agreed to:

" That the intended Pier be attempted according to *r the Plan lignedby the Chairman, and marked with the " Letter (AJ,subjectoluchfuture Alteration* as, by the l( carrying on the Work, shall appear necessary."

That the West Pier be begun, and carried on from " the Cliff with Wo d. and the East Pier with Stone to " low Water Mark Neap Tide, unless the Trust shall " think proper hereafter to make some Alterations." Then in order to shew where the Trustees intended to carry the Pier Heads out from the Land, a Letter from the Secretary of the said Trustees to Mr. 'Thomas their Mason, was read out of the Letter Book of the said Trustees, dated the 9th February 1749, Part of which is as follows;

" You are, at Ramsgate, to make a general Survey of

" the intended Harbour, and particularly of the Plan and " Foundation; The intended East Head is to be carried " out with Stone upon; the present Intention is to build " it parallel with the Two Piles which were drove by the " Direction of the Committee of the Trustees, at their " Survey, which is about 700 Foot from the Point of " the present Pier Head."

Then in order to shew that Mr. was defiled

to prepare a proper Plan, in order to finish the said Harbour, the Minutes of the said Trustees, of the 26th nuary 1753, were read, as follows;

" Resolved, That Mr. Ockenden, and any other Gentlemen of the Trust, be desired to go to to

" consult with the Surveyor there, and give Directions " for a proper Plan to be drawn of the Extent and Manner the Work should be carried on and finished; and " that the said Plan be laid before the Board, for Approbation."

Then Mr. Ockenden'sReport, in pursuance of the last mentioned Survey to the Trustees, dated the iftof May *753. was read; Part whereof is as follows:

" Gentlemen,

" Agreeable to your Request, I have been at Ramsgate, and gone through all the Particulars you did me " the Honour to rest rto my Examination. — The uncommon Lownest of the Ebb Tides, and the extreme Calmnels of the Weather, gave us a moll favourable Opportunity to measure the Depth of the Water where the " Pier is intended to be run: Your Surveyor began by

" drawing a Base Linealong the Bottom of the Harbour, " and from thence geometrically determined the Point " where the Middleoi the Entrancemuft be placed, if the " Piers are carried out too Feet beyond the original " Plan. We then went on Board a Boat, rowed ofi from " Shore, and fixed a final 1 Pile in that very Point between " the Two intended Oftagons which are to form the Mouth of the Harbour: After this, your Surveyor, " in the same manner, drove a Imall Pile in the Middle " Point between the other Tw'O' OCtagons, more to the " East; and, by Means of these Maiks, was enabled to " trace out at Sea the whole Line of the Piers. We fathomed it very carefully in every Point from Octagon " to Octagon, at lowed; Ebb Tide, for Three Days succesfively, and took tire various Depth of Water with " greater Correctness than has been attempted at any " other Measurement; all which are wrote down in the Plan your Surveyor has drawn for the Approbation of the Trust, and to which we have both let our " Names.

" As the Waterwhere the Western Pier is to be carried " out proves much (hallower than what was expected, " so I cannot but regret our having placed the Harbour " so much that Way, since it now lays us under an absolute Necessity of extending the whole Work into " the Sea 100 Feet beyond the original Design, and " even then we shall not gain that Depth of Water " which might have been otherwise obtained.

" I was always taught, that the Depth of the Harbour’s Mouth would measure Five Foot, though built " according to the First Scheme; whereas it now appears " upon Trial, that, when carried out 100 Feet further, " the Entrance, at the lowed Ebb ot a Spring Tide, will " have no more than Three Foot and a Halt of Watery ‘‘ but your Surveyor proposes to deepen it a Foot and a " Half after the Octagons are erected."

Then in order to shew that the Plan recommended by Mr. Ockenden, in his Report above mentioned, was not

agreed to, and tlui the Trustees resolved to proceed upon the original Plan, the Minuie'-of the said Trustees, of the 4th of May 17 ;3, were read; Part of which is as follows:

" Read Mr. Ockenden's Report of a Survey made at " Ramsgate, and considered the Plan for carrying on the

" Work, which was signed by him and the Surveyor, " dated 21 ft April.

Ordered, That the Surveyor proceed upon the old " Plan till he receive further Orders."

Then the Minutes of the said Trustees, of the 13th July 1753, were read; Part of which is as follows:

" The Board wasacquainted, that Pilesare drove at the " East Pier for the carrying the Work 80 Feet beyond " the Foundation set with Po Block Stone.

Ordered, That the Surveyor be directed to begin " the Curve from the outmost of these Piles."

Then a Letter from the Secretary of the Trustees to the Surveyor, dated the 14th July 1753, was reath as follows:

" Yesterdaj", at the Board of Trustees for the Harbour " of Ramsgate, they were acquainted, that Pilesare drove

" at the East Pier for the carrying the Work 80 Feetbcyond the Foundation set with Portland Block Stone, " from the outmost of which Piles the Board direct that " the Work begin to make the Curve."

Then the Agent produced to your Committee the Plan for the contracting the said Harbour, and also the Working Plan made in pursuance of the Resolu-tiorf wrote under the contracted Plan, which laid several Plans are annexed in the Appendix, marked N° 8 and 9; which said contracted Plan, he informed the Committee, was recommended by Mr. Ockcu-den, in order to obtain a greater Depth of Water ac the Entrance.

Then the Minutes of the fitd Trustees, of the 7 th of December 1753, were read; Part of which is as follows:

" Adjourned till next Friday, and then to take into " Consideration the Plan of the Harbour; for which " Purpose.

* Ordered,

2&Geo. II. i4* Martii. .221

Ordered, That a General Meeting of the Trust be " summoned."

Then the Minutes of the said Trustees, of the 14th of December 1753, were read; Part of which is as follows:

" Resolved, That the Harbour be contrafted to 1,200 " Feet in Width, according to the Plan this Day laid before the Board by Mr. Otken

*' Carried* on a Division, 8 to 15."

Then in order to shew that the Works carried on upon thecontrafted Plan were approved of, upon a general Survey, the Minutes of the said Trustees, of 27th September 17 54, were read; Part of Which is as follows:

" Resolved, That the Committee of this Trust, which " was appointed the 4th July 1749, be desired to meet at " Ramfgateon TuefJay t he J ft next, to examine into

" the Works, and such other Matters, relative thereto, as " they may think proper; and that the Committee do "report their Opinion to the next Hoard thereon."

And in order to shew that this was a general Survey of the whole Trust, the Minutes of the said Trustees, of the 4th July 1749, were read; by which it appears, that the

Committee then appointed was to consist of several Gentlemen part icularly named, and such otherol the Trustees as would be pleased to attend.

Then the Report, dated the 9th of October 1754, of the said Committecof Trustees appointed the 2 7th September 17 54* was read, as follows:

" The Committee appointed by this Board the 27th "of September lull, to examine into Works, and such " other Matters, relative thereto, as they may think pro-. per, did, in pursuance thereof, meet at , and

" fat Tut'fdeythe 1 ft, and Wednesday the 2d, instant; and

" do make the following Report:

" Tour Committ©e,havingexamined the Piers at Rams-. "gate, do approve the Works now carrying on with " great Diligence and Ability by your Surveyor.

"Your Coin mi ttceare of Opi n ion, that the Contraction " made by Older of the Board will leave the Harbour . large enough to contain more Ships than ever will have * Occasion to lie there at the same time; and that the . " Curve at the West Pier, continuing the same as in the " original Plan, will give (efficient Room for the Ships to " bring up after they have entered the Harbour."

Then, in order to shew that the said Petition nowun-der Consideration was an Act of the said Board of Trustees

The Minutes of the said Trustees, of the 7th of February 1755,were read; as follows:

" Read, a Copy of a Petition of several Merchants,

" Owners and Matters of Ships, and Pilots, lately pre-" fented to the House of Commons, and referred to a " Committee, in relation to Ramsgate Harbour:

Resolved, That a Committee of 15 Trustees be ap-u pointed to oppose the said Application to Parliament;

" and that they, or any Five of them, be impowered to take such Meai'ures therein as they Avail think fit, in order to "Jnftify the Proceedings of the said Trustees in respect to "the laid Harbour."

Then the Agent informed the Committee, that the present Petition was ietded and approved of by the said Committee of Trustees, according to the Power vested in them by the said last mentioned Resolution.

Then the said Agent called,

Mr. Thomas Preston, who had been employed as Stone Malon in building the Cud Harbour since February 1749: Who, being examined, acquainted the Committee, That the Dimensions of the Harbour on the contrafted Plan was 200 Foot in the Western Curve, 1,200 Foot clear from Eastto West, and 1,700 from North to South; and that Two Foot more Water has been gained at the Entrance of the Harbour by the contrafted Plan.

That in consequence of the before-mentioned Letter from the Board, dated the 9th of February 1749, he marked out the West Pitr 700 Feet Westward from the pld Pier; but that some of the Trustees, viz. Captains Brooke, Conway, Bennett, Bark, and, he believed. Captain Hughes, came down ia Week following, and

VOL tj.

altered the fcttirlgoff of the Piers; and carried them 277 Feet more to the Westward; but that he did not know whether they had any Regard to the Soundings in that Alteration, and if the Piers had been carried out where they were originally designed, and he was ordered to fix the Piles, Five Foot and Half Water would have been gained at the Mouth of the Harbour;

Being cross-examined, he laid, That the same Depth 6f Water may be obtained at the Mouth of the Harbour, without making the Contraction, which Would have made the Harbour larger to the Westward, but that the Harbour would not have been better for it, because it would have been more liable to fill with Sullage, which would naturally follow the larger Curve, which lays the Pier Heads the more open for it to go in* and the Tide would let quite round it: and that he thinks it is not possible to extend the West Pier to be even with the East* without altering the Point of the Compafsat the Opening of the Harbour: That he never law any Plan for that Purpose; and, if it can be done, it will make a very ugly Figure:

That the contrafted Plan will save Money, because it takes off a great deal of the Work in the deepest Water.

And being asked, if the Part of the Harbour taken off by the Contraction was deep or shallow Water f he said, Moll Part of it was dry Land, and the rest from Two to Four Foot Water; but that the Tide flows 19 Foot at Spring Tide, and about Ten Foot at common Tides.

Being asked, how it was possible that the contrafted Curve should be cheapest, since it was to be built, by his own Account, in deeper Water? he said, they could build as cheap in the Water as upon dry Land, because they could bring the Work above low Water in One Tide;

D # *

but that the Wall must be higher, whichoccafioned it to be more expen five.

Being asked whatWork had been done upon the C0ft*> trafted Plan, N# 9? he laid, The Stone Wall from (a) to (b) is 340 Feet in Length, the Breadth of the Foundation 36 Feet, and Part 25 Foot high, some Part not so high — That 68 running Feet of that Wall is about Five Foot high, 191 Feet 25 Foot high, and 80 Feet about Seven Foot high: That the Expence of this has already amounted to between 9 and £.10,000 including the Crois Wall from (c) to (D); and that the taking it up will be very dilticulc, and more expensive than the building of it, because the Work is funk in Cafes.

Being asked the Question, he laid, They had worked on the contrafted Plan since April last, and were now at work upon it, as he believed, for that he had no Orders to (lop since the Petition to Parliament.

Being asked the Question, he said, In his Opinion the 280 Feet at the End of the East Pier, which is cut off by the contrafted Plan, will be a Saving of £.25,000 to the Trust; and that the Expence of the Alteration was but very trifling, being nothing more than pulling up the Foundation — That the Cross Wall from (c) to (d) is Part of the Expence of the contrafted Plan; but that is only a temporary Wall of loose Stones, or a Magazine of Backing, which lie believes is to be employed in other Works — That the said Wall is made use of as a Wharf, and saves the Expence of Cartage and Lighterage.

Being asked how much Stone Work had been Ipid down on the original Plan, which was not describedin the contrafted Plan ? lie said. About 138 running Feet, 35 Feet wide, and Five Feet high.

Being asked how much more Work must be taken up to carry the contrafted Plan into Execution ? he said. There remained some Stone Workof the old Plan, which was 68 Feet in Length, 35 Feet broad at Bottom, 50 Feet in Length at Top, and about 25 Foot high — That if the contrafted Plan is carried into Execution, this Stone Work must be all taken up, as well as the Timber Work, from (e) to ff), which is 615 Feet, and the Whole may perhaps cost£.x,oooo; and that he believes it may be cheaper to remove the Stone out of the large Plan to the contrafted Plan, than to bring Materials from the usual Place. Being

Rmcfjtt*

Harbour.

L*

424

14* Martiu ^.1755.

Being aflted, whether, if the contracted stan tfras cit* tied into Execution, it would not be necessary to carry a Wall from (b) Northward to the Cliff? he said? That was left for a future Consideration; but that, if if waa done.it would notcoft less than £. 15,000.

Captain Thomas Taylor, being examined, said, That he had uled the Sea 20 Years, and was at lad Sum-

mer; and that the Harbour there is a Tide Harbour:

That the most dangerous W inds to Ships in the Downs are from S. S. W. to S. E. and by S.

That gaining 2 \ Foot Water at the Entrance is a great Benefit to the Harbour; and that no Ship can get into the Harbour without Steerage Way, in which Caie there is no Danger of running against the West Pier, if executed according to the contracted Plan, in any Weather: That the Tide sets E. N. E. and W. S. W. from Sandwich, over the Flats; and that a Ship in a Storm may run against the Mole Head before she comes into the Harbour; but, when (he is in it, there is no Danger at all of her running against the West Pier; and that the contracted Harbour will be sufficient to contain too or

150 Sail of 180 Tons and under, which will be as many as will ever take Shelter there at a time; for that a Ship of 300 Tons cannot come in, except just at high Water:

That, when this Harbour is finished, a great Number

of small Ships of 200 Tons, and under, will take Shelter in it, to wait for a Wind; but Ships that are (harp-built won’t go in, because they cannot take the Ground with Safety:

That this Harbour, according to the contracted Plan, will be convenient for supplying Ships in Distress in the Downs with Anchors, Cables, and other Necessaries, and will be of general Advantage and Utility.

Being crols-examined, he was asked, whether, if the Harbour was made with a larger Curve to the We ft ward, it would not be more useful ? he said, It was as useful, if

not more so, with a smaller Curve, for that the larger Curve

will make the WestMole Head within the East: Head, and will cause a greater Sweep, so that the Sullage from Sandwich Flats will come round the West Pier, and the East; Pier Head will be aLip to receive and drive it into tht Harbour; and that the Water gained by the larger Curve is so (hallow, that it will be of no Use; so that the Harbour, according to the contracted Plan, would hold as many Vessels as the large one, and the Entrance be as (afe.

Being asked the Question, He said, That the Water in the larger Curve was 15 or 16 Foot on a Spring, and 10 or 11 on a Neap Tide $ and that the Water in the contracted Plan was Two Foot deeper: That feme Ships of t8pTons draw 13 Foot Water, but that 12 Foot is sufficient for Ships of 150 Ton; and that no Ships will lie en the West Side, but go over to the East Pier directly.

Being asked what Time of the Tide would be proper to bring a Ship into the Harbour ? he said, A small Vessel would come in at or I Flood, but a large Vessel can’t come in at all — That he should not chuse to come in at high Water, but would endeavour to get in a little before; and, when he came into the Harbour, if the Wind was to the Eastward of the South, he would bring up to the Eastward; but if to the Westward of the South, to the Westward: That he would run into the Harbour or 500 Foot ih a direct Course; and then, if the Wind was at S. West, he would bring his Ship’s Head up to the Westward.

Being asked (he Question, he laid, The Tide would have very little Effect on the Stem of the Ship, after her Head was got out of the Current: That it would give her a little Yaw to the Westward, but that Ihc would be in no Danger of running against the West Pier.

Being asked what Depth of Water there was at 500 Foot within the Harbour? he said, Heapprehended about 13 Foot at i Flood upon a Spring Tide, which was more, as he believed, than was by the Side of the contracted Curve.

' Being asked, whethir, if he was to put for the Har-' feour in a Vessel with the Wind at S. W. which would 20 -

bring the Wind and-Tide oh his Larbodrd Quarter at the Entrance of the Harbour, he could be at any Certainty that a Ship under these Circumstances would answer her Weather Helm i he said. He was positive flic would, if there was Wind enough to go in with; and that Ships answer their Helms as well in Ihoal as in deep Water, provided they don’t ground — That when a Ship goes in with the Wind at S. West at the Rate of Four or Five Miles an Hour, (he would (boot 200 Foot; but that he could allow her or 500 Foot, and yet not touch the Pier:

That if the Wind was at S. S. E. and 13 Foot Water in the Harbour, and no Vessels there, he would go into the Harbour as far as he thought proper, and then bring to the Eastward.

Being asked whether Ships are to be moored in the Harbour with Anchors ? he said, No Man in his Senses would let goan Anchor in that Harbour — 'That the Harbour will contain 150 or aoo small Vessels, and no large ones will ever go in — That he thinks there is no Danger in, ladling them along-side one another — That large Ships may occasionally lie along-side cl small ones; but no Ship will lie along-side of another that draws Five Foot less Water to ground with her, for the Ship that draws the mod; Water will ground the first:

That the Harbour can never be a good one, either or» the contracted or the larger Plan; for that the West Pier ought to have been placed where the East Pier is, and another Pier made to the Eastward; by which means i2Foot Water might be gained at the Entrance of the Harbour, and it would have been sufficient to have received an East India Ship; but that this Plan would have been more expo n live.

Captain David MDoivall, One of the Trustees fur Ramfgale Harbour, being examined, laid. That he had used the S.a about 30 Years, and was acquainted with Ramsgate Harbour — That if the said Harbour was finished according to the contracted Plan, Ships coming info it would ne in no Danger of running against; the Welt Pier in any Wind or Weather: That the Harbour is large enough to hold more Ships from 150 to 200 Tons than will ever have Occasion to come in at one time: That it is convenient to supply Ships in Distress in the Doivns with Anchors, Cables, and other Necessaries, and will be of general Use and Advantage, particularly to small Vessels.

Being cross-examined, he said, He had not used the Sea for the lash 14 Y’ears: That the Depth of Water S. and by W. HalfW. from the West Pier Head is not above 4f Foot, and from the East Pier Head above Six Foot at low Water: That he founded it last Y’ear, before the Contraction was resolved upon; and that he found by thele Soundings, that the Western Pier was laid too far to the Westward:

That he was One of the Committee of Trustees who went to Ramsgate in 1753; who made a Survey, and a Report in consequence thereof; but no Ment ion was made in the Report, of the Contraction which was resolved upon on a Motion made by Mr. O, which Motion was founded on the said Survey: That Mr. Ockenden pro-poled the Contraction; the Seamen opposed it; and it was carried in favour of Mr. s Motion by a

Majority of 30:

That in general the Seamen are the best Judges, and that they were all against the Contraction but the Witness himself and Captain bajjhctt:

That One Reason for the Contradion was, the laving of Expence and Time; for that Mr. Ockenden laid there would be a Saving of f .70,000, and the Work would be finished Three Years sooner; but that no Estimate was laid before the Trustees, but only a random Gucls: That the ’Trustees never applied to Mr. Ockenden for an Kfti-mate, he being a Gentleman of Reputation, and therefore they came into his Scheme.

Being asked his Reason for thinking lb much Tima and Money would be saved ? he laid, It was that the firtalier Curve would not be lb long in building.

'. -Being

i8 Gfio. II.

»4# Martii.

243

Being asked ifthe larger Curve would not have ftckSd in Shallower Water than the smaller ? he said, If must have run further out j and that it could not be fixed at the same Place, to make the Harbour oped to the same Point of the Com pals.

Being asked whether a Wall rinift not be carried front Point (b) to the Shore, according to the contracted Plan? he laid, The Trustees had come to no such Resolution* nor given any Orders about it; but if such a Wall should be built, it would be an additional Expence: That, by this Contraction, there will be a Saving of a8o Feet at the West End of the East Pier, in Seven Foot Water.

And being asked, whether, ifthe larger Curve should be brought to the same Point as the contracted one, the Saving would not be the lame? he laid, The Saving as to the East Pier would be the lame, and that both Plans would be pretty near equally expensive; but in that same the Entrance of the Harbour would be upon a different Point of the Compass, the Sullage would be brought in much greater Quantities, and that the larger Curve would in general be a Disadvantage to the Harbour.

Mr. John Hayes, being examined, said, That he is Matter of a Ship, and has used the Sea 13 Years, but has never been at Rnmfgate, but has been in the Hoad of Ramsgate several times.

Being shewn the contracted Plan, N° 9. and examined thereupon, he said, That the gaining of Two Foot Water at the Entrance of the Harbour is of vciy great Confer quence — That no Ship will make for the Harbour unless (he has Steerage Way; in which same there is not the least Danger of her running against the West Pier: That the Harbour would contain 150 of such Ships as are fit to come in there, and at the same time leave sufficient Room for any Ship to come into the Harbour: That he believes small Ships bound to the Westward would take Shelter in this Harbour, in ordef to wait for a Wind, but that the Witness himself would not do it; and that the Harbour is very convenient for supplying Ships in Distress in the Downs with Anchors, Cables, and other Necessaries, and that the Harbour would be of general Benefit — That he thinks a larger Curve to the Well Pier would be a Detriment to the Harbour, for that it would cause the Tide to run more rapidly, and make it more difficult to go into the Harbour; and that the East Head lying further out, would catch any Soil or Dirt drove that way.

Being cross-examined, he said. That he was no Pilot; but he could be as good a Judge of the Harbour, by passing by it, as it he had been in it: That he could carry a Ship from the Downs into this Harbour, but should not Chuse to do it without a Pilot:

That he does not know how high the Tide flows at Rmfgate; but, when it’s Young Flood in the Downs, Vis Half Flood there:

That if he was to bring a Ship into this Harbour with the Wind at S.W. he would bring her up with her Head to the Westward: That (he would take a Run, and that some Ships will answer their Helms (boner than others: That it would be necessary to run her 3 or 400 Foot in* to the Harbour before he should attempt to bring her round: That he does not suppose there would lie lb many Ships in the East Pier, as to prevent his running into the Harbour in the Manner described; and if Four or five Ships were to follow one another, he would run among the Ships, and then turn to the Westward; but ifthe Ships were in the Way, he could not come in — That Three or Four or more Ships may be drove from the , at one time; and if they were to come into Ramftaie Pier, their bed Way would be to run straichtalhore; and it Wduld be almoftimpoflible toavoid it, if they had no Anchors arid Cables — -That the Tide runs cross the Mouth of the Harbour at the Rate of Three or Four Miles 2n Hour; but that will have no Effect on the Stern of the Ship; but what may be prevented by her Sails and 'her Helm, if there art ariy Mariners on board; but if no Care is taken of the Helm, to be sure it would bring her Head up to the West-Vol. 27.

hrahJ; and that a Ship, with her Head out of the Tide; kamfgite and her Stern in it, will (leer in a Breeze of Wind. Harbour.

Being asked; whether the contracted Curve, as it would meet the Tide nearer at a right Angle than the larges £urve, wduld riot; upon that Account; give it a more hidden Check, and consequefltly cause it to rtin cfofs the Mouth of the Harbour with greater Velocity than the larger Curve ? he said. It would not f for that it would Hop tipoh the contracted Curve, and creep gently round; and that he never knew it do otherwise in any jetty Head.

Beirigalked, why he would not put iiito Har-

bour to wait for a Wind ? he said. He could afford to keep better Anchors and Cables than some Eersons could; and that he would try to ride it out in the Downs That he believes very few Ships, who were Well furnish* ed with Anchors arid Cables; would take Shelter there; and that he thinks the Entrance will be faferln the contracted than extended Plari.

But being asked the Questiofi, he laid, That if he was riding to the Northward in the Downs, and a Ship in hii Hawle, that he knew had bad Anchors and.. Cables, he should be glad to put into this Harbour; td get out of her Way; and said, he would not carry the West Head fur- therout than the East.

Captain LeonardKelhaminformed the Committee; That he used the Sea very near 60 Years — That he is acquaint- ed with the Harbour at Rdmfgate; was there Four Months

this Summer;-and that the Tide sets*E. N. E. Half E. and W. S. W. HalfW. — That the Gaining of Two Foot Water at the Entrance is of great Consequence —

That no Ship will venture in without Steerage Way, and that there is no Danger of running against the West Pier in any Weather, when finished according to the contracted Plan, if it is a Mariner who commands the Ship, and that the Harbour will contain about 150 Sail of Ships That small Ships, will take Shelter there, to wait for a Wind; and that ’tisvery convenient for supplying Ships in Distressin the Downs with Anchors, Cables; and other Necessaries:

That a Pier with a larger Curve brought to the same Point at the Entrance would not be so good as the con* traded Plan, because the Harbour being so much larger would contract the Tide, and not make it run so true oil the Outside, and the Water would be (hoaler on the In-« side, and it would cause a greater Quantity of Sullage at the Mouth; and that the contracted Pier will be of general Benefit, and one of the best Piers in Europe of a Tide Pier, when finished.

Being asked his Reason why he thought there was no Danger of a Ship, coming in, running against the West:

Pier? hi laid, A Ship coming in mull have Regard to the Tide, and put her' Helm a-port to avoid coming near the West Pier; and then he would run her in, as he saw Ships in the Pier, or run her ashore, as was most con* "venient — That a Sailor may sufficiently guard against the Ship's running upon the West Pier, though a Ship has not so much Command of her Rudder in Ihoal asin deep Water; but (he will answer her Rudder when her Head is out of the Tide, and her Stern in it.

Being asked the Question, he said. That Two Foot Water at the Entrance of the Harbour might beobtained by the largeras well as the contracted Plan; but it would bring in a great deal of Sullage from Sandwich Flats and the Shoals of Pegwell:

That be remembers the old Harbour, the Mouth whereof opened to the Westward: That the Sullage would cortie from the Westward: and that he has been informed tht old Harbour, in about 50 Years time, wasTwo Foot1 shallower, from the Sullage driven in, attd that it wit not lb much exposed as the new one will be.

Being asked how he proposed to moor 150 Vessels' ill the Harbour ? he laid, Within the East or Well Pies Head, as he saw moll proper — That it would be fafef lying within the West Pier Head, in the contracted Curve; than in the larger Curve; and as many Ships would He there, because there is more Water, and the Ships Would lit

dofer i

2i± 140 Martii. A. 175 5

cloffr: That if the Curve was to be further extended, there would not be more Room for Ships, as it would only take in dry Ground; and that the Soil was not proper for bedding Ships, being a hard Chalk Hock.

Being asked, if that was the Caie, why he had, in the former Part of his Examination, laid, that he would run a Ship aground in the Harbour ? he laid, Because the Chalk will give way, and you may get off; That he would run her aground for the Safety of the Ship and Cargo.

Being asked if he meant to carry in his Ship himself, or employ a Pilot ? he said, He would carry her in himself: That he thought the West Pier wrong; and, in his Opinion, both Piers ought to have been built 6oO foot more to the Eastward, by which deeper Water would have been gained; and that a better Plan than any he has seen might have been made, but not a better Harbour at the same Expence.

Captain William Shermer (Masterof a Snow, and Lieu-

tenant in the Navy, and had used the Sea 19 Years) being examined, said, That he had been in the Harbour of Ramsgate, where hewentinin Distress to secure his Vessel on the First of December last — That no Ship can go into the Harbour safely without Steerage Way; and, if it were finished according to the contra<sted Plan, in that Cafe, there is no Danger of running against the West Pier in any Weather; and that 1 he contracted Harbour will contain near 150 Sail of Ships of 160 Tons, and leave convenient Room for Ships to go in: That he does not doubt but many small Ships will lie there to wait for Winds, by which means there will be more Room for large Ships in the Downs; and that the Harbour is very conveniently situated to supply Ships in the Dozvns with Anchors, Cables, and other Necessaiies, and would be of general Utility; and that if the Western Pier had a larger Curve than that expressed in the contracted Plan, it would be rather worse than better, because the Tide would have a greater Force by coming round the large Curve, and be more irregular in its Settings into the Harbour’s Mouth: that the Water coming into the Pier brings a great deal of Sullage; and the large Curve will contain a great Quantity of dead Water, and there the Sullage will lodge; but in the contracted Plan there is not so great a Bite, and the Tide of Ebb will carry out much more of the Sullage than it would do in case the larger Curve was to be executed:

That a Captain of a Ship, after having been once in the Harbour, is as capable of carrying' in a Ship as a Pilot; but that, if the Witness was to cany ina Ship out of, the Downs into the Harbour; he would employ a Pilot, if he could get one; for no other Reason, but because, if any Damage happened, he should then be juf-; tified. -

Being cross-examined, he laid, He was no Pilot,'and-that he would not undertake to pilot a Ship into the Downy from Margate; and that he thinks Masters of Ships coming into this Harbour would generally make use of Pilots, because they can’t be justified in coming in without:

t'Xhat he thinks no Alteration could be made in the contracted Plan for the better, either as tolthe.Opening, of the Harbour, or the Extent of it. . -.i.

Being asked, whether, if the West Pier-'Head were further carried out than the East: Pier Head, it would not prevent the bringing in of Sullage ? he laid, He thought it would not: That it would (hoof some Part of the Sujlage beyond the East Pier; but then the West Pier Head, on the return of the Tide, would be a Trap to catch it.

And being asked whether the large Curve on the East Side would not have the same Effect 00 the Tide at Ebb ? belaid, He apprehended it would not to io great a De-' gree, because more Sullage comes from Margate Flats than the East; ar;d that il the West Pier Head was ex-’ tended, there would not be so much Sullage brought back into the.Harbour. ' ... - . -

7. ..V

Being asked whether, when a Ship's Head enters the Harbour, the Current would not have forne Effect upon her Stern ? he said. He was not very certain whether it would or not, but the Efiedt would not be so much as to render her ungovernable by her Sails and Helm: That he has heard that a Vessel does not answer her Helm so well in (hoal as in deep Water; but the Water in thiK same would be so smooth, that, if the Rudder or Keel did not rake the Ground, she would answer her Helm as quick as at any other time 1 That no Person can with Certainty say what Effect this Harbour will have upon the Tide till ’tis built; but it cannot be reasonably luppofsd that the Tide can have such an Efledt on a Ship going in as to drive her against the Heads or Sideacf either of the Piers, it Sails and proper Management are made use of to prevent it.

Being asked, whether, if the West Pier Head was further carried out than the East Pier Head, it would bring Sullage into the Harbour at the Tide of Ebb ? he laid, He apprehended it would fume small Quantityfor, though the Water runs out of the Harbour at Tide of Ebb, he said, He apprehends there is an Undertow; and that if the West Pier extended further into the Sea than the Eastern, a Ship could not go 1‘afe into the Harbour; and that, as the Harbour is now, he would moor aShip fall to the Ground — That the Ships must be moored along side of each other with Rings to the Side of the Pier, and at the Bottom of the Harbour where it is dry.

Captain John Sutcliffe informed the Committee, That he had used the Sea 25 Years, and is at present Masterof a Ship of 270 Tons: That he is acquainted with the Harbour of Ramsgate — That he never was afloat in it; That he has been alliore there, and on the Pier Heads.

Being Ihcwn the contracled Plan, he laid, That a Ship cannot come into the Harbour without Steerage Way; and, in that Cafe, if the Harbour was confhufted according to the Plan before him, there would be no Danger of her running against the West Pier — That he had measured the Harbour, and finds it would not contain above 10a Vessels under 200 Tons Burthen, so as to leave Room to come in, which he thinks will be as many as ever will make use of it at a time — That if there was more Water in the Harbour the larger Pier would certainly be the belt; but, as it is, he thinks them equallt_ good; and, if the Harbour was to be cleaned, the imallef' it is, the sooner the Dirt would be taken out — That if the* larger Curve was to be built, and the Head of it brought

O . , 1 O

to the same Point with the contracted Curve, he cannot say whether it would make any Difference in regard tof the Sullage, or not; but, if the Harbour was completed according to the contrasted Plan, it would be an ufeftil* Harbour for what Ships it would hold. r

Being cross-examined, he said, If there was Water enough in the largerCurve, the Harbour would be better upon that Plan, because there would be more Room in the West Pier, and Ships might lie there: and that, if there was Water enough, it is the most convenient Place1 for Ships to lie in to carry Anchors and Cables to Ships in the Downs-y and it would certainly be more convenient

an dfafe for Ships to bring to in when they enter the Harbour:

That if a Ship was to come into this Harbour with her Keel near the Ground, her Head in the Harbour, and her Stern in the Tide, it would certainly throw hera little up; but in that case he would shiver his After-Sails, and keep his Helm a*weather, and by that means could avoid running upon the West Pier, that she would certainly (hoot a little; but he would give hera large Yaw Half the Harbour to the Eastward, and throw her up to the Wind, and then he imagines (he would not shoot above 200 Foot. '

Being asked how he would manage if Two or Three Ship)* were just come in before, and the East Side of the Harbour full of Ships? he said, That in that Cafe, if the ' Curve was larger, he would run her towards the West Side, till he run her alhore.

Being

28 Geo. II. 140 Martii.. 225

Being a/ked how he would place Ships in the Harbour? he said, tl" would allow 100 Foot in Length for every Tier, and 35 Foot in Breadth for every Ship; by which means they would be 10 or 12 Foot from each other, and not nearer than 10 or 12 Foot to the Pier:

That he never saw above 70 or 80 Ships under 200 Tons at a time in tire Dozens, but that he had never been there above a fortnight at a time:

That if the Harbour was finished, he would rather attempt to come into it with a Ship of 150 Tons, if the Wind was Westerly, than lie in the Downs; and that if a Number of Ships were going in at the same time, it would certainly be more convenient with the larger Curve, provided there was Water.

Captain James Nairn said. He had used the Sea 22 Years, was Matter of a Ship, and had been at the Friday and Saturday before his Examination: Being shewn the contrailed Plan, he said, A Ship could not go in Safety into this Harbour without Steerage Way; and that there was no Danger, in that Cafe, ot her running against the West Pier, if there was any good Management — That the contracted Harbour will contain 100 Ships at the least; and he believes many Ships would come in there to wait for a Wind.

Being asked whether a small or Urge Harbour would be the better ? he said. The Urger the Harbour, the more useful it would be, supposing the re were to be above 100 Ships there at a time; Dut that too Ships, in his Opinion, will be as many as will ever lie there; for that he never saw more than that Number at a time in the Downs.

Being cross-examined, he was asked how he would moor these 100 Ships in the Harbour? he laid, He would moor ’em with their Heads to the Southward along the East Wall, Four or Five Foot, as under, with Two Fastenings, One on the Pier, and the other with about 20 Fathom of Cable, off into the Harbour.

Being asked, if Chains were laid down, whetner they would, in that Cafe, require 20 Fathom ? he said, They could not moor so fhoit there as in the Thames — That he has seen Ships lie in Harbour, lb as to touch one another, but he should not chuse that — And that a larger Harbour would be better than a smaller upon all Occasions, if it could be done for the same Expence:

That if he was to bring a Ship into the Harbour with the Wind at S. W. he would certainly bring to with her Head to the West ward; and, if there was more Room to the Westward, there would be less Risque in it; but he does not think there is any Risque as it is, for that he would bring her strait in 1,2, or 300 Foot, as Circumstances required, and then turn her Head to the Westward.

Being asked, whether, if Three or Four Ships were coming in together, and One of ’em in the Way of the rest, he would not, in that Cafe, bring his Ship to the Westward as soon as he could ? he said. He could not say whether he should or not: That he would not run aboard another Ship if he could help it; but he had rather chuse to do that than run against a Stone Wall — That he cannot say how he should act in such Circumstances; but would avoid, to the utmost of his Power, doing any Damage to his own or any other Ship.

And being asked, whether, in that Cafe, a large Curve would not be more convenient than a small one? he said. To be sure, in many Cafes, the larger Curve would be more convenient, but that he thinks ’tis more likely to fill up with Sullage: That he speaks this only as Matter of Opinion, and that that is the only Advantage the small Curve has above the large one — That he should not have been for taking up the Work of the larger Curve, but would have carried it on to the same Pier Head as is proposed in the Contraction; but since the Work, which has been done on the contracting Plan last Summer, must, if the larger Plan is executedr be pulled up, he would finish it upon the contfacted Plan.

Being asked whether Ships would not lie under the West Pier ? he said, He believed they might if the Har-Vou 27.

bour was full; and that the contracted Plan would opt Ramfg«e

contain so manyShips as the large one: -Harbour,

That he saw 15 or 16 Ships in the old Harbour, and the largest of’em lie imagines about 150 Ton — 'That he thinks that the old Harbour would hold 30 Sail of Ships, but that they could not1 lie well; and that there is not (b much Water in the bid Harbour as in the large Curve, for the old Harbour is always dry at low Water.

Being asked. if a Convoy of 500 Sail of Ships were in th cDozvns, above x 50 of’em would not chuse to come into

Ramsgate Harbour? he laid, He thought not, because they could not get out in Two Tides, and that no Ships will come into this Harbour except outward-bound Ships, and Ships in Distress — That they will always chuse to lie on the East Side, but they must lie dry on both Sides.

Being asked, whether, if the Harbour was carried 2 or 300 Foot more to the Eastward, it would not be better ? he said, He was told the Water was deeper there.

Being asked, whether, if a Ship drawing 13 Foot Water was to come into the Harbour at Half Flood, she would not take the Ground before (he touched the West Pier? he said, There would be Water enough at Half Flood for her to run against the West Pier.

Captain Colin Campbell, being examined, said. That he

used the Sea 26 Years, and that he was at Ramsgate the Friday and Saturday "before his Examination — Being shew/i the contracted Plan, he said, That if a Harbour was built according to that Plan, a Ship might come into the Harbour without any Danger of running against the Weltern Pier; for, if (lie was well tended to, (he would bring up within a Circle of 200 Feet; and, if the Harbour was finished, it would be a general Benefit to small Ships — That if it was built upon the larger Plan, it would hold more Ships; but that the contracted Plan is. more regular, and, in his Opinion, would throw the Sullage more to the Eastward than the larger Curve; but

that he does not speak that of his own Knowledge, having only been 24 Hours at Ramsgate, where he went at the Desire of some Gentlemen; but that he saw Sullage lie at the Back of the West Pier:

That he thinks the contracted Plan wili be the best, because it will hold iood Sail of Ships, which will be as many as will ever be in the Harbour at once; but, if' more Room should be required, the larger Plan would be the best; and, if the Expence was equal, he would certainly chuse the latter Plan, and, if it was as big again, it would be (till better; but that he would by no means take up the Works done on the contracted Plan last Summer; and that if he had had the Direction of the Wx>rks before the Contraction was begun, he would have carried ’em on according to the larger Plan, because the Contraction was attended with Expence.

Being asked whether he knew enough of the Harbour to be able to say there was no Danger of a Ship’s running against the West Pier in a Storm ? he said. He thought, in that Cafe, they would run a Ship aground, and that he thought there was Room in the contracted Curve to bring up aShip safely with the Wind at South;

That gaining Two Foot Water at the Entrance of the Harbour is a great Advantage; but if the Pier Heads are brought to the same Place, which may be done by the large as well as the contracted Plan, the Depth of Water will be the fame; and that his only Objection to the large Curve was on account of the Sullage, and the Shoalness of the Water:

That the Sullage will come from Flats, as

he apprehends, and he thinks it would drive round the large Curve; and more if it come into the Harbour, than, with the contracted one.

Captain Nathanael Baffnett, One of the Trustees, fa d,

He had used the Sea 18 Years, and was down at Ramsgate, and took Soundings there in October last — That if the Harbour was finished according toi he contracted Plan, there would be no Danger of a Ship’s running against the West Pier at her Entrance into the Harbour; and the Harbour would hold as many Ships ascouid have a Necessity to be there at a time, and leave fuflkient Room

3 M for

326 ‘ 140 Mar lit, A. 1755*

ka*fg»te for Ships to come ifl; and that it will be a convenient Harbour. JJarbour for Ships o^zoo Tons which are fit to t»k.e the Ground:

' That, on the purvey in 1753, there were 24

‘JTfuftees, Eight of whom were Seamen, and that Four <5f the Seamen approved of the Contraction, and Four Wert against it; and that 15 or 16 of the other Trustees likewise approved of the Contraction.

Being asked,' if a larger Curve was made to the Weft-ward, and the Harbour to open to the same Point of the Compals, it would not be better ? he said, That in his Opinion it would neither be safer, nor more commodious; for that 130 Ships, from 130 to 30 Tons, might lie in the contracted Harbour.

Being cross-examined, he said. That he did not remember that any Pilots were examined in regard to the Contraction; and that seafaring Men were the mofi proper Judges.

Being asked if it would be safe for Vessels to lie under the Welt Pier, if the Harbour should be contracted, and whether small Vessels would not rather ebufe to lie there than mix with the great Ships on the East Side ? he said, That all the Ships would lie on the East Side, and the small Vessels would lie in the Bottom of the Harbour.

Being asked the Question, he said, That building the larger Curve could be no Prejudice to the Harbour, only as it would be more expensive to keep in Repair, but that he could form no Judgment of the Expence; but that without Doubt tlrt Mouth of the Harbour might be brought to the same Point of the Compals with the larger as with the smaller Curve, and that some Part of the larger Curve would be built in a shoaler Water:

That if he was to enter the Harbour with a Ship with the Wind from the S. to the S. S. W. he would bring his Ship’s Head up so the Westward, and, if they were hot ail asleep aboard, the Current would have very little Effect upon her.

And being asked, whether in all Winds and all Weathers, and upon all Occasions, he would absolutely govern a Ship lb as to prevent her running against the West Waft? he said, Some Ships won’t steer lo well as others in a gale of Wind.

‘ Being asked, whether, if he had bad the foie Direction of this Work, and it had been carried on as far as it was before the Contraction was begun, he would in that same have continued it on the extended Plan, or altered it by. the Contraction ? he said. That he never would have set the West Pier Head where it was proposed to be, but more to° the Eastward; because, upon founding it, he found the Water to be deeper there; and if the West Pier was to be placed where the East Pier is, it would be so much, the better; and that he never approved of the Settling of the West Pier before the Contraction:

That the Saving of.'280 Foot of Wall is a Great Saving; and that he believes the Wooden Pier is Worm-eaten, for he saw some Worms in it — That he should not be for taking' up the Work done on the contracted Plan last'Summer, for the fake of making the Harbour larger, because it would colt a larger Sum of Money to take it up, and it would not answer.

Charles Pole Esquire, One of the Trustees, being examined, said. That he was at the First Meeting of the Trustees the ill July 1749, when they chole their Secretary; and soon after that they ordered, the First Survey, the Report whereof was made on the *27th of the same Month — That upon this Occasion all necessary Precautions were taken in regard to the proper Situation of the Harbour; and the Opinions of 11 Captains of Ships living at Ramsgate, the moll experienced the Trustees could find, was taken upon that Head — -That the Wit-nels was down at Ramsgate at the Second Survey, which was nude on the 13th Day of April 1730, and then saw the Piles drove about 700 Feet West from the Old Pier^ as ordered by the First Survey for the Setting off of th^ West Pier; but that this was altered pursuant to the Ad-t vice of many of the Captains of Ships who were Trustees, and went down to on the Second Survey,'

n

of whose Judgment the Witrtcfs had then a very good Opinion, both in regard to their Experience as Sailors, and their Capacity in taking of Soundings, and, by their Advice, the Setting off of the West Pier was altered between 2 and 300 Foot more to the Eastward:

That the Reasons which induced him to approve of the Contraction, were, ift, Because there was a grand Blunder committed in fating out the West Pier; and the only Reason he heard for it was, that it was set out from a Point of Land whichextended 50 Foot into the Sea, and would lave the Building of so much Wall: zdlv, Because the Entrance and the Curve were the same as in the briginal Plan (A): 3dly, Because by the contracted Plan Two Foot more Water was gained at the Entrance of the Harbour: 4thly, Because it would save the Building of 280 Foot at the Head of the East Pier, which mult have been built in deep Water at the Expence of £. 20,000. at least: And, lastly, that by the contracted Plan the Harbour would be fipished Two Years sooner.

That when these Things were determined, the Trustees had no Plans under their Consideration but the contracted Plan, and the original Plan marked (A).

Being cross-examined, he said, He believed that the larger Curve might be brought to the same Point as the contracted Curve: That the same Depth of Water might be obtained at the Entrance, and the same Saving made in regard to the Building of the East Iher.

Being asked whether the Springing of the West Pier from the Work that has been carried out, as it stood originally to’thd same Point of the Entrance as proposed by the contracted Curve, would take up leis or more Time than building a Wall from the Shore to the cofrtr^Cted Curve? he laid, The larger Curve would take the melt Time, without Doubt — That from the End of the contracted Work to the Pier Head is 337 Feet, which would take up Two Years Tune to build; and that he is told the old Work would take up Five Years Time, not including taking up the Work done in the Contraction.

Being asked whether ever any Seamen, or any one else, objected to the Want of a Curve till the 14th December 1753 ? he said. That Plan (A) was accepted as a perfect Plan; only feme Words were added on the Acceptance of it, which he understood to be only a Declaration of the Power of the Trustees; and he believes it was not their Sense that the Entrance should be a future Consideration; but that he never heard any Objection to it till the contracted Plan was produced, and then it was objected to:

That about £.31,000 had been borrowed by the Trustees upon Annuities at about ~j\ per Cent.

Being asked the Reason why the Opinions of Masters of Ships were taken on the First Survey ? he laid. They were thought to be the properest Judges; but that the Witness was not there.

Being asked whether he himself did not think Seamen and Pilots the belt Judges? he said. He did not — That he thinks Mr. Oekettdenknows more than them all toge-

ther; and, ironi the Opinion he had of his Abilities, lie had endeavoured to support his Propofol — That the* Cc-, nerality of Masters of Ships are dull ignorant Fellows, and a great many of’em Blockheads; and he thinks lie could bring a Ship out of the Dozens into this Harbour as well as One Third Part, if not One Half, of tl»e Masters of Ships, from the’Top to the Bottom — That he has been at the kVed Indies and Virginia: That he believes the Majority of the Seamen in the Trust were against the Contraction, and that the Opinion of Pilots was not asked' upon it — That it was once moved, that an Application should be tijade to the Admiralty, the Trinity House, and the Board of Ordnance, to appoint Officers to make a. Survey; but that the Motion was carried in the Negative by a considerable Majority; 2nd that the Witness himselt. voted against if,' because it would have been a Confefilon; that they were’knowingly going on wrong; and, if Inch a Survey.had been made, the Trustees myft have implicitly followed the Directions laid down by that Sur.-. vey, though contrary to theit own Judgments, or else

laaVe

28 Geo. II, 14 Mar* 227

have difobiiged the Board of Admiralty, which they were unwilling to do:

That Memorials were sent from most of the Sea Ports against this Contraction; and that One of the Trustees confessed at the Board, that he had sent down Cales, which had produced some of’em} and that the Gentlemen in the Minority were most of’em Captains; but there were not above Eight or Nine of them attended constant-Jy; they bulled themselves in telling the same their own Way; and that the rest of the Trustees had not Leisure to contradict them; and that he believes that they never inquired whether those Memorials contained the real Opinions of the People in the Out Ports or not; for that nobody appeared in Support of ’em at the Board; and he believes they came by the Poll; for he thinks he law the Post Mark on some of them.

Being asked, whether any Part of this Harbour was constructed agreeable to Plan (A)? he said, He could not pretend to say; that the Mason was ordered to carry out the Piers in ttraight Lines — That the Huffing Plan (A) to the Westward was done by the Advice of the Seamen; and, at that time, he had a good Opinion of ’em; but that the Trustees were obliged to the Skill of an Engineer, who was no Seaman, for bringing the Mouth of the Harbour into deeper Water; which none of them thought on till Mr Ockendenproposed it:

That he thinks the Harbour on the contracted Plan will hold as many Ships as can possibly want to come in at a time: That they might have brought the larger Plan to the same Point of Opening with the contracted one, by spoiling the Harbour; and he thinks the contracted.. Harbour will be the belt; because there is Room enough for Ships to bring to under the West Curve, without run — , ning foul of it; and there is more Water in the small Curve; and he never knew that intloling Ihallow Water, or dry Ground, was fit fora Harbour; and that in the large Curve, there would not be Water enough for a Ship of any Burthen to come near the West Pier above One-third of the Tide, as he apprehends; and he believes Half the Harbour is dry at low Water.

Your Committee was informed by One of their Members prel'ent, that a printed Paper, in regard to Ramsgate Harbour, was sent to him; and he was desired to get the Opinions of the Gentlemen at Ntiveajlle in regard to the Contraction — That he laid it before the Gentlemen and the 7'rinity House there, who agreed in Opinion that the Contraction would be of bad Consequence; for which Opinion they gave several Reasons, which he transmitted to the Trullee, who sent him down the Paper.

Captain Adam Spcsicer laid, He had used the Sea for 53 Years, and had left it off for the last 22 or 23 Years: That he sometimes lives at Ramsgate, and has a House there, and is perfectly acquainted with the Navigation of the Downs and the Setting of the Tides.

Being shewn the contracted Plan, he laid, If that Plan was executed, there would be no Danger at all, of a Ship coming into the Harbour running against the West Pier: And he produced to your Committee a Plan, which is annexed in the Appendix, N° 11. to shew that 170 or j8o Sail of Ships may lie in the Harbour, which will be chiefly under the East Head:

That he measured every Ship off, and allows in that Plan 115 Foot for the Length of each Ship, reckoning the Bowlprit, and 25 Foot for the Breadth; and that laying ’em close together will be the safest Way in that Harbour; and that he proposed to leave 800 Foot for Ships, to come in:

That the Pilots, who go do^rn with the outward bound Ships, usually leave them as soon as they get into the Downsand if a Storm happens afterwards, the Ships' must be brought into the Harbour by the Captains, or not at all; and that a Captain, who has been once in the Harbour, may bring a Ship into it with all the Plea-fiirein Life; and that he never heard any Complaint of the Smallness of the West Curve, by Seamen, either in or out of the Trust, til! December 1753:

- Vox.. 27.

That if the West Curve was made larger, and to centre Ramsgate at the same Point, he thinks the Harbour, would be th£ Harbour, worse for it; for it would cause the Tide to let stronger, and bring in more Suliage; and that the larger Curve would be of no great Service, as there is no Call to bring up under it; and if there was no Curve at all# it would be as well or better; and that the contracted Harbour will be a general Good.

Being crols-exatttined, he was asked. Whether, as A Trustee, he had not given his Opinion for the larger Curve? he said, He did at the First Meeting, anddii vided in favour of the larger Curve; but that he had not then thoroughly considered it; and, he does not,r<?member there was any Examination of Engineers, Pjlctfs, or Nat' vigators, before the Contraction was resplved on; but ihaT^ a Motion was made for a.Survey, which was carried in the Negative, and several Remonstrances were made against the Contraction from, several Sga Port#,. ‘ , T.

Being asked, If the Ships were to be flowed close.tot* get her, according to his Proposal, and the Wind was to come fair for them, bow many Tides they, would be get-< ting out? he said, 170 might get out in one Tide, if there was a good Outlet, such as is describedjirtthe Plan; and that he should not chufc to lie a.small. Sfiip by a large one, or between Two large Ships; but that the Harbour Master must direct that:

That the Tide runs cross the Harbour at the Rate of Three Miles an Hour; but he thinks ijt would have no'

Effect on the Stem of a Ship, whose Head Was out of the Current, and entering the Harbour; and that a Ship vyill not answer her Helm, if the touches the Ground.

Being asked. Whether a Ship could not lie as safely iru the large Curve on the West Side as in the old Harbour he laid, She might, without doubt: , . r'"

That if a Ship was drove to the Westward, it Would be; better for her to run upon Chalk than against the JPier I. but there was no Danger of it. " , *

Being asked, Whether he had no Objection to the hpgerv

Curve, but the making an Eddy, and bringing in oif. -Suliage? He said, There was Two Foot more Water in, the small Curve than in the largee one. . J1

Being asked. Whether evCr he had seep Ships lay close-to a Pier, as described in his Plan ? he laid. He had with, a Fender-r-That a Ship of 150 Tons is 33 pr 34 Foot broad.from Yard Arm to Yard Arm, and a Ship of 24O

Tons-is 46 or 47 Foot Main Yard — That he proposes them to lie as close as. they can, and to have no Cable ati all to the Westward; for every one of the Sfiips must have. their Hawsers alhore; and that there is no Occasion for an Anchor when they are to get ready to fail, if they be' upon the Weather Shore; and that he never heard that the original Curve was under Consideration.

Mr. Elliot, being further examined, was shewn the contracted Plan, and asked if there was any ltesolution of the Trustees to carry the Plan from the End of the Work to the Cliff, he said, There was not; but that the Trustees might carry it on hereafter, if they thougt fit, . either with Stone or Wood.

Being asked the Question, he said# That Mr. Etheridge the Surveyor, and Mr. Preston the Mason, were employed at yearly Salaries; and he did not know they were ever' concerned in any ContraCl for Materials:

That he never heard that they were to be Continued after the Harboui1 was finiftied; and conffequently it was their Interest to keep it long in Hand, Account of their Salaries.

Being asked. Whether any Orders were given to the Surveyor for building the cross Wall from (C) to (D) ini Plan, N* 9? belaid. There was an Order to build a Wall straight across, but not for building a Banting one I That there were about 138 Feet of Malaas Work, Five Foot high and 38 -Foot wide, set in Terras,- taken, up last Summer, by the Surveyor, without the; Order of the.

Trustees; but a Report was made of it afterwards to the Board, and they approved it . , >

And

228 14° Mart'ti. A. 1755.

JUmfgate

Harbour.

And Mr. Elliot delivered in an Account of the Amou nt of the Duties raised by the A of Parliament, for the Year 1753, amounting to £.5,007. iu 4^. which is hereunto annexed in the Appendix, N° 12.

Mr. Etherise, being further examined, produced a small Plan, which, he said, contained a true State of the Works, which is annexed to the Appendix, marked N* 10; and said, that the contracted Plan was made upon a Survey, in which he assisted Mr. That there

terrains to be done 337 Feet of Masonry Work, to finish the Pier from the contracted Work to the West Pier Head, which will cost, to the best of his Judgment, £.20,220, and be finished in Two Years and an Half, iff no Accident happens; and that the finishing the Work begun on the contracted Plan, from (a) to will cost £.0,261, as be thinks; which, added to the former Sum, amounts to £. 26,481. When that Work is done, the West Side of the Harbour will be complete, except the Tryftces shall think proper to carry on the Pier from to the Cliff:

That the Length of the Work to be done on the original Plan at the End of the Timber Pier to the West Pier Head, according to the larger Curve, would be 850 Feet of Masonry, and would cost £.48,435, and take Five Years and an Half to finish it, supposing no Accident happen; so that there is £.21,954 Difference in the Expence, besides the Charge of taking up the Works already done on the con traded Plan; the Charge whereof neither he n0r any body else can make any Computation of; but 'twould cost a great deal more than it did laying down; for ’tis a Work of great Difficulty and Expence, being Tide Work, and not to be worked upon oftener than once a Fortnight, nor then, if the Weather was bad.

Being cross-examined, he was asked, If any Contraction’ was recommended on the Survey taken by Mr. Ockenden and him ? he laid. He did not believe Mr. Ockenden thought of it, but was discontented at finding the Water so (hallow at the Entrance; and that the Reason of the Contraction was to gain a greater Depth of Water, and to save Time and Expence:

That the taking up the 138 Feet of Stone Work, that was laid down on the large Plan, cost the Trust little or nothing; for that they had Hands who must be employed, and they did it at leisure times — and he could make ’ no Estimate of what it would have been, if Men had been employed purposely to have done it:

That though that Work was both laid down and taken up under his Direction, he can form no Calculation of the Expence of it, being blended with the other Work — and he does not know what either the Materials or the Time came to; but the taking of it up did not cost so much as laying it down, because it lay upon dry Land:

That the building of the contracted Wall with the Materials of the Wall taken down, was less expensive than it would have been, if fresh Materials were to have been brought from a greater Distance; and that the Expence' of building the cross Wall was no more than throwing the Stones out of the Vessels.

Being asked, Whether, as he had made a Calculation’ of Works not yet performed, he could not make one of the laying down and taking up of Works already done ? he laid. He could not; nor was it possible to shew from the Books what the Expence of the Works have amounted to:

’ That he made his Calculation of the Work to be done from the Work performed on the East and the West Side, 4nd did not know what the Expence of the Work already done on the contracted Plan amounted to, not having been at Ramsgate since l&ft Nov.

Mr. Etheridge, being again examined, said. That, since

the last Meeting of the Committee, he had consulted with Mr. Prefon, and was now able to give the Committee a Computation of the ExpenCe of taking up the Work on the larger Plan, which amounted to £.250 or £.300.

- Being asked. How the croft Wall came to be flanted ? he said. He was ordered by the Gentlemen of the Trust

to do it; but that he thought he was sufficiently impowered to lay a Parcel of Backing; and that this Wall was no more, being only a temporary one; and that if the Truf-toes came to a Resolution of building to the Cliff, then it would be taken away; and that he thinks they will be obliged to build to the Cliff, because, by that time the Harbo ur was finished, the Wood Work would be in a bad Condition; and that the Wall, though not continued to the Cliff, makes a better Harbour than the larger Plan would do.

Being a(ked, Whether the large or small Curve would (land in deeper Water? he said. As deep; that between 3 or 400 Foot of the large Curve would be in as deep Water, and the rest in fltoaler Water; and that about 130 Foot of it would be dry:

That some of the Stones in the smaller Curve might be used in the large Curve at a less Expence than if brought from the Quarries; but that some Part of 'em would be more expensive:

That he computes the Expence of building the large Curve, from the x ft 337 Feet from the Pier Head, at £.60, and the Remainder at £.55 the running Foot, and the whole 337 Feet remaining to be done of the smaller Curve at £.60 the running Foot; and that the Expence of carrying on the Wall from the End of the contracted Plan to the Cliff would be about £. 20,00c; and that if only Part of the contracted Work were to be taken up, and the Foundation left, Ships would run upon it: That the Timber Work had been found in a bad Condition; and they had been obliged to foot it with Stone; and that, in about a Dozen or 15 Years, it will be advisable to build a Stone Wall, the Worm having got into the Timber.

Mr. Prest on, being examined, laid, That Mr. Etheridge and himself had made the Computation mentioned by the last Witness: and he confirmed his Evidence in regard to the same as well as the other Computation mentioned by Mr. Etheridge in his former Examination, and the greater Time that it would take to build the larger than the contracted Pier; and said, the Difference would be £.21,954.

And he said, that he would not undertake to take up the Work done on the contracted Plan for£. 10,000; for lie does not think, as it is under Water, that he is capable of doing it.

And he likew'fe confirmed Mr. s Evidence

in regard to the Expence of the cross Wall; and added, that he thought it would cost more Money to lay the Stones on a Wharf than to pile them up in that Wall, in which there was no Masons Work.

Being asked, If they had been obliged to foot the wooden Pier, and to put a Head of Stone to it? he said, Thait the Head of Stone was built to carry it on; and, if it had not been put there, the Pier would have been in a bad Condition; for that it was footed with Stone; and that he could not take upon him to say whether without that it would have flood or not.

' Being cross-examined, he said, That the Estimates were of his own making; and that he and Mr. Etheridge were together when they were made: That he cubed the Work done on the contracted Plan, and estimated it at about £.10,040; the deepest of which was in Four Foot Water; and the Water ebbed just to the End of the other Part.

Being asked, Whether if a larger Curve had been, carried on from the End of the Stone Work, before it was taken up, it would have been more or less Expence than the contracted Plan ? he said. No Man could speak to that without an Estimation; but he fancied the Difference would have been about ioo6 running Feet.

And being asked. If the Wall was built to the Cliff, whether it would make it more expensive ? he laid. He fancied if that Length was added, (he contracted Plan would be more so; but that he never heard or was informed that it was the Design of the Trustees to build that Wall as long as the woaden Pier would stand.

Being asked with respect to the Works carried on since the prefect Petition to Parliament, he laid, They were only

securing

8 Geo. II. 14 MartiL 229

securing Tome Works which were left dangerous; and that if the Workmen were discharged, he could not tell where to get them or any other;.

And being asked, If they had not gone on with more Expedition since the Petition than formerly ? he said, That they could not; for they had nothing to work with. And

Mr. Elliot^ being again examined, said, That Mr. T rest on had produced a List of Materials to the Board, to be lent down; and that the Trustees desired the Lift might he till the Matter was determined by Parliament; and that they were laving no new Foundation, only filling up the Core of the Wall to secure the Works.

Then the Agent for the first-mentioned Petition, by way of Reply to the foregoing Evidence, called Mr. Daniel Goatley, who said, he was a Merchant, and had been Commander of a Ship — That he had a House at Ranftyite, and Jived there in the Summer, and had l'een many Plans for the Harbour, but never fuw a good one.

And being shewn Plan, N° 4. he said, That there would be no Stillage either with the large or smallerCurve, by the Friction of the Ships Keels in the Harbour, which would settle there in fine Weather, and in bad Weather would be driven out:

That he never fuw any Weed Sullage further from high Water Mark than 20 or 40 Feet, which comes from the MufTel and Oyster Banks that lie off the North Foreland, and is washed by hard Gales of Wind from the North to the North East, and earned along the Coast by the Tide of Ebb:

Tit at he has ieen the Farmers Carts come to take away -the Sullage from the old Harbour after a Spring Tide; which, they lay, is g >od for Manure; and, if they had Leave, they would aw.ays t ke it away:

That there is no Danger of Sullage driving from Sandwich Harbour to Ramsgate* because when the Flood lets out of the one, it lets out of the other:

That when the Ebb comes out of Haven, the

Tide of Flood in the Offing lets to the Northward, and meets the Tide that lets out of Sandwich Haven E. N. E. and carries it, on the first of its Meeting, to the N. N. E. That it commonly runs an Hour on that Point of the Compass, and then veering gradually to E. N. E. during the time the Flood runs in the Offing:

That lie has observed it to be a yearly Custom to cut Weeds in the River Slower , which Weeds he has often seen driven out of Sandzcitn Harbour, particularly last Summer, when he observed, by heaving Piece of Deal among the Weeds, that the Weeds were never let by the Tide k> tar to the Northward, as to fhu’. in with the Chalk Cliff; the Village of Pegxvell:

That re has Icon 1 lu ie \\ ecus driven upon Deal Beech, bur never within Three Miles of Bn [gate:

That the L<-owning of the Chalk wi.i make it a foster Bedding k,r Ships:

That lie oblei veil the Timber Pier at B.an:fgatet and is convinced it will hut as long, or longer, than any Stone Wo:k in the Building, rcnfidering the Situation it is placed in: for that it is laid above low Water Mark, and the Tide won’t-operate iLongly upon it; and there is no Sea ct Weight to vv.Uii it a-.vav.

Being aiked, ll it was not Worm-eaten? he said, He believed there 'are Sand Worms in it; but they won’t prejudice the Piles; for that One of the Piles in the old Pier v, as ral.cn tip, which the old Fishermen have declared had been put down before they could remember, *u.d the pile was eat in lb me Farts an Inch, in others Two, yet the I Last was perfectly found; and that the Worms, which cat these Piles, are of a different Nature from t! ole which c.u Snips Bottoms.

And helm,!, a Sand Worm would never eat any hard Oak or Timber; but when on the Decay by the Water ioak ng, the Worm followed it.

o7

Being raked, Which would decay soonest. Piles always tinder Whiter, or Piles only washed by the Spring Tide ? He laid. That the Timber, which was wet and dry alternately, would alvvavs decay loonest.

You. 27.

Being examined as to the Hxpences of taking up the 340 Feet of Stone Work done upon the contracted Plan, he laid, He would contract to take up that and the cr>f$ Walls, and deliver the Materials into the old Pier, for /. 1500. provided he could have his Craft delivered as loon as they came into the old Pier; and that he was sensible he could get Money by the Bargain; and that he would deliver it into any Carriage or Craft that should lie along side his, or on the old Pier under Shore, or dole up to the Wall, any where within the Harbour, for ft.500 more.

Being cross examined, he was asked, Whether he had a better Plan than the present working Plan ? To which he answered. He had not.

Being asked, if he could take upon him to say, that the Weeds out of the Slower did not come to Ramsgate ? he said, He never law any of these Weeds there; and that the old Farmers told him they never saw any of the Stower Weeds among the Sullage at Ramsgate.

Being asked. If there was not Suilage lying at the Back of the West Pier? he said. There was a Collection of Weeds, such as came to the old Pier, which now lie at the Back of the West Pier; but that he does not know whether there is any Sand or Sullage there; for he never dug down.

Being asked, he said, He had never undertaken such a Work as taking up this Stone Work; but that he had i n* dertaken to remove Hills of Ballast, and had taken up a Ship and Cargo Seven Fathom under Water:

That he never weighed the Stones in this Work; but thinks few of ’em exceed Three Tons, and some not above One Ton; and that some arc laid in Terras, and some not.

Being asked. Which would make the most useful Harbour, the large or the contracted Plan ? he said, He was of Opinion, upon the Whole, that the large Plan would be much the best, because, when ships came from the Downs with the Wind at S. S. W. or S. S. E. they can’t alw'ays steer to Haifa Point; the Tide and the Wind will take her Stern, and there will be some little Eddy, and flie will come with her Head to the Wind; and he thinks she can’t avoid running against the Wall, if the Ship is 60 Feet long, and conies above Three Miles an Hour; for that no Man can stop a Ship in her Length; and that when a Ship comes within a Foot of the Ground, file loles her Steerage, and, in smooth Water, she must drive against the Pier.

Being asked, What Depth of Water there was in the larger Curve ? he said. There was about a Foot and

ft

Half, or Two Feet, less in the West Curve than in the rest of the Harbour.

'Being asked then. Whether a Ship would not run a-ground before she came to the West Pier in the larger Curve? he laid, That was in proportion to the Sail they had to stop her} which could not be done in less than 3 or times her Length; but he would rather chuse to run his Ship aground than against the Pier.

Being asked. Whether 16 Ships lying in a Tier can lie in the Harbour in the Space of 400 Feet ? he said, They could not be piled up close to the Walls; and that every Ship would require 30 or 35 Feet between each Ship, to keep them from knocking each other to Pieces, as ’tis a dry Harbour.

Captain George "Hooper, being examined, said. He had lived at Ramsgate 64 Years; and that he had observed the Timber Work in the new Pier, which looks as well as when first built:

That the Piles are about Five Inches thick, and are likely to last as long as Oak will endure, which is for Lives, under Water; and that the Piers are not liable to be worm-eaten, ii they are kept clean, and tarred:

That lie had observed the Timber Work in the old Pier, which had flood ever since his Memory, and some of it some Generations before; but that a great deal of it, which was lappy, was decayed:

The he never (aw any Sullage come into this Harbour, but Sea Weed, called Ouze, which the Farmers are glad

3 N to

Ram-Ate Humour.

Jbbetfon’s

Efrates.

230

14° Mar lit.

A.

1755

to take away, to manure their Lands; and there is none ever lies there:

That he thinks Sullage won’t drive from Sandwich Flaits into the Haven, because there is a great deal of Rubb’fti, Grass. Flags, and other things, which are cut up in Summer in Sandwich River, and he never saw any come into Ramsgate:

That the ihoaling G round in the larger Curve is an Advantage to the Hat hour; for he had rather ground his Ship upon the Chalk than run her against the Pier.

Being cross-examined, he said, Several thousand Loads of Ouze and Sand were taken out of the old Harbour by Order of the Trustees, to make a Whaif, and fill up the Cove of the Pier; but there was not Sullage; and he never law any Sullage come into the old Pier, more than what was cauled by the Settlement of the Water in rough Weather.

Being asked, What he called Sullage ? he said, It was a Sort of Siab and Dirt, and there may be Sand intermixed with it:

That the larger Curve is not more likely to introduce Sullage than the smaller.

Mr. Edward Lifter, a licensed Pilot' of the Trinity House, London, said, He was acquainted with Kamjgate

Harbour — That he had seen some small Matter of Sand and Ouse drive into it; but it was carried out again when the Wind shifted:

That he includes Sea Weed under the Term of Sullage; and that the Farmers cariy that away in Carts all along the Coast:

That the large and small Curve are equally likely to bring Sullage into the Harbour.

Being asked. Whether the fhelvy Ground in the large Curve was notan Advantage? he said, He would rather run his Ship a-ground than against the Wall.

Being asked, How many Pilots were at Deal and Dover? he laid, About Fifty at , and Thirty at and that they were under the Direction of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, and not of the Trinity House.

Mr. George Leilas, being examined, said, He had seen the Works at Ramsgate-, and that Oak, frequently wetted with Salt Water, would last for Ages; but that he did not know whether this was built with Oak or not:

That he thought the lmallerCurve would be moreliable to fill with Sullage than the large one, because the straight Line appears the iongeft in it, which consequently must invite more Stoppage on the cross Set of the Tide:

That the Shoaling of the Ground in the large Curve would be an Advantage, because it will beless hazardous for a Ship to stick her Forefoot aground than to run her Stern or Bow against a Stone Pier.

Captain John Russell, being examined, informed your Committee, That he was a Merchant, but had been Commander of a Ship Thirty Years:

That he had been in the several Harbours of Calais, Boulogne, Havre deGrace, and Dover, which were all Tide Harbours; and that the Flood Head in every one of them is placed without the Ebb Head; and that in Ramsgate Harbour the West Pier Head is the Flood Head.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling Part of the entailed Estate of Sir Henry -[on Baronet, and veiling other Part thereof in him in Fee-simple, and for laying out the Money ariting by such Sale in the Purchase of other Land', to be settled, together with some other Lands whereof he is fciled in Fee, in lieu of the Lands so to be sold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Wi/kinfun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Ammdment: To which Amendment this House doth de.ire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ac: Nrthln^h, For establishing and confirming a Partition of the Estates late of StephenNort/sleigh Esquire, and Margaret his \\ ife,

Susannah Yarde Widow, Dame Frances and

Tryphena DavieSpinster, and for settling the teveral specific Shares and Allotments thereof upon, and for the Benefit cf, the several Parties intituled to the several undivided Shares of the said Estates before the said Partition; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Proivfedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Colt’s

for veiling the settled Estate of Sir John Dutton Colt Baro- ^lute,

net, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging several Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands to be Iettled to the same Lies, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foie's,

Mr. Curzon, Mr. Symmonds, Mr. Gybbon. Sir John Cu,l,

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. More, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Banker, Sir Charles Mr.

Egerton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Hardman, Mr. Cooke, Lord Qarysfort, Lord Strange, Mr.

Fell owes, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Mor daunt, Mr. Mr.

Philipps, Mr. Kynaft on. Col. Lejlie, Mr. Amcotts, Sir

John Glynne, Mr. Beckford, Mr. , Mr.

Sir Robert Long, Sir Willoughby Mr. Hanger, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Amy and, Mr. Stephenfcn, Mr. Dicker, Mr.; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, Worcester, and the Principality of Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Mosmtagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Henley Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Bridge, an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Bridge, and from thence to Cul Bridge, and to a Place cailed Mile Stone, in the Road leading to

dalen Bridge, in the said County; and for widening the said Roads; and also for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge, next to Culham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Burford Bridge, next to Abingdon, in the county of ; and from the Mayor's Stone at the End of the Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to in the said

County of Berks, and from thence to the West End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Banbury, Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading &c.

from the Cross of Hand, near Finford Bridge1, in the ®oa(k

County of Warwick, through the Town of in

the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford-, and from the Guide Post in the Village of Adderbury, in the same County, through to

the Mile Way leading towards the City of and

also the Road leading from a Place called the Two Tree, near the City of Oxford, over Gcsfurd otherwde Gojfard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon on

the Green, in the fud County; without any Amendment;

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act stump to continue and render more effectual several Acts for L'wa repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket Roa'

and the Town of Cambridge: for repaying the Road from

J

28 Gfio. II. 140 Martii. 23 x

tain

ir.J

Vo-

Mi.

P.v.

Norton by Daventry inclosure.

was

) f' Knighton lnckiiurr.

;:^vl

1 Ad

h,

Sx-

ht

read

Fi,

C,!,

It,

Mr.

v Nudburn-

L hdme Inclosure.

Rafdiffe

Ferry

to

Rotherhithe.

C'lverly

Moor

ladcfure.

"*h \\, , S.r

‘I1.

Mr.

Bramston’s

Estate.

ft-

tLe

Pafovant’g

Nit.

Kirk man *s Nat.

An P'

by;

> Oxford

*31 County

;:,r Elt&ion.

31

r-

Hi

Game [) Laws.

ar*

u

Uj

it!

Jll

of

from Foulmire to Cambridge \and fof repairing other ruinous Parts of the Highways adjacent to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Norton by Detventry, in the County of , without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, and a Cow Pasture, in Knighton, in the County of Leiwithout any Amend-

ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pastures, or Commons, in the Township of , in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and maintaining a Ferry across the River Thames, between the Hamlet of , in the County of Middlesex, and the Pari (It of , in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain YVaftes and Commons in the Manor of Caherly, in the West Riding of the County of York, with tome Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the let tied Estate of Edmund Bramston Eliquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wile, in Trull;, s, far railing several Sums of Money for discharging Portions charged upon the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To Which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalising John Citric Paffava To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Kirkman:To which the Lords desire

the Concurrence of this Iloulc.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, proceed in the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Prefeivation

of the Game, in relation to the buying, felling, or offering to Sale, any Game, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ef

in

1

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Mountagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Exchange The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ci Lands in establtlhing an Exchange of divers Lands and Tythes in Mjton. Myton, in the County of York, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, pursuant toan Agreement between the Lord Archbishop of York, as Appropriator, the Bishop of Norwich, Lessee of the Rectory, and Henry Herd Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church, and Sir Bryan Slapylton Lord of the Manor, of Myton aforesaid: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And aliO,

Walter's TliC Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to £ Hates, impower Edward Walter Esquire, and divers other Persons claiming under the Wills of his Grandfather and Brother, respectively, to make Leates of the several Lands and Hereditamentspurchaled, and to be purchased, since Vol. 27.

the Will of Peter Waller the Grandfather, and in pursuance of the lame: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for reluming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual. Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Seventeenth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from in

the County of Warwick, through the City of,

to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers ill the said several Acts; was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And several other Amendments being made to the Amendment in Fol. 4. L. 8. which, upon Wednesday la ft, was postponed, the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon.agreed to by the House.

And then the Amendment in Fol. c L. 8. which had also been postponed, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to avoid and prevent Inconveniences, Damages, and Mischiefs, occasioned by the Multiplicity of useless and unnecessary Dogs;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this lC ngdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the African Trade;

A Petition of the Merchants trading to Africa from the Town of Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the present Law, constitutinga free and open African Company, is the bed that can be el-tablished j and that the Trade to Africa has flomished more since that Law than ever it did before, or pwffibly can do under a Joint Stock Company: And expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that no Alterations will be made in the said Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir. John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had examined a Witness, and had made a Progrcis in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,

CoVfhill

through

Litchheld

Hoad.

UfeWs

and

unneccflkr/

Do£»*

Ptcfervatloa

of

Highway*,

*c.

African

Company.

Committee

of

Privileges.

Exchange of Lands in

Myton.

Bramston’i

Estate.

PafTavdnt’s

Nat.

Kirk man’s Nat.

Calvcrly Moor Indoiure.

232 140 — 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the said several Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were severally ordered to attend the Paid Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon IVe chief day Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley have Leave to make a Motion; it being Six of the Clock.

' And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing an Exchange of divers Lands and Tythes in Myton, in the County of York, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, pursuant to an Agreement between the Lord Archbishop of York, as Appropriator, the Bishop of Norwich, Lessee of the Rectory, and Henry Herd Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church, and Sir Stapylton, Lord of the Manor, of Myton aforesaid, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Edmund Bramflon Esquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in Trustees, for raising several Sums of Money for discharging Portions charged upon the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellozves have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

: An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Ulric Paffavant, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Cfit aid have Leave to make a

Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly. And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Kirkmanwas read the F.rft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 15° die Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1755. Prayers.

rTMlE House proceeded to take into Consideration 1 the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain: Wades and Commons in the Manor of Caherly, in the West Biding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed]; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 37. After " fame," jnfert "and the Residue

u thereof:"

L. Lift. After 144 deducted," inlert shall be " let out, assigned, and allotted:"

Pr. 16. L. 23. After " concerned," insert Clause (A). (A) " And whereas the fitting out and allotting the M laid Common or Moor, and Parcels oi waste Grounds, *c into Shares, for the Persons to whom the same are to be t allotted, and the ascertaining and determining any u Claims or Ditputcs touching Bight of Common in and

24

50Martii. A. 1755.

" upon the said Common or Moor, and Parcels of waste Grounds may happen to be attended with great Trou- ble and Difficulty to the Commissioners herein before- named; It is therefore hereby enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Commissioners shall think it requisite and necessary to have any further Assistance for those Purposes, it shall and may be Lawful to and for the said Commissioners herein before named, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint Two other Persons, to be joined with them as Commissioners, for the Purposes of setting out and allot ting into Shares, for the Persons to whom the same are ro be allotted reflectively, such Common or Moor, and Par- eels of waste Grounds, and settling and determining such Differences and Disputes relating to the Right of Common in and upon the fame; and, in that Cafe, 4* the Award of the said Commissioners, nominated and appointed by and in pursuance of this Act, or of any Three or more of them, shall be final and conclusive to all the Parties concerned."

The Two First Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (A), the last Amendment, was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Edward Walter Esquire, and divers other Persons claiming under the Wills of his Grandfather and Brother, respectively, to make Leases of the several Lands and Hereditaments purchased, and to be purchased, since the Will of Peter Walter the Grandfather, and in pursuance of the fame, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Executors of Augustus late Earl of Berkeley to make Leases of his Estates in Gloucesterjkire, during the Minority of his Children, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 27. Before 44limited," insert "mentioned to be

Pr. 11. L. 8. After his," insert or her."

rlhe said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order ct the Day being read ;*

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Couniel were called in.

And the Couniel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner Earohet, examined several Witnesses, in order to di (qualify Eighteen other Persons, who voted for the Lord - Wenman and Sir James Dashwood Baronet; Three as not being assessed to the Land Tax; One as being a Lease-hoider; Five as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of Forty Shillings per Annum; One as not being allelfed to the Land Tax, and as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of Forty Shillings per Annum; Three as not being assessed to the Land Tax,

Walfff’s

Eftatrt.

Bv rkelrv’s Estates.

Oxford

County

Election.

28 GeO. It

i 5b — 17°

Tax, and as being Almfnlen; One as not having any Freehold in the said County; Three as having been influenced to vote by Threats $ and the other as not being in Pofiession of the Freehold for which he voted.

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify Three other Persons, Who voted for the said Lx>rd IVAim an and Sir James -wood, as not having any Freehold in the said County.

And they having proposed to disquality One other Person, who voter! for the said Lord JVenman and Sir James Dafnvood;

The Counfei on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counfei for the said Lord and Sir

ward ’Turner produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that the said Person was not a lie (led to the Land Tax.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Fifteen other Pei Ions, who voted for the said Lord fVenman and Sir James; Two as not

being abetted to the Land Tax; Four as not having any Freehold in the said County; One as not being assessed to the Land Tax (or a Freehold of the Value of 40 j. per Annum; One as not being allelfed to the Land Tax for a Freehold in the Place where, at the time of the said Election, he swore his Freehold did lie; One as being a Leatcholder; One as not being nffefled to the Land 'fax, and as being a Leaseholder; Two as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 per Annum-, Two_as not being act'effect to the Land Tax, and as not having a Freehold in the said County of the V alue of 40 s.per Annum; and the other as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freehold for which lie voted.

They also produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Three other Persons, who voted for the said Lord l-Venman and Sir James wood-. Two as not having any Freehold in the said County; and the other as being a Leaseholder.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Two other Persons, who voted for the said Lord IVenmanand Sir James Dashwoas not having

a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40*. per Annum.

And then the Counfei on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 170 die Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii 1IJ» Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

African A PETITION of the Merchants trading to Africa, Company, from the Town of Lancaster, was prefen ted to the

House, and read; alleging, That an Alteration of the present Method of carrying on the Trade to Africa, established by Act of Parliament, will be very detrimental to the said Trade and the Petitioners: And praying the House to take the Pretnifes into Consideration, and to do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the African Trade.

An inSrossed from the Lords, intituled, An Act to VOL. 27.

impower the Executors cf Alate Earl of Berkeley, to make Leafcsof his Estates in (luring the

Minority of his Children, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

Ordered, That tire Secretary to the Committee of the Conipany of Merchants trading to Africa do forthwith lay before this House a List of the Persons appointed to be of the said Committee, from 1750 to 1754, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and the Places for which they were Id appointed.

Mr. Pr'oivfe reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Adtfor confirming arid establishing the Partition of the Estates late of Sir George Chudleigk and Dame Prances his Wife, Tryphena Davie and John Pollexfen E'.quire; and for settling the several specific Shares thereof relulting from the said Partition to and for the several Lies and Purposes for which the several undivided Parts thereof were veiled and settled before the said Partition; and for authorizing Leases to be made of divers Parts of the Premises; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfadioti of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, against the Bill depending in the House for dividing and inclosing Bent ham Moor, in the County of York, which Petition was presented to the House upon the

Sixth Day of this instant March, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counfei, against the said Bill, when the feme shall be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Counfei be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petit ion.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Thornhagh reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Stephens was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report iri his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. \

It appeared, that an Act passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for encouraging the Making of Pot Ashes and Pearl Allies in the Plantations iri America. And,

Mr. John TJiomlinfori, being examined, informed your Committee, That Pot Allies uletl formerly to be brought from Russia, but How great Quantities are brought from the Mediterranean, which he believes are paid for in Bills or Money; and that he apprehends the Balance of Trade to be f. 60,000 per Annum against us in this Article; and it one time, according to the best Calculation he could make, it was One hundred thousand Pounds per Annum against us:

That Pot Allies are very necessary toWliitfter$, Callico' printers, and many other Manufacturers; and ihoXRuJJid Allies have been mostly uled in the Soap Trade:

3 O That

African

Company*

Chtidleigh’*

Jkftaio-

Bentharfy

&c.

Inclosure.

Stephens’

Manufacturg

of

Pot Aflu

i70 Martii. A. 175c.

Stephens’ That he had been in America; and that the whole Manufacture Country is aim oft covered with Wood, where People are Pot All)- not yet settled; and there are Materials more than l'uffi-cient to supply any Demand for Pot Allies:

That lie had known several Attempts to rtiake Pot Allies in America, by Persons going from England for that Purpose; but that he believes they all failed, for that he never knew any Quantity of good Ashes come from thence, which he apprehends was from Want of the Inhabitants, and the Persons who went over, knowing how to make them; and that one Mr. went

tiver to America, and spent a good deal of Money upoil the Projcit, but never made any good Allies:

That he think?, if any good Allies had come over since the Act passed, he mult have heard of it; but that he never heard of any, except what the Petitioner Petit over the\ear beioreiaft, which went through his Compting-house, and were sold to Mr. a Soapboiler there.

The said Mr. Michael being examined, laid,

He bought a Calk ot 800 Weight of Pot Allies made by the Petitioner: Betore he used them, he thought them the bell he bad ever l'een , and, because he would have them have a free and candid Trial, he called several Persons of the Trade to be present at the making them into Soap, and that they all approved of them; and that he would prefer thei'e Allies to Allies, which are accounted the belt; and that the Soap, when made, was very good; and that he could know Stephens' Pot Allies, by the Look and Taste, from any other, they being the cleanest he ever law:

IV.at he believes the Soapmakers use about 1,500 Tons of Allies yearly in their Trade; and that about Three Years ago Ruj/iaAllies were from Three Pounds to TlfVee Pounds Ten Shillings an Hundred Weight: That the Merchants engrafted them, mixed the good and bad together, and fold themfo: And that they are necessary to Whitfters, Caliice-printers, and other Manufacturers.

Mr. Robert Coker, Soapmaker, laid, I le and his Brother were present when the last Witness tried Mr. Stephens' Allies, and thit they approved of them, and thought them preferable to the belt Ruff:a; and that after the Soap was made, they desired Half a Firkin of it, which they kept Two or Three Months, and it fto >d very well in the Summer Time; and kept a firm Body, which shewed the Allies good, and kind in Quality, and that he could know Mr. Stephens' Ashes from or any

other Ashes he ever law, by the Appearance.

Mr. Bartholomew A ip on, from Mr. John,

Merchant, produced a Parcel of Pot Allies, which were lent from Virginia, as made by a Correspondent of Mr.

Hanbury's:And,

Mr. Jc'hiPhillips produced a Parcel of Pot Allies made by Mr. Stephens's Method, which he said was made after Mr. Stephens left America, and which he received from Mr. Althorp's at Boston in New England, from whence he came lately, and has had the Allies all the while in his Custody: And,

Mr. Impey, being shewn both the last mentioned Sam-

ples of A (he:, laid, That tliofc produced by Mr. Afston were not Pot Allies, and no better than common Wood Allies, and that he would not use them if they were given him; but thinks the Pot Allies produced by Mr. 'Phillips are of the same Kind, and equal in Goodness, wi h those he used before of Mr. Stephens' j and that he would prefer them to RnJJia. Allies, if he could buy them at the larr.e Price: And,

Mr. Coker, being shewn the said Allies, confirmed Mr. Impey s Evidence; and added, That the Person who made Mr. Stephans' Pot Allies mull: be very skilful in fine Art.

Mr. Thomas Townsend, Chymist, being likewise Ihcwn the said Samples ot Allies, confirmed the Evidence ot Mr. Impey and Mr. Coker-, and added, That he had tried Ionic of Mr. Stephens' Allies about Two Years since, and/ that he never saw any come to Market so clean, which made him fiYpeft they were not Pot Allies; but, upon Trial, found them to be much (Longer, and more corro-‘9

five, than any Sort of Allies he ever used, ar.u that Gi.e hundred Weight of them will ao further than an 1 i unclred Weight and an Half of any other Allies; and that he found them to have no other Quality than that of For. Allies; and that he apprehended the Making of then! to be a chymical Process, and the Person mull undci Hand the making of Pot Allies very well who made them.

Mr. Thomas Up'tonlaid, He was in America about the Year 1747, and saw a Work of Mr. Stephens' for making Pot Ashes in South Carolina: That the Method of making them was then a Secret: That he imagines these Works mull have been a considerable Expence, and a great deal of Trouble, to him.

Mr. Thomlinfon, being examined, laid, That Mr. Stephens has been again in America, and has engaged with several considerable Persons to carry on this Manufacture; and he produced a Letter from Twoof the most considerable Merchants in Maffiachtijet's Bay, whereby it appeared,

that they were engaged in this Work; and also a Letter from Mr. John Majearene, a Merchant in New,

whereby it appeared, that he was going to engage iu making Pot Allies according to Mr. Stephens'% Method; and hopes soon to tend over a considerable Quantity.

Then a Letter from the said Me Jeanne to Mr. Stephens was read, wherein he applies to him for his AlTitiance and Iufitruciion fur carrying on Works for the making Pot Allies.

And Two other Letters from Mr. Barnes, a Merchant in New England, were read to your Committee, to shew that he was engaged in Works for making of Pot Allies according to Mr Stephens' Method.

o a

Mr. Aiflon, being further examined, laid. That Mr. James H'ardrcp, Merchant in Maryland, is lb tally convinced of the Good nets ot Mr. Stephens's Merhod, that he is going to engage in this Manufacture to the utmoR of his Power: Then,

Mr. Stephens the Petitioner informed your Committee, That he has published his Method of making Pot Allies in America, and is going to print it here; and he produced an Account of the Process, and a Plan of his Works, which he laid had been given in to the Secretary at Massachuset's Bax, for the Use of the Public; and Mr. 1 homlinfon and Mr. Phillips proved the Signing of the said Papers by the Secretary of the Colony ot Ah fa-chafeds Bay, acknowledging his Receipt of a Copy of the Process at lame, and obliging Limielf to exhibit tho same for the Lie of the Public.

Mr. Tkomlinjon, being further examined, said, That he believes the People of that Country will engage in mak* ing the Allies upon Mr. Stephens's Method, as by that means they will be able lo make a Profit by clearing their Lands of Wood, which they are obliged to do now, though they only burn or watte it; and that this would be a great Advantage to this Country, as it would increase our Exports of Linen, Woollen, Iron, and other Manufactures, the chief of our Returns thither being made in Manufactures.

Your Committee thought proper, for their further Information, to order the proper Officer to lay before them an Account of the Quantity of Pot Ash and Pearl Ash imported from his Majesty’s Plantations iq America for Three Years, ending at Christmas 1754; by which the Quantity appears to be as follows:

From Christmas 1751 Pearl Aflu £ Pot Ash. I-

to Christmas 1752 - 40

>7 11,231 3’93.i

>754 17,627 6,308

Total - £. 2S, S5S ic,q8i

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Con-lideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVednfday Seven-nig;.t, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The

28 Geo. It

letds

to

0<kv>

Sec.

Read-

The Lord Doxvne reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for the amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads from the Town of , in the West. Riding of the County of York, to Ot/ey, in the fanie Riding, and from thence, through Skipton, in the same Riding, to Colne, in the County of L and from thence, through, Burnley and 'Blackburn, to in

Walton, in the County of and from Skipton

aforesaid, through Gisburn and Clitheroe, to , in

the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton aforesaid to

Carpcrby, in the North Riding of the County of York; was re-committed, That the Committee had made some other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fol. 44. L. 13. being (everaily read a Second time, were, upon the Quct-tion severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fol. 44. Li 13. being a Proviso that no Attorney or Solicitor shall be capable of acting as a Trustee during the time he shall pradliie as an Attorney or Solicitor, was read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

n- , r ,i v S Sir John } ,

leheio for the ^cas>£ \]r> $ 64

Tellers for the Noes,

V Sir John

49.

’IMr. Harvey:

So it was rel'olved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questt.m severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ik Prince Mr. Vynetreported from the Committee, to whom the Ficdtrick Petition of the fevetal and rcipeftive Merchants, whole Pacquet. Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the Effects and Jewels on board the Prince Frederick Pacquet Boat, taken by Algerine Cruilerr, and carried into , was referred, That the

Committee had examined the Matters cf Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

The laid Report is prefelved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Hrretable Jurisdictions in Scotland.

Edinburgh

1< Bills.

Thirflc

fcilbani

Rvad.

A MefTage from the Lorcb, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; concerning the Offices of Sheriff Depute and Stewart Depute in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without any Amendment 1 And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act: of the Twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Crammond Bridge to the Town of Queen’s Ferry, in the County of and for

making the said Act more effectual; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from , over Skipton Bridge, through Balderfb, to Baldersby , ad-

Vol. 27.

joining to Hutton Moor, in the Way to Ripon, and through A inderby, Quernhow, and by Well

Flashes Gate, to Masham, in the County of York; and likewise for removing the Toll House and Turnpike Gates at Bttjby Stobb, in the said County, to tome other convenient Place in the Road leading from Borough-bridge to the City of Durham; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; Toller Lane, for amending and widening the Road? from the West End of Toller Lane, near Bradford, through Haworth, oa ' in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, neaf Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Laws to Kighley, in the said County of York j without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Grnnflon'a this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Name, honourable Harbottle Grimfion Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Luthyn, pursuant to the Wills of Sir Baronet, and Edward Luckyn Esquire, deceased.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom Lvddeil’s the Report was re-committed, which was made from the jvilfchines Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard and also the several other Petitions relating to the Ma-cliines or Vessels invented by the said Richard Lyddell, for the Removal of Earth, Ballast, Sand, or any other Kind ot Matter, from any Port, River, Harbour, Creek, or Inlet, were referred, That the Committee had reconsidered some of the Matters mentioned in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the iame was read; and is as followeth; v/z.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of Richard Lyddell,

Mr. John Major, an elder Brother of the Trinity House, being examined, informed your Committee, That he has seen the Machine or Vessel invented by Mr. Lyddell for the Removal of, or carrying away. Earth, Ballast, Sand,

Rubbish, Rocks, Stones, or any other Kind of Matter, from Ports, Rivers, Harbours, Creeks, or Inlets:

That he has never seen any thing of the like Kind in England: That the Use of it is to take Ballast out of Ships in Harbour, and carry it out to Sea at less Expence than landing it on the Wharfs — And that it is of genera.

Utility to remove Shoals, or any other Obstructions, from Rivers in shoal Water — That when the Ports of the Machines are Unit, it is impossible they should lose any of their Ballast in going to Sea.

And being asked if he apprehends that carrying Ballast to Sea into Fourteen Fathom Whiter is later than carrying it by Land the same Difiance off ? he said, If it is call in Fourteen Fathom Distance from the Shore, it will make some Difference.

And being atked the Question, he said, He could not tell whetherBallaft dropped into Fourteen Fathom Water can be drove into Thirteen; but that, if he was to have the Direction, it should be thrown Two Miles off Land.

He then said, Thar there is more Danger by unloading the Ballast on Shore than by unloading ir into 14 Fathom Water — That the Mailers of these Machines or Vessels may be obliged, by St re Is of Weather, to open their Hatches, and let the Ballast out in less than 14 Fathom Water: That Keels or Lighters having no Decks are more likely to be funk than the Machines — That Lightermen have more Inducement to throw' the Ballast out of the Lighters than the Masterof this Machine has, because the Machine gives no Trouble to unload.

Being asked the Question, he said, That the Machine* may, in the Day-time, drop their Ballast in less than 14 Fathom imperceptibly; though, he said, where the Ballast is let out, it makes a Froth in the Sea which may be seen At some Distance.

And

1 Adder's Ballad Machines.

2x6 17° Martit. A. 17^5.

And being asked the Question; he said, It would he lor Mr. Lyddell's, Interest to keep the Matches of the Ma-

chine open whilst loading, to let the Ballast keep running out, and so it would to drop the Ballad: before they come to Fourteen Fathom — That it would be of Service to the Public to limit the Distance of carrying the Ballad out from Shore, as well as into what Depth — That Two Miles from Shore would be a sufficient Didance.

Mr. Thomas Bennett, likewise an cider Brother of the Trinity House, confirmed Mr. Major's, Evidence as to the Utility of the Machine; and added, that it is equally as safe to carry the Ballad to Sea as to lay it on Shore, if it is carried into 14 Fathom, or to a proper Didance.

Mr. Henry Bird senior, a Shipbuilder, being examined, informed your Committee, That Mr. Richard Lyddell was the Inventor of the Machines, and has been at great F.xpence in building them — That Four oft hem have been built, which, with their Furniture, cod £, 3C0 apiece; and that there are Two more in Hand now, bigger than the others, and will cod more: And he likewise added. That the Ports arc so contrived, that, when they are shut, no Ballad can go out or in.

Captain James fVi/foninformed your Committee, That

he has loaded and failed in One of the Machines — That his Opinion is, that it will be of great Service to Navigation — That it has been worked at , and no where else, and that it answers the Intent: That the Expence is heavy, Four Men being required to fail it — That Ballad is removed Sixpence per Ton cheaper by the Machine than by landing it on Quays by Keels cr Lighters, and that it is farer for the River to have it thrown into Fourteen Fathom Water: That Ships frequently throw Ballad into Ten Fathom Water in eroding a Mile and an Half without Timnouth Harbour, without meeting with any Interruption from the Corporation of — That he has

known Ballad thrown into Ten Fathom Water, but that he never heard of any one’s being punished for it, nor ever heard that there was any Law to punish for doing it: That it is Two Miles and an Half from Tinmouth Bar to Fourteen Fathom Water at high Water, and that he has not been at Shields since lad September was Twelve-month: That making use of the Machine is a Dispatch to Shipping, as w'cll as a Saving, because it unloads sooner than other Vessels — He further added. That there is Seventeen Feet Water at the Bar at high Water on a Neap Tide, and Twenty-two on a Spring Tide: That theie is Seven Feet Water there at lew Water on a Neap Tide, and Six on a Spring Tide; and that Ballad thrown into Fourteen Fathom Water cannot drop into Shore.

Mr. Thomas Curtis, who is concerned in Shipping, gave the same Evidence with Mr. Major and Mr. Bennett, as to the general Utility of the Machine.

Mr. Robert Clayton, aShipmaster, informed your Committee, That he has employed the Machines, by which he has found a Saving of Sixpence Ton — That a

Ship has been overset by unlading Ballad on Quays; and that it is a greater Security to Shipping to dispose of Ballad to these Vessels, than by going alongside the Quays — That the Bank has so great a Descent, that it cannot hurt the Harbour: That there is Twenty-four Feet Water close to the Bar at Spring Tides — That the Machine has taken Forty Tons of Ballad at once — That he has observed, that a Land Flood has been on the Top of Burdens Ballad Quay, when there has been Ballad on

it: That this happened Ten Years ago, and that be then rowed a Boat over it — That if Forty thousand Tons of Ballad yearly were to be thrown into Fourteen Fathom Water, he thinks the Current or Tide would drive it cither Northward or Southward, and that it would not be washed into Thirteen Fathom.

Then a Patent granted by his Majesty to the said Richard Lyddell, dated 12th of 1752, for the foie

Use and Exercise of his said Invention, was produced, and read to your Committee.

Mr. Bird senior further informed your Committee, That Mr. Lyddell has employed a great deal of Time, and

been at great F.xpence, in trying Experiments, and in bringing the said Invention to Perfection: And,

That your Committee might be the better infotmed of the Utility of the said Machine, the Agent for the Petitioner Air. Lyddell, produced to your Committee a Model thereof: And,

Captain Bronell,a Surveyor of Sloops and i' effcls to the Cudom House in London, being called to explain to your Committee the Method of working the said Machine, laid. That he has fcen One of them on the Stocks — That he took particular Notice of it; and allured your Committee, that it is built exactly correspondent with the Model:

That the Ports of the said Machine draw close up with a Chain that goes with a Span or circular Iron, anil takes both Sides of the Ports, from whence the Chain comes through the Beam in the Middle of the Vessel; by which means the Pons are so ft cured, that ihe Vessel cannot, in failing, drop any of the Bailad, unkfs unavoidable Accidents happen: And also.

That a Two Inch Rabbit is fixed all round the Port; which makes it shut as close as a Box; and, of course, impossible, while the Forelock is in, that any thing can go out — That he thinks it very useful both lor Security and Convenience: That it may go to Sea as fafclv as other Vessels of the same Burthen; and that if he was in One of them in a hard Gale, and Sea Room enough, he should not think himself in any Danger.

And being asked, if there was any Contrivance on board for removing Rocks, Shoal?, or other Obstructions, from the Bottoms of Rivers? he said. That there is no such Contrivance at present, but that it may be made fit for those Purposes: and that if it was to be furnished with Engines anil Nets, it might serve as well as the Ballad Lighters in the River Thames.

And being asked the Question, he said, He could not tell to what Degree the Sand at the Bottom of the Sea rolls in tempeltuous Weather; but that he has seen the Water break, in Thirty Fathom W ater, by meeting with contrary Weather and a counter Tide — And being asked, he said. That carrying Ballast out in these Vessels will not hurt the Road-Head, nor injure Ships Cables — That he should chuse to anchor in Fourteen Fathom, and not fulpeit any Danger — That Ballast dropt into Fourteen Fathom Water will be dispersed by the Motion of the Tide, and go to a Level; but that in time it will vvalh towards the Shore — That it is naturally Four times still Water in Twenty-four Hours.

And being asked it Two hundred thousand Tons of Ballast dropped in Thirteen or Fourteen Fathom Water will fall into a Flat, or in Heaps ? he laid. He is nor certain, but believes it will fp read, for that aGale of Wind will spread any thing above the Level of the Surface--That he apprehends the Intention of this Machine is only to take the Ballast from Ships, and not out of Rivers, and never heard it was tiled for other Purposes — That nobody, except those on board, can tell when the Ballast is dropped — That if it is frequently dropped in one Place, it will make a Hill — That dropping Ballast makes the Water rife in Bubbles — That the Ballast ought to be carried into the Sea, to keep the Haven clear; for that it would beaPrejudiceto the River to haveitdroppedthere: That there is a Possibility of these Vessels committing Frauds, as they may drop their Ballast in what Depth they please, without being discovered.

Captain Peter Vardell, a Mailer of a Ship, and likewise Agent or Manager for these Vessels, being asked what Interest he bad in them ? said, He shall be neither Gainer or Loser by the Patent, and that he lus no fixed Salary; but, as he is obliged to put another Muller into his own Vessel whilst he is ailing for these, he expects something; and that he has made a verbal Agreement only to have a Halfpenny a Ton from all Ballast removed by the Machines: That he has been on board, and thinks them well adapted for the Purpose of removing Ballast: That they do not lose their Ballast in working; for, after

they

a8 Geo. II. 17 Martii. 237

they have let go the (ihain, they are obliged to make use of a Pole of Four I riche- Diameter, with which they l'ome-times give Ten or Twelve Strokes before they can force open the Ports — That the Master, who is sworn before a Notary Public not to drop the Ballad into less than Fourteen Fathom, always calls the Crew, confiding of Two Men and a Boy, to witness, that it is cast in a proper Depth — That he never heard of any Objection being made by the Corporation of New being dropped in Fourteen Fathom Water; but that he has he 1 d of Penalties being laid on Masters for dropping it in let’s than Fourteen Fathom: And this Witness, being like wife stked the Question, said, That Ballaftdroppedinto Fourteen Fathom Water will n<'t injure Ships Cables, but rather be of Service in anchoring: That from Ten to Fourteen Fathom is Hocks and foul Ground, and not a proper Road-dead: Thar it wou'd be impossible for the Machine to lie along side any Ship with her Ports open, without being discovered; nor is it confident with the Interest of those who heave the Ballad from tire Colliers, they being paid for filling the Hopper of the Machine; and, if they were to keep the Ports open, they would get nothing for their Labour: That the Machines are about Thirty Tons Burthen, and fink from 5 to 7 Feet — That he has very often offered the Water Bailiff to fend his Man ou board the Machine, to see that the Crew did not commit any Frauds; but that the Water Bailiff asked. Who was to bear the Expence ? — That the Witness made Answer, He had no hing to say to that; but, if the Water Bailiff would fend a Man an board, the Witness would give him Ship-room.

And the Witness further laid, That he directs (he Masters never to drop their Ballail in less than Fourieen Fathom Water; and, in case they are prevented by a Gale of Wind, or otherwise, from getting into that Depth, to return into the Harbour again: That the Matters are paid by the Month, whether they go to Sea or not, and therefore can have no Inducement to drop their Ballast in an improper Depth; and that he sincerely believes they never did cast it into Ids than Fourteen Fathom Water, though it might be for the Interest of the Sailors, wdioare paid by the Trip, to drop it sooner — That unloading Ballast by these Machines is the most expeditious Way, and the cheapest by Six Pence per Ton — That One of the Machines has been once employed, by the Proprietors of a Quay at Shields, to remove a Nuifar.ce from thence — That these Vdi’els, having a Deck, are not so likely to be funk as the Keels — That Ballast being cast into Fourteen Fathom Water can never hurt the Harbour, it having no Communication with the Indraught of the Tide — That he has, in his own Ship, carried Ballast out of the Harbour again, upon the Deck, and hove it out into Fourteen Fathom Water, which is always allowed by the Cor-pora'ion of NeivcafAe, by which lie has saved Eight Pence per Ton, and likewise 13^. t[d for each Keel’s Dues — That he has gone out in one of the Machines in a hard Gale of Wind, and sot back again with the Return of the

7 c o

Tide: And being asked what is the Breadth of the Bar at Tinmouth? he said. He does not know; but that there

is sometimes Sixteen or Seventeen Feet Water there at Flood, and about Twenty-three at Spring Tides: That Colliers generally draw Sixteen or Seventeen Feet Water; and that they seldom flick at going out of the Harbour, unless by the ill Management of the Pilots — That the Place where the Machines usually take in their Ballast is about a Mile or a Mile and an Half from the Bar — That it is the Land Water which increases the Bar — That Fourteen Fathom Water at low Water is Two Miles and an Half from the Bar, and that at high Water it is about Twenty Yards Difference — Thar the Indraught of the Tide is about a Mile from the Bar — That at the Mouth of the River Tyne there is a Sand Bank called the; and that a fresh Easterly Wind carries the Sand from thence upon the Bar, by which the Bar becomes a little contracted; but a Westerly Wind and Land Flood will clear it again: That the Land Water comes gradually down, and that sometimes the Tide does not turn lor Vol. 27.

Three Days together — That a South-East Wind forne-times blows for the fp.ice of Eight or Ten Days, at which Times theii? Vet ft Is cannot go to Sea — That they cannot go with a North-Eall Wind, if it blows high — That the Increase of the Bar sometimes proceeds from the Sand being washed on it from a Bank called the Sparrow Hawk — When Ships are prevented by contrary Winds from coming into the Harbour, they may ride safe at Anchor, if they bring up within Sixty Fathom of the Land, which theycandoif the Wind is against them — That tometimes Sixty, Seventy, or Eighty, Sail of Ships come into the River Tyne within Twenty-tour Hours, and wait to unlade their Ballast; and that Six of theft- Machines would take Ballaftas fail asthev could get Coa’s, though the Machine will not carry the whole Ba tall o* a Ship ai once:

That there have been many Sailors diicharced from the

J

Machines; and the Witness docs not doubt but they would have given Information if the Ball ft had ever been dropped in less titan Fourteen Fathom Water — That the Sounding' are very unequal, the Bottom being in some Places rocky, and with, a great Declivity: And no further added, That he has hove the Balatl into Sixteen 0: Twenty Fathom Water.

Then in order to shew what Penalty has been inflicted upon Mailers ot Vessels for calling Ballast in the River Tyne into Ids than Fourteen Fath-m Water, An Order of Council, made in the Year 1616, was read whereby it appeared, that all Matters of Slops, who should be detected in calling Ballast between the Places ca'led Souter and Hartley, or within Four.een Fathom of the Haven of Netxcafile, should be brought into the Town Chamber, and be there constrained, in the Presence of the People, to cut a Purle with Money in it, as a Mark, of Infamy; it being as much as to say he had offended against the River in as high a Degree as if he had cut a Purle from the Person of a Man.

And an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth and Thirty-fifth Years of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and also an Act passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were read, in order to shew that there is a Penalty on all Persons throwing Ballad or Rubb fh out of any Ship, Lighter, or other Vessel, riding within any Haven, Road, Channel, or navigable River, but only on the Land where the Tide or Water never flows or runs. Then in order to prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council, of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled,

Mr, Thomas Aubone, Secretary to the Trinity Hottfe at

Newca/Ue, being examined, said, That he has been on board one of the Machines invented by Mr. at

Tinmouth Haven — That the Machine came there the Beginning of February last — That it has been employed nowhere but there; and that the only Use that is made of it is to take Ballast out of Ships, and carry it to Sea, and there dropping it:

That it will be of dangerous Consequence to employ these Machines in Tinmouth Harbour, because Ballast dropped near the Shore will be a Detriment to the Harbour:

That there is a Bar across the Mouth of the said Harbour, and also a large Bed of Sand called the Herd on the South Side thereof; and that an Increase of eitherwill be very destructive to the Harbour:

That he has founded the Bar many Years, and finds it now grown up to a long Flat:

That there is an Harbour at the Firth of Forth, about Thirty Leagues to the Northward, and the Humber, about Thirty Leagues, to the Southward, of the River Tyste, which are the only Harbours within that Distance capable of receiving Vessels above the Draugnt of Fourteen Feet Water:

That he has founded the Bar several times between the Years 1738 and 1 754, and, within that Mine, found very little Variation; but that, upon the 21st of 1754,

he went down and founded, and found upon the Bar at

3 P low

LvcMelTs

Machines-

i^-

Lyddeli's

Ballast

Machined

258 170 Martii. 1755.

low Water, and a Spring Tide, Five Feet Water; and that the Bar is extended further Eastwards, towards the Sea, than it did formerly; and that he cannot impute the Increase of the Bar to any thing but the throwing Ballast on the North and South Sides of the Mouth of the Harbour — That the Bar now goes quite across the Harbour, and that the Sparrow Hawk has been grown up these Three Years;

And he further said, That if the Bar continues to increase as it has clone, the Damage will be irreparable, and it will be impossible to clear the Harbour; and Ships of about 500 Tons, and which carry about Thirty or Thirty-two Keels of Coals, will, by that means, be rendered ule-Jels, unless they lie off to take in their Loading.

And being asked the Question, he said, The lead Depth of Water he found upon the Bar in 1754, at low Water, was Five Feet — -That he found some little Variation, but did not find more than Six Feet, nor ever so little as Five Feet, till 1754.

And being asked if the Bar is not liable to vary much ? he said, That with the Wind at the East, or Ealt-North-East, the Sand breaks up from the Sea, and flops up the Bar — That the Sea rolls from Jutland 100 or 150 Leagues, and sets directly into the Harbour, and fills up the Mouth of it; but that a strong West Wind and Land Flood sometimes will redress it:

That he compared a Sounding of the River Tyne in 1752 with one in 1650, and found very little Variation as to Depth, but that the Channel has grown a little narrower within these few Years, which he attributes to the Land Floods bringing down DirtandSand, and also from Ballast blown from the Ballast Quays into the River:

That he never saw the Water waih any great Quantities of Ballast off the Quays — That the Keelmen may throw Ballast into the River, but he does not know that they have; but that he does not doubt but some Abuses have been committed — That at high Water there is sometimes Eighteen Feet Water on the Bar; but, if the WindisSouthcrly.it is not so good by Two or Three Feet; and if the Wind is at North-West there isabout Twenty-two Feet Water — That from the Bar to Fourteen Fathom is a Descent; but he finds it altered, and grown more into a Flat — That the Bar is about a Mile wide, and, when he founded in 1754, and found only Five Feet Water, he means in the bell Passage, which was the only Place he founded in them — That from the Top of the Bar to Fourteen Fathom Water, at low Water, is more than a Mile and an Half — That at low Water, and good Tides, it flows Twenty-one Feet:

That the Ballast will spread — That the Soil on the Bar is Sand; and that the London Ballast is Two Lighters of Gravel and One of Mud — That in 1754 he did not found from the Top of the Bar info Fourteen Fathom, their Poles only extending Fourteen or Fifteen Feet; and that he has seen large Stones brought up by the Surge of the Sea:

That it is safer to the Navigation to land the Ballast: on Quays than to carry it to Sea; for, if it is dropped in the Sea, when the Wind is at East-North-East, it will fill the Bar.

And being asked, whether, if Ballast could be conveyed into Twenty Fathom Water, it would be the better for the Harbour? he said. If the Honesty of the People could be depended upon, throwing it into that Depth would be better than hying it on the Quays, but that throwing it into Forty Fathom Water would bebeftofall, and, in his Opinion, quite safe — That the Machines frequently . drop their Ballast into Fourteen Fathom Water, which remains, at low Water, in Ten Fathoqi and an Half: - And he further added, That it is as safe for the Keels to go . Tip the River as it is for the Machines to go to Sea.

Mr. Francis Pemberton, Mailer of a Ship, and elder Brother of the Trinity House at Newcastle, who has been acquainted with the Harbour of for Fifty-five

Years, gave the same Evidence with Mr. Aubone with re-ipedt to the Soundings, the Increase of the Bar, and the

Prejudice the Harbour will receive by throwing Ballast out of these Machines: And he added, That the Bed of the Sea goes (helving; and that the Tide sets into the Harbour, and runs, on the Con ft, North and South.

And being asked what Effect the W'ind has upon the Bar? he laid, When the Wind is North and by Kail, which it fomet imes is for Five or Six Weeks together, it injures the Bar, and that it did before the Machines were ufcdj and that the present additional Flat is come sincelaft Year — That he founded before 1752, and the Water was flioaler than in 174S, cccalioned by the Wind.

And being asked if there has been any Alteration on

O w,

the Bar since the Use of the Machines? he made Anfiver, That the Bar is now grown to so great a Fiat, that it is impossible it should be carried into the Sea by the Land Floods — That the Bar may be clecivaled by a ItrongWeft-erly Wind and great Floods, but cannot be restored to its former State; and that throwing Ballast any-where in the North Sea will be a Prejudice to the River — That he has heard Once or Twice of Complaints being made of Keel-men throwing Ballast into the River.

And being asked if Ballast is ever blown off the Shore ? he laid, A little dry Sand, but not much; and that the Harbour is as good as lormerly:

That in last November Ships lav at Hey Hole in Twelve, Thirteen, or Fourteen, Feet Water — That levcra! Parts of the Harbour are dry at low Water; but that it is as good in general as when he first knew it, and the Channel no narrower:

That he docs not believe the Machines are furnished with Necessaries for any long Time; and that it is very probable they may drop their Ballast in shoal Water, which they may do in foggy Weather without being discovered.

And being asked if calling Ballast would liyrt the Road-dead? he said, He had not heard the Captains complain, but that he believes it would; and that great Quantities dropped are much more likely to be drived on the Bar than any Quantity drove there from the Sea by the Winds or Tide; Then,

The Agent for the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships using the Coal Trade in the Port of London acquainted your Committee, That, in order to lave their Time, it should be proposed,

That an Officer, to be appointed by the Corporation of Newcastle, shall be on board each of these Machines — That he shall have the Care of the Ports, and the Openings for letting out the Ballast: That he shall be paid by Mr. Lyddell; and that the Ballast shall be dropped in Forty Fathom, if thought necessary, under a Penalty; and that he shall be limited to Fourteen Pence per Ton, or that he will pay a Penny a Ton to the Corporation of Newcastle, for defraying the Expences.

And Mr. Lyddell, having heard the said Proposal read, said, He was willing to consent thereto.

But the Agent for the Petitioners against the said Machine informed your Committee, That he had no Authority to agree to the said Proposal.

Mr. William Wilson, who has been Pilot to his Majesty’s Ships Ten Years, and has belonged to the Sea Thirty-four or Thirty-five Years, and is well acquainted with the Harbour of Tinmouth, being examined, confirmed the Evidence the Committee had before received with respect to the Increase of the Bar, and the Occasion of it: And further added, That there is a great Difference between the Ships discharging their Ballast and the Machines; for, when it is discharged from a Ship into the Sea, it is hove out with Shovels whilfc the Ship is under Way; and that he never knew Ships call their Ballad when at Anchor in Fourteen Fathom Water — That he never heard of any Damage being done to the Bar before these Machines were used: That he has seen the Sand boil up in Thirty or Thirty-two Fathom Water; and that, to avoid the Bar’s being injured, Ballast ought not to be call in less than Fourteen or Fifteen Leagues Distancefrom the Bar, at which Distance it is about Forty

Fathom

18 Geq. II. 170

i39

Fathom Water — That he takes the Increase of the Bar to proceed from the Sand Washing out of the Sea, but imagines the Carting of Ballast to be an Addition.

And being asked what becomes of the Ballast that is dropped by the Machines into Fourteen Fathom Water? he said. That the Wind and Sea heave it towards the Land — That it spreads, and is carried gradually in; and that the Indraught of the Harbour is l'o strong, that it washes up great Stones.

Mr. John Crawford, a seafaring Man, being examiried, informed your Committee, That at Eight o’Clock in the Evening, on the Eighteenth of September last, as he was returning from a Voyage to Ne in the Ship Rowland and Jane, he law Two Vessels coming out of the Harbour, which he imagined were the Machines — That they proceeded to Sea a little more than a Quarter of a Mile before they dropped Anchor, which he judged to be in about Nine Fathom Water at Two Hours Ebb — That the Ship he was in went about a Cable’ Length from them, and brought up in about Seven Fathom Water, and lay there till next Flood — That the Machines were never out of their Sight, and returned into the Harbour a little before the Witnesss; and that it was the general Opinion of every one on board their Ship, that they were the Machines, and likewise that they were not in more than Ten Fathom Water — That they imagined the Machines went in light — That it was not lodark but they Cpuld fee them, and the Watch on board their Vessel did fee them all the time.

And being asked the Question, he laid. That the Machines will fleer nearer to the Wind than the Vessel he was in, but that they can’t go to Sea when a Ship can’t.

And being again asked the Question, he fa'ul. He could not faypofitively, of his own Knowledge, whether the Machines were in Fourteen Fath >m Water, or not, or that they were not further out to Sea than his VtfiH; he did not found where they lay — That there were Nine Men and Boys on board his Vessel, and that he never heard of any Information being made against; the Machines.

And being asked what rteafon he had to think the Machines had dropped their Ballast ? he laid, Because he saw (hem come out, and return in again the next Morning: That he suppoles they came out to drop their Ballast; they supposed they were empty, because they did not fvvim so deep as might be imagined, and that he had not beard they ever returned full.

Mr. William Bryfon, Mariner in the same Vessel, being

examined, confirmed the Evident e given by Mr. fordand added, That he had the Watch the whole time that Crawford was off Deck, arid (hat the Machines were not out of Sight all Night: That he often hove the Lead, and found not more than Six or Seven Fathom Water, and the Machines were about a Cable’s Length on their 1 arboard Bow, in Eight Fathom, or left.

Mr. Richard Reay, who said he was in another Ship at the same time off 7 'inmonthCafile, at about 150 Yards Distanct; from the Machines, tonfirmed the former Evidence iri every Particular; and said, That his Ship lay in Eight or Nine Fathom Water, and the Machines in Seven or Eight: And he added, That the Tide of Flood sets in from the Place where lie supposed the Machines dropped their Ballast — -That the Tide sets South and North, and the River Tyne is East and West — That the Indraught of the Tide is Three Quarters of a Mile East-ward from the Bar, and the Indraught of the Harbour at Three Fathom.

Mr. William Harr if on, Fisherman and Pilot, being examined, informed your Committee, That one Night in June last, about Ten o’C 'lock, lie saw one of the Machines grounded on the Herd Sand: That he was within Forty Yards of her: That it was Moonlight, and he law the Men heaving Ballast overboard — That he told them, if they did not desist, he would acquaint the Water Bailiff — He did not then know who was Master of the Machine; but was afterwards told by one Thomas Lyd ell. That he was Master of her, and that if he let those Words

Vcu_27....

Rip out of his Mouth, he would nail his Ears to the Pil- LyTwi^ lory: Then,

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of his Ma* a<* lnM‘ jetty’s Justices of the Peace, assembled at their General Quarter Sessions held at Durham oil Wednesday the Fifteenth Day of January 1755, in and for the . County Palatine of Durham,

Mr. George Ord, Assessor of Ballast at being

examined, informed your Committee, That the Corporation of Newcastle have time out of mind provided sufficient Quays or Wharfs for the Reception of Ballast out of Ships, and that he does not know that Ships Have ever been obliged to wait to have their Ballast taken out:

That he saw a Ship of 640 Tons Burthen, drawing near 10 Feet Water, unlade 90 or 100 Ions of Ballast upon Bur don’s Quay; and he laid, That Shifts may deliver their Ballast upon the Quays without the Help of Keels —

That Five Ships may lie at a time at s Quay —

Sixat Cookson’s — Six at Si nip fan’s — And more than Twenty

at Jarrow — That there is Eleven Feet Water at Neap

Tide, and Fourteen or Fifteen at Spring Tide, at all those Quays — That Three large Ships, with Sixty or Seventy Tons of Ballast, may lie at the upper Part of Quay, and Twenty or Twenty-three from One to One hundred Tons Burthen may He at the lower Part of the said Quay — That the Quays are built with Stone Walls next the River.

And being asked if the River will in time destroy the Walls: be laid, It had done it, but that they are as good now rs ever he knew them — That he never heard that Ballast is washed off the Quays by the Tide:

That there are other Quays, viz. Felling, South

Shore, Saint Anthony’s, Walter's and —

That Ships may come to all of them except , and

may come there at Neap Tides.

And being asked if it was dry at all the Quays at low Water ? he laid, He did not know, but that there is not Water enough for Ships to get there — That he never knew ships overiet at the Quays — That the B.Tlaft is conveyed from the Quays in Carriages, at the Proprietor’s Expence — That the Corporation are not Owners of all the Quays, but that the others are under the Direction of the Corporation, who fee that the Ballast is carried to a proper Distance — That it is carried Three or Four hundred Yards off from the Face of the Quays, and spread:

That at Jarrow the Top of the Heap is Four or Five hundred Yards, and the Bottom Thirty or Forty Yards, from the Face of the Quay:

That the Proprietors of the Quays are frequently at considerable Expences in taking from before the Faces of the Quays the Ballast that fells there at unloading Ships; but can’t poll tively fey, that allthatfalls is taken up again:

That above Four thousand Tons were taken from before the Face of Willington Quay about Two Years ago:

That Mr. Hall was employed by the Corporation in taking up the In-sand — That he took up great Quantities of Sand from thence with a Machine iomewhat like a Keel, and carried it to Willington Quay; from whence it was conveyed by the Corporation at Two or Three hundred Pounds Expence;

That the Contrafts between the Colliers and Proprietors of Quays seldom vary — That Colliers generally come in in a little Fleet, and are in a Hurry to get rid of their Ballast — That he has known Three hundred come in it a Time.

In regard to the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, act’embled at their General Quarter Sessions, held at Morpeth, in and for the County of Northumberland, on Wednesday the Fifteenth Day January 1755: And also.

The Petition of the Master, Pilots, and Seamen, of the Trinity HonJ'e in the Town and Counry of safile upon Tyne;

As they contain nothing more than the Two former Petitions, the Agents, who appeared before your Committee for the several Petitions against Mr. Lyddtll, informed

IMl.at

Mathir.ts,

240 170 M. A* 175 5.

formed your Committee, that they were desirous of reding their Evidence upon the said former Petitions. Then,

in order to prove the Allegations of the Petition of the Fishermen and Pilots inhabiting at Shields and Culler conies, near the Port of upon Tyne: And

a Kb,

The Petition oft he Governor and Stewards and Brethren of the Fraternity of the Hoadmen of the Town of iScsvcastle upon Tyne, referred to your Committee,

Mr. H iliuun Kelso Fisherman and Pilot, being examined, informed your Committee, That he has known ti;e Fishery at 7'inmouth Haven Forty-six Years; and that it is grown worie within thel'c Seven or Eight Months than it vvas before; which he attributes to the great Quantity of Ballad thrown out of the Machines, and out of Ships.

That they, the Fishermen, have, within Three or Four Months, been obliged to go Three Miles farther, both Northward and Southward of the Haven, to fish; which is more hazardous and more laborious than fishing where they used:

That the Ballad falling down all at once drives away the Fish, and has done much Injury to the Spawn — That from Fourteen to Eighteen Fathom is the Place where Kith usually ipawn — That that Depth is now hurt; and if the Ballad is continued to be cad into Fourteen Fathom Water, the Fishery will be in danger of being dc-droved:

That the Spawn of the Fish is laid amongd the Rocks, which, he laid, he is assured of, because they always observe the large Fish about the Rocks in Spawning Time; and, when they catch them, they find their Pokes full of Spawn — That the Price of Fish has advanced this Year at Nevccafile, owing to their being drove off the Grounds:

That if they are obliged to go farther out to Sea, and fish, their Cobles ought to be larger; though they are at present as la-ge as they can work them:

That Ships cading Ballad into Fourteen Fathom hurts the Fishing Grounds; but it is worse now, because the Quantity is larger:

That he has left a Stone of One hundred Pounds Weight, with a Line and Leather Buoy to it, in Thirty Fathom Water, level ground, which has been moved by the Weather Half a Mile nearer the Shore: That the greated Depth they fish in is Forty-five Fathom; which, in his Judgment, is Seven Leagues from Land; and that he never knew the Fish leave the Shore before.

Mr. George Shipley, a Pilot and Fisherman, who is well acquainted with the Lobder Fishery in the River informed your Committee, That the Fishery has been worse since lad May than he ever knew it before; and that, about a Quarter of a Mile Northward of Cullercoates, in particular, it is in a manner destroyed; which he imputes to Ballad being cad out of Ships, and from thcMachines: That the Place he mentioned near Cullercoates was a very good Fishery before lad May, but that now, at low Water, at is dry for near a Quarter of a Mile:

That it all times cading Ballad from Ships has hurt the Fishery; but that since the Machines have been used the Ballad is cad in Heaps Ten or Twelve Feet thick, which spreads when the Sea comes over it: And lie further added, that, if the Fishery is destroyed, the Fishermen and Pilots of Shields and Cullercoates will be under a Neccfiity of leaving their present Habitations, and of leek-ing their B.end elsewhere; and thereby many Ships will be deprived of having Pilots to conduct them.

The Petition of the Chairman and Commissioners of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of,

being read;

The Agents for the Petitioners in favour of the Machines informed your Committee, That if was admitted, on behalf of the Petitioners, that great Ships mud anchor at Sea, and take in their Loading at a great Didance from the 1 labour; and that, in bad Weather, such Ships are of n drove from their Anchors; and that the Port of Shields is the only Port to the Northward they can make -to wkh Safety.

Then, by way of Reply to the Evidence that had been given in Support of the Petitions against Mr. Lyd-dell, the Agent for his Petition called,

Mr. Hugh Anderson, a Pilot: Who, being examined, informed your Committee, That he has known the Harbour of Newcastle Thirty-five Years; and that, in his

Opinion, the Bar has been no worse all this Winter than it has been for Forty Years before — That lie founded in every Tide a little before Chrijhlad, and found the usual Depth of Water — That he has known the Bar vary Southerly and Northerly, which lie attributes to those Winds walliing the Herd Sand on to it — That on the Top of the Bar there is very little Variation — That it is broader towards the Ead; but he cannot say the Breadth has increased within the lad Year — That he law it broader Three Years ago, and Three Ships aground on it — That the Ballad cad out of the Machines never blows on the Bar — 'That he vvas Mate of one of them till Three Months ago, and said they always dropped their Ballad Eight or Nine Miles off, in Fourteen Fathom Water — That Hartley Bait is in Fifteen Fathom Water, Five Miles from the Bar, and One Mile from the Shore — That the Herd has been a large Sand ever since lie knew it, and shifts — That the Sea is rough near Culleand the Indraught of the Tide does not run above Three Fathom from the Cadle Foot; and therefore Ballad thrown into Fourteen Fathom cannot hurt the Bar.

Mr. Norrison Cover dale. Captain of a Ship, confirmed'

the Evidence given by Mr. Anderson; and added, that' from Ten to Fourteen Fathom Water is so deep a Bank, that lie thinks it impossible that Ballad cad into Four-' teen Fathom can hurt the Bar — That the Herd or Out-sand is not increased by throwing Ballad into the Sea — That Ballad hove into Fourteen Fathom Water will lie at the Bottom; and if it is thrown into Ten Fathom, the North and South Tide will carry it away.

Mr. Richard Codling, Sailor, being examined, said, That in September lad he went with the Water Bailiff, Two of his Men, and a Pilot, to found the Bar — That the Pilot was ol Opinion, that the Bar was as good then as he had known it for several Years before — And he further said, that, of his own Knowlege there has been no Alteration on the Bar since lall Year; and that it is as good as ever tic knew it.

Mr. Peter Far dell, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Anderson; except that lie does not know the Bar is broader towards the Ead than usual; and added, that the Water declines from the Bar to Ten Fathom — That from Ten to Fourieen Fathom it deepens very fad; and therefore Ballad thrown in to Fourteen Fathom Water cannot wash on to the Bar; and that he has not founded the Bar lately.

Mr. Hugh Anderson, being again called, was examined in relation to the Fishery’:

And being asked. If heaving Ballad into Fourteen Fathom Water had ever hurt the Fishery ? he said, He could not say — That large Fish spawn in deep Water, and small ones in shoal Water — That Fish has been as plenty this Year as ever he knew it; and that he has catched as many Fish to the full this Year as he did the lad:

That the Machine is underWay when they drop their Ballad; by which means it spreads — That they have been Six Hours in scattering the Ballad out of the Machine; for if it is Clay or Mud, it dicks — That the bed London Ballad is discharged in about Five or Six Minutes — That scattering Ballad does not frighten the Fish — That they feed upon it; and that he has never known any Accident happen to the Trap-Doors of the Machines. Then,

Mr. Norrison Cover dale, being again called, and examined, said, That Ships usually anchor in about SeveA or Eight Fathom; and that he has never known them anchor in Fourteen Fathom Water, unless becalmed; that depth being foul Ground: And he added, that Ballad, cad into Fourteen Fathom, will be so far from hurting the Road-dead, that if a sufficient Quantity of Bi'last was to be cad into that Depth, to make it Twenty-four Feet higher, it would be of Service.

a8 Geo. II. 17*

Mr. Vardelly being again called, confirmed the above Evidence.

Captain Thomas Smith, Commander of the Rowland and June, being allied. What Depth of Waterhe brought up his Ship in on the Eighteenth of September last? said, in Six and an Half or Seven Fathom Water — That he then saw Two Ballad Machines farther to Sea than him; but could not tell if they were Ioaden or not — That they might be returning light out of the Harbour, for want of Tide to carry them up, as was the same with him — That, if they had dropped their Ballad, he should have heard the Chain let go, and the knocking out the Ports — That he did not found; but that the Machines might be in Sixteen or Seventeen Fathom Water, for all he knew.

And being again asked, he said, He could not say what Depth the Machines were in, or that either himself, or any one on board his Ship, could say they were in Ten Fathom Water; and that his Ship was about a Mile from the Shore, in Six and an Half or Seven Fathom Water, and the Machines were Two or Three Cables Length from him.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the Matter of the several Petitions, referred to your Committee, in favour and in support of the Petition of Mr. Lydde.'L

And to prove the Allegations contained in the said Petitions,

Mr. Norri/on Coverdaky Mader of a Ship, and many Years used to the Newcastle Trade, was again called:

And being asked. How, he used to dispose of his Ballad? laid. That, from 1713 to 1716 he landed it at Jarroro Quay, which when he did knew it, was so good, that betvVLcn Thirty and Forty Sail might lay along-side the Wharf, and callout their Baliad:

That he is well acquainted with Hey Ho!e9 and when he fad knew it, it was so good that Ships m:ght swing afloat at low Water; and that he used to load there to Twelve Feet and an Hall — That he was at Newcastle in 1722 and 1723, and found a great Difference for the woifcjthe same Number of Ships, by a great many,

could not lie at J nrow Quay--- That again, in 1737,

those Places were dill worse; and that Hey Hole \n particular, which before had Twelve Feet and an Half Water at low Water, had then but Five or Six Feet.

And being asked, what reason he could give for the River and Harbour’s being so much (hallower than formerly ? he said, He imputed it to the Soilcomingdown the River, and to Ballad being blown off the Quays; but he could not tell which toaflign it to in particular:

That he has known great Quantit ies of Sand to be blown off the Quays, and has leen Ships Decks covered with it — That he has likewise known it washed off the Quays; but could not say what Quantity:

That he thinks, from 1737 to 1753 R*lver and Harbour grew worfc; and that if there is so great a Re-milfnefsin the Management of the Quays and Keels for Forty Years to come, as there has b/en for these Forty Years pad, the Harbour will be quite choked up:

That, in 1752, as he was going from Newcastle to Shields in the Night, he (aw Two Keels at anchor between the lower Part of Jatrczv Quay and Whitehill Point, cading their Ballad over-board.

And being asked. If he spoke of his own Knowledge with regard to the Observations at Jarrow Quay, since 1737? he laid, He had not been at that Quay since that time.

And being again asked the Question, he said, That he never law Ships Decks covered with any particular Thickness of Sand; but that he has icon Ten Bushels on a Deck.

And he said, That keeping the Harbour clear isasmuch for the Intered of the Town of Newcastle as to Mr. Lyd-deL\ or any one eke; and that he does not know that the Town of Newcastle has ever been vemifsin punching Offenders; and imagines, that if he had acquainted the Water Bailiff of the Bail aft being unladen trom the Keels

Vol. 27.

Mar Hi, 241

he mentioned, into the River, and given in the Skippers Names, they would have been punished.

And being asked, If he ever knew any Obdruiftions removed out of the River? he said, he never knew any, nor Wrecks.

And being again asked, lie said, lie had heard of a Ship that was loft there — That he remembers its being moved, as he suppoles at the Expence of the Town of Newcastle; and that he bought fume of the Tackle.

And being asked, If cading Ballad upon Quays is not -the most expeditious Way for Ships ? he iiud, it was, barring the great Obdruftion of not laying the Midship to where there is a clear Place for laying the Ballad on the Quays, and the Want of Hands:

That they are very often dopped a great while for want of labouring Men to heave it.

And being asked. If there would not be the same Want of Hands if the Machines are employed ? he laid, Hi could not tell.

And being again asked, he said, The tnconveniency of Want of Hands had happened only at Quay, and

that but Three Times in about Twenty or Thirty Years, owing to others having the Precedency; and that his Ship was large, and could not have got to the other Quays: That cading Ballad on the Outside of the Bar will prfi. jucfice the Navigation; but, if cad in the River, it will in time be a very great Obdrubtion.

Mr. Michael Newton, being examined, informed your Committee, That he is Conveyor of Ballad from the face of IVillington Quay — That he has seen many Thoufaod Tons landed, some from Ships, and some from Keels — That when Ballad is landed from Keels, they set up the Huddick Board, and Two Men are employed in heaving the Ballad — That that Method of landing Ballad is not f> safe as from Ships; some of it drops into the River, and there is generally a Loss for want of Care:

That between 20 and 30 Years ago, when Keels lay to the Quay they generally laid their Yard upon the Quay*' and hung their Sail down the whole Breadth, and set up their Huddick Board against it — Wiiilft that was the Practice very little Damage was done by the Keels; but that Method has been left off above 20 Years:

That the Keels bring a Certificate to the Quays front the Water Bailiff, specitying the Quantity of Ballad they took on board; and that he has sometimes found them deficient of Half the Quantity so specified:

That having asked the Keeimcn the reason of it, they have told him, the Wind and Weather obliged them to throw their Ballad out rather than lose the Keel and their Lives; and that he has seen them heaving Ballad overboard in the Night, in moderate Weather -.

That he has known 40 out of 42 Tons of Ballad wash ed from the Quays in one Night by a high Tide:

That Ballad being washed from the Quays had happened often, long ago, as well as lately, at Quay in particular:

That there is not so much Ballad cad there now' as v/as formerly; but that some small Damage may have been done there within these few Months:

That, at the North, and South Road, there used to be good lying; but there is no Road-dead now, occasioned, as he believes, by the Ballad being washed from the Quays:

That he has been put in Danger of his Life for speaking to the Keeimen for cading their Ballad into the River:

That the Corporation has given Rewards for Informations; but he never heard that any one had been punished.

Being asked. If he thought the Corporation lndbcsa negligent? he said, He could not tell.

And being asked, How long they let the B dl.rdl.iv on the Face of the Quays before it is carried aw v ? he laid. That Carts arc condantly employed to carry i: zcq Yards from the Face of the Quay, before they unload: That he remembers a Quay raised 3 or times — That the lad time was above Ten or a Dozen Years avo:

3 Q ‘

Lvf»(Wl4«

B;j lidU

2^2

1 / 3 5'

Lyddell’s That he remembers Ballast being taken up from before

Baiuft a Quay, and led back from the Face of it; which he Machines. ,; ~ , 1-

hca;d was at the Corporation s hxpence:

And that he remembers Mr. Machines working,

Two Years in taking Sand from Sand Bank in

the Middle of the River, and landing it on the Quays, in order to be led off.

Mr. Humphrey Coward, Mailer of a Ship at

coates, being examined, informed your Committee, That he has belonged to the Coal Trade Thirty-five Years — That the River Tyne was deeper when he fii ft knew it than it is now — That there were several Road-steads where. Ships, drawing Twelve Feet Water, could swing in low . Water; but now there is no Road at all to do Business in — That they load their Ships now at Shields in the Chanel — That they can’t load at the Quays at low Water; which he apprehends isowing to the bad Usage of the River by the Keels; for, if the greatest Care imaginable is taken, there will be feme Waste — That he has seen it blow off the Quays in great Quantities, and has had 3,4, or 5 Bushels blown in 24 Hours from Quay,

which is a Quarter of a Mile long, upon Ships between 70 and 80 Feet long.

And being again asked, How long Quay is

he said, He had never measured it; but it might be a Mile and a Half; and that he observed the Ballast to blow from all Parts of the Quay at the same time; and that a high Tide will come on some Parts of that Quay — ' That loading Ballast on the Quays from the Keels has already hurt the River and Harbour very much; and if that Practice is continued, the Harbour will be quite dc-. stroyed.

And being asked, what Condition the Baris in now ? he said, He founded it Eleven Days ago, and found near 19 Feet Water within an Hour or less of high Water and Half-Spring Tide; and he said, that he founded only in the belt of the Channel — That it was as good then as it has been these Two or Three Years:

That he has known Ballast being thrown out of Ships into Fourteen and Seven Fathom Water; but that it is not the Custom now:

That heaving Ballast into 14 Fathom Water can never hurt the Bar:

That he knows nothing to the contrary, but Fish have been as plenty this Year as formerly; and that he never heard any Complaint that calling Ballast into Fourteen Fathom will hurt the Fish:

That conveying Ballast from Ships by the Machines is more expeditious, and less expensive, than using Keels — That Ballast dropped into 14 Fathom will mend the Road-stead:

That the North East Wind has no Effect upon Ballast call into 14 Fathom Water; there being so great a De-feent from the Harbour to that Depth, that it is impartible Ballast can be washed in.

And being asked the Question, he said. The last time lie saw the Bar the Flat was not so broad as it had been by several Fathom:

That only the People on board the Machines can tell when they drop their Ballast — That a number of the Machines would discharge all the Ballast from the Ships in the River Tyne-,but they cannot get out when the Wind blows hard from the Sea — That it flows 15 or 16 Feet on the Bar at a Spring Tide; and that it must be a very good Spring to make 22 Feet.

And being again asked the Question, he said, That Keels are as expeditious for removing Ballast as the Machines.

Mr. William Clarke, being examined, confirmed Mr. Cowards Evidence with regard to the Goodness of the Bar, and the River’s being grown worse than it was formerly, occasioned by the Ballast being washed off the Quays, and likewise with regard to the Impossibility of Ballast being washed from 14 Fathom Water on to the Bar; and he said, his Reason for thinking it impossible that B.-.haft, dropped into Fourteen Fathom at Sea, can

hurt (he Bar, is, that the Tide out of the ! larbour goes nofuither than 5 or 6 Fathom — That 14 Fathom Water is about $ of a Mile from the Bar, and is in the North and South Tide, (lie Coast Tide — That the liar, at low Water and Neap Tide, has about 6 or 7 Feet Water on it ;and that he thinks it morally impossible that the Bsl-last (liould raile io steep a Hill so as to affect the Bar: And he furtheradded, that a small Number of Machines would dispatch the Shipping, allowing for bad Weather.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Richard Lyddell hath not made good the Allegations of his Petition, so as to entitle him to the Encouragement deli red by his laid Petition.

Rejoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That employing the Machines, mentioned in the Petition of Richard Lyddell, in taking Ballast from Ships in the River Tyne, and carrying the same to Sen, may be of dangerous Consequence to die Harbour of,

and the Navigation of the River

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That discharging Ballast from Ships or other Vessels rifling and being within any Haven, Port, or navigable River, otherwise than by conveying and laying the same upon Land above high Water Mark, is liable to great Frauds, and may be prejudicial to such Havens, Port:, dr navigable Rivers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That further Provision ought to be made to prevent any Damage which may happen to Havens, Channels, and navigable Rivers, by the unlading or calling of Ballast from Ships or other Vefll-ls.

' The Three last Resolutions of the Committee, being fevera ly read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Charles Core reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Houses and Tenements at dover, in the County of Bucks, late the Estate of Hampden Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase-money in such manner as the Reti-due of his personal Estate is by his Will directed to be applied; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposedto be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 7. After" Sessions," to insert " or any Adjournment thereof;"

Pr. 6. L. 5. After " aforesaid," to insert " and all other the real and personal Estate of such Prisoner:

Pr. 10. L. 34. After " proved," to insert either:" L. 35. After " Oath," to inlert" or by producing the said Three Gazettes."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved,

Himpden'i

Eii&te*.

Expirin' Laws; Thelli ic.

Insolvtnt

Debtor*.

Whale

Fishery.

Supply.

Whale

fiihcr.

GarT;t

2 8 Geo. II. x 70 — 18°.

243

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry-the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Merchants and Owners of Shipping was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, fora Continuation of the Bounty of z I. per'Yon for all Shipping enipl >yed in the Whale Fishery above the Burthen of 200Tons; and alleging, That final! Shipping under that Tonnage are less expensive to the Nation, much fitter for the said Trade, a greater Nursery for Sailors, and under less Temptation to commit Frauds than large Shipping; and letting forth. That Two finall Ships wtre lent out LII: Year, without the Bounty, to try the Experiment; by which means the LJfefulness of Imall Shipping in the Lid Trade was found out: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such Encouragement as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and flare to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Biker, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ofwa/d, Mr. Grenville, Colonel Cornu: a Bis, Mr.

Nor I hex, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Tnjl, Mr. Ha. dinge. Sir John C’Ji, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Hayward, Mr. Kyuaston, Sir Francis Poole, S.r Geo.

Lxtt/eton, Mr. Anson, Mr. Culvert, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hax, Mr. Stratton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. A ley, Mr. Lee, Mr.

Cre/well, Lord Strange, Mr. Mr. Lascelles,

Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Charles Mur daunt, Mr. Salrtf-

bury. Lord Hihjborough, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Bacon, Sir Henry Erjktne, Mr. Mr. Robinjou,

Mr. QAebrooky Mr. Richards, Mr.; and all

'the Merchants of the House; and nil the Members who serve for the Coast Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Chick, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to corifider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refo/ved, That this House wid, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amend, ng, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his M.lieily’s Subjects;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Prefer vat ion of the Game, in relation to the buying, felling, or offering to sale, any Game, was committed;

Ordered, That the Lord do make the said

' o

Report.

'The Lord Strange, accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which lie was directed to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Qucllion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. -

Yol. 27. J

Ordered, That the Bill, with the-Amendments, ingrossed. ' ,

The other Order, of the Day being read; ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-»;

ing-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of hijpresent Maje*. fly, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act.;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Mart is 18° die Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1755. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An , Act for vesting certain Houses and Tenements at Wen-dover, in the County of Bucks, late the Estate of John Hampden Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase-money in such manner as the Residue of his personal Estate is by his W ill directed to be applied* was read the Third time.

Refo ved, 'That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, "That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Mo/esworth reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Francis Kirkham Esquire, and Damaris his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same prior to their Marriage Settlement, and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the L ie of the same Settlement, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing an Exchange of divers Lands and Tythes in Myton, in the County of York, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, pursuant to an Agreement between the Lord Archbilliop of Fork, as Appropriator, the Bishop of Norwich, Lessee of the Rectory, and Henry Herd, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church, and Sir Bryan Stapylten, Lord of the Manor of Myton aforesaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Philipps, Lord Dig by, Mr. Hardman, Mr.-Salu/bury, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

ley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Coventry, Lord Mr. Pro-

byn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gajhry, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Mr. Within fun,

Mr. Hanger, Mr. Egerton, Sir John Cud, Mr. Lifter,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Barrow, Mr

Colonel Whitmore, Mr. More, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Thsrnhagh, Sir Francis Poole, Lord

Doivne, Captain Franklandf Mr. Mr. Bacon,

Mr . S/oper, Mr. Waijon, Mr. Great heed, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Charles Townshend-, agd

all

Preservation

of

Highways,

G&cc,

Hampden’s

Estates*

Kirkliam1*

Elates.

Exchange of Lands In Myton.

44- 18* Martii J- 1755.

all Ac Members who fefve for the Counties of York, ham, Cumberland, Northumberland, caster, Gloncefttr, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Saatadi Mr. Amyattd reported from the Committee, to whom

WP1 the Bill for building a Bridge over the Water or Haven between the Town of Sandwich and , in the County of Kent, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Pltfce; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in*

grossed.

Brtm(ton's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

EAue. vetting the settled Estate of Edmund Bramston Esquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in Trusteea, for railing several Sums of Money for discharging Portions charged upon the feme; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: was read a Second time.

Rejbhed, That the Bill be committed to Lord ton, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ellis, Mr. West, Mr. Tkornbagh, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. , Mr. Amy and, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Gafkry, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Mr. Pronvfe, Lord Strange, Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Pnbyn, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Fellowes , Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lyster, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Great-heed, Mr. More, Mr. Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Hanger, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Foley, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Lee, Lord Shelburne, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. Symmonds, Sir John Elwell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Southampton, Dorset, Oxford,

and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

N«.W An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Ubric was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. West, Lord Barrington, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Mr. Gore, Mr. Afore, Mr. Hay, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Sir John Glynn,

Mr. Northey, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lock, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Mr. Bridge-

man, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Anson, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lee, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Trift, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Sir Charles Mor-

dannt, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Mr. Bagot, Mr.

Lcfiie, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir loughby Aston, Mr. Charles Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Medlycct, Mr. Phil/ipfon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Herbert,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Walpole, Sir Wm. Meredith: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

KAmao’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act hat for naturalizing Jacob Kirkman, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. West, Lord Barrington, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Mr. , Colonel Haldane, Mr. Lrfter, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Sir John Glynn,

Mr. Northry, Mr. Fellozces, Mr. Lock, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Watson, Mr. Bridg-

man, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Berkeley, Mr* Anson, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lee, Mr.

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Trift, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Forrester, Sir Charles Mor-

deunt, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. CurzMr. Bagot, Mr. lie, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Alderman Bedftord, S:r Wil-

loughby Aston, Mr. Charles TMr. Lewis, Mr.

Medlycot, Mr. Phi/lipfton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Walpole, Sir Meredith: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Mountagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for lolling Part of the entailed Estate of Sir Henry Ibbetfton Baronet, and veiling other Part thereof in him in Fee-simple, and foi> laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, together with some other Lands whereofhe is foiled in Fee, in lieu of the Lands so to be sold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to empower the Executors of Augnftus late F.arl of Berkeley to make Leases of his Estates in Gloucesterfthduring the Minority of his Children.

And then the McfTengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return of the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker, and Sir Edward Turner Baronet, examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Twenty-nine other Persons, who voted for the Lord Wenman, and Sir James Dashwood-, One as not being in Possession of the Freehold for which lie voted; Five as not having any Freeholds in the Place where, at the Time of the said Election, they l wore their Freeholds did lie; One as not having been, for the (pace of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freehold for which he voted; One as being a Leaseholder; One as not being alfefied to the Land Tax for a Freehold of the Value ot 40 s. per Annum; Nine as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 s. per Annum-, Nine as being Copy-holders; One as not being assessed to the Land Tax; and the other as not being ali'cUed to the Land Tax, nor in Possession of the Freehold for which he voted.

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to disqualify Seven other Persons who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood; One as not having been, for the space of Twelve Calendar Months belore the said Election, in Poli'diion of the Freehold for which he voted; One as not being in Possession of the Freehold for which he voted, and as being outlawed; Two as being Copyholders; One as not being in Possession of the Freehold for which lie voted; One as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 s. per Annum; and the other as being a Leaseholder.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Three other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman, and Sir James Daftnvood, as not having been, for tjiefpacc of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freeholds for which they voted.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And

Jbb?tfon,|

Estates.

Berkeley1*

Estates.

Oxford

County

Elo&ion.

28 Geo. II.

Kirkham's

EiUici.

African

Company.

18° — 19°

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1 g° Martii;

Anno aS* Georgii II' Regis, 1755. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Inflates of Francis Kirkham Esquire, and Daman's his Wife, in Trullees, tohe fold for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the feme prior to their Marriage Settlement; and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the U fes of the same Settlement; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Mo/edo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hatll agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

PalEtMut’*

Kit.

*45

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill by leaving out thele Words: " And that no Attorney or " Solicitor shall be capable of acting as a Trutlee, during, " the time he shall pra&ile as an Attorney or Solicitor," in Pr. 11. L. 2, 3, and 4.

And the Question being put, That these Words (land Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

7

Hunter: }

Teller, for ehe Noes. [} 3S.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. "

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, and amending, the lload from Cocking End, near in the West

Riding of the County of York, through Black

Lane End, in the County Palatine of

Ordered, That Sir Conyers D'Arcy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tellers for the Yeas, t Mr‘ I Mr.

The House being informed. That Mr. Poirier, Secre- Ordered, That Mr. John Rujfel do, this Day, attend tary to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trad- the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is refer* ing to Africa, attended at the Door; red, to con fider further of the Petition of the Committee

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of House, pursuant to their Order, the several Papers which have been presented to the House

Lift of Committee-men of the Company of Merchants in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to

grading to Africa, from 1750 to 1734; distiriguishing each Year, and t he Places for which they were appointed.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift be referred to the Committee of ti.e whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa.

The said Lift is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Africa.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Lane;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, without any Amendment: And ailo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for widening andrepiiring the Road leading from in the County of Sussex, through' Capel, Mickle-

ham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch House in Ebbsham,

in the County of Surrey; and from Capel to Slone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Kirlunan’s

Nat,

African

Company.

Papist’l Wills, &e.

Horsham,

&c»

Road.

Mr. Baton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Ulric PaJJhvant, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee through Overton, Hurjborn Pryors,

had dir.died him to report the Bill to the House; without Andover, and Middle Wallop, in the County of

any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the to a Place called Corner, in the Parish of

Clerk’s Table. Winterfow, in the County of , without any Amend-

ment: And also,

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for natu- for the Sale of the several Esquire,

ralizing Jacob Kirkman, was committed, That the Com- in the County of Yorkr, and for laying out the Money raittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates in found the same to be true; and that the Committee had drrested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Basingstoke,

Road.

Stansfield*»

Eftuics.

BrnHi

Hcrrtnjr

Kfcery.

Mr. Alderman Bethel/ presented to the House, accord

the said County of York, to be settled to the like Uses* without any Amendment: And also*

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An A for confirming and establishing an Exchange of divers Lands in Little Leake, in the County of Nottingham, pursuant to an Agreement between Francis Lord Middleton, and Ro-

Little Le.ike Exchange o( Lauds*

ing to Order, a Bill for further explaining, amending, and hert Bird, Esquire; and for other Purposes therein men-

Gicking

End,

ice.

Ro*J.

rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Rritifti White Herring Fishery, and for giving further Encouragement for the carrying on the said Fishery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ResolvedyThzt the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill for repairing, widening, and amending the Road from Cocking End, near Adding ham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kild-wick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lan~ caster, was read the Third time.

Vol. 27.

tioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the Partition of the Estates late of Sir George Chudleigh, and Dame.Fra//rw his Wife, Yryphena Davie, and John Pollexfen Esquire, and for settling the several specific Shares thereof* resulting from the said Partition, to and for the several U fes and Purpose for which the several undivided Parts thereof were verted and settled before the said Partition; and for authorizing Leates to be made of divers Parts of the Premises; was read the Third time.

3 R Ref shed,

Sir G

ChuHleiah

liiLte*.

24 6

19 Martii.

A 1755

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Walter’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate*. to impower Edward Walter F.lquire, and divers others Per-

fonsclaiming under the Wills of his Grandfather and Brother, respectively, to make Leases of the several Lands and Hereditaments purchased, and to be purchased, since the Will of Peter Walter the Grandfather, and in pursuance of the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Mr.

Lord Hillsborough, L ord Barrington, Mr. Stewart, Mr.

Lade, Mr. Fane, Mr. 'Thomas Fane, Mr. Bond, Mr mius, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Henley, Mr. Hayward, Colonel Haldane, Mr- Lewis, Mr. Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Northey, Mn Bacon, Mr. Ly-fier, Mr. Richards, Mr. Martin, Mr. Salujbury, Sir Wm, Beauchamp ProElor, Sir Conytrs Sir

ington, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hayes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Tonge,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sir John Turner, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Gore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Townshend, Colonel Griffin, Sir Wm. Meredith, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Willes, Mr. Gajhry, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Cttrzon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Dawnay, Sir Robert;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of set, Somerset, Wilts, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Pretlr»arion to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ... consider further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in \c ' ’ the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordi ngly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

S-Irt

St

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wjv, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ami Mum, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Distemper Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, amongst a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper Homed nQW raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Cattle.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mtrft

Ificlofarc.

Burford

Lane

Road.

Leeds Street!* arc.

Southwark

Market.

A Messagcfrom the Lords, by Mr. Mountagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the common Fields, common Meadows, and other Grounds, in the Townships of Marfk and Redcarr, within the Manor of Marfkin Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for providing a certain Recompence to the Vicar of Marfk, in lieu of his Tythes, and the greatest Part of his Glebe, without any Amendment: And alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and PofUt the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick-, and also the Road from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, to the Hand and Post, in the Parish of Dowdeswe/l,in the County of cester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act forenlightening thr Streets and Lanes, and regulating the Pavements, in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lord* have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the holding of any Market for the future in the high Street of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ufeH* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to avoid and prevent Inconveniencies, Damages, and Mischiefs, ,1P^ds'ir^ occasioned by the Multiplicity of useless and unneceifiuy, ' Dogs.

Mr. Speaker left the Cliair.

Sir John Glynn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Glynn reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was dir.efted by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole African

House, to consider further of the Petition of the Com- Company, mittee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Phillips reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and made asur-ther Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition, and of the said several Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were severally ordered to attend the said Committeethis Day, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Smith do attend the said Committee at the same time.

iTorgtn’t

Divorce.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Richard Morgan, Esquire, with Anne Hall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Puposes therein mentioned; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

r

>5*

ora.

hole

)use,) to in

? of

tie

at

of

to

to

p*

I-

y

I p.

I I.

r*'

' r,

if,

r

1

a8 Geo. II.

247

I y<w*Sf 20° afe Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii IP Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

Fiflavant’i A >Hgrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. IX. for naturalizing John Passavant was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats.

Ordered, That Mr. B do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Jtirl'iWs An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing Jacob Kirkman, was read the Third time.

Refo.ved., That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this Houte hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Bdlenden, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal Aflint The King commands this Honourable House to attend to Biii*. his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to

attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House hadattended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Aflint to the several public and private Hi,1s following; v

An Act concerning the Offices of Sheriff Depute and Stewart Depute in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief ol Protestant Purchasers:

An Act for taking away Mortuaries in the Archdeaconry of Chester, and giving a Rec.ompence therefore to the Bishop of Chester, as Archdeacon of Chester, who holds and enjoys the said Archdeaconry in Right of his See:

An Act for making navigable the River or Brook called Sankey Brook, and the Three several Branches thereof from the River Mersey, below Sankey Bridges, up to

man sStone Bridge, on the South Branch, to Gerrard's Bridge on the middle Branch thereof, and to Penny Bridge on the North Branch thereof, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and also for adjulling the Measure of Coal to be brought down the said River or Brook, and fold within the Town of Liverpool, in the said County:

An Act for establishing and maintaining a Ferry across the River Thames, between the Hamlet of in

the County of Middlesex, and the Pari ft) of Rotherhithe, in ijie County of Surrey:

An Act to prevent the holding of any Market for the future in the high Street of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well governing, a Nightly Watch, within the City of

An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of St. Bartholomew the Great, London, and regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish:

An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor of the Town of Kingston upon ITdl-, and for better paving, pre-krving, and cleansing, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Alleys, in the said Town, and preventing Obstruc-nor.s therein; and for preserving the Lamps which Avail he let up to enlighten the Streets of the said down, and iteming the Property of such Lamps to the Owners:

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the

Yot.. 2 7.

Poor of the Borough of Dunh otherwise LaunceJIon, and Parish of St. Mary Min the County of

Cornwall:

An Act for cresting and building a new Chapel in the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for enlightening the Streets and Lanes, and regulating the Pavements, in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York:

An Act for continuing and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One Sixth of a reny Sterling, on every Pint of Ale and Beer that shall be vended or sold within the City of Glasgow j and for extending the same over the Villages of and Port Glasgow,

and Privileges thereof, for the Benefit of the said City and Villages:

An Act to continue and render more effectual Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Sixth and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from Stevenage, in the County of to Bigleswade, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Roads from the North End of the said Roads to the Toll Gate at the North End of the said Town of Bigleswade:

An Act for repairing the Road from a certain Place in Bury, in the County of Huntingdon, through Warboys, Old Hurst, Saint Ives, Hilton, Eltijley, Warefly, Gamltngay, and

Potton, to a House called the Spread Eagle in,

within the several Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, and Bedford:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Sutton, in the County of Surrey, through the Borough of Reigate, by Sidlow Mill, to Povey and from Sut

ton aforesaid, through Cheam and over Hill, to

Ewell, and also the Road from ladworth, by the Windmill, to the Bottom of Pebble Hill, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads therein mentioned leading to, through, and from the Town of Monmouth:

An Act for repairing the Road from the North End of Brown’s Lane in Great Stoughton, in the County of Huntingdon, through Kimbolton and Higham Fetrers, to , the Way-post near Wellingborough Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and from the Pound of Kimbolton to the Way-post in Great Catworth Field, near Brington Bridge, in the said County of Huntingdon

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads therein mentioned, lying within the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, or leading from the said Borough to the several Places therein mentioned in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Market Harbortugh, in the County of through the Town of Lutterworth, in the said County, to the City of Coventry:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road front. Chudleigh Bridge,\n the Parish of Hennock, in the County of Devon, through the Town and Borough of Afttburion, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Cro/s of Hand, near Finford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, through the Town of Southam, in the same County, to the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford; and from the Guide Post in the Village of Adder bury, in the same County, through Kidlington, to the Mile Way leading towards the City of Oxford-, and also the Road leading from a Place called the Two Mile Tree near the City of Oxford, over Gosford otherwise Goffard Bridge, to a certain Gate entering upon Weston on the Green, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorche/ler Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a

Place

24$ .20° MartiL '^.1755.

Royal A (Tent Place cal ltd Mile State, tti the "Road leading to to Bill*, dalen Bridge, in the said County; and for widening the said Hoads; and also for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge, next to Culham, in the County of , to the End of Burford Bridge, next to Abingdon, in the County of Berks; and frcyir the Mayor's Stone at the End of the Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon aforesaid, to Ship gen, in the said Coontyof Berks, and from thence to the W eft End of the Town of Fyfield, in the same County:

An Act to continue ami render more effectual several Acts. for repairing the Road from Stump to Newmarket Heath and the Town of Cambridge; for repairing the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge; and for repairing 6ther ruinous, Parts of tire Highways adjacent to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, of the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the high Roads in the County of Edinburgh to and from the City of Edinburgh; and from Cramnmd Bridge to the Town of Queen's Ferry, in the County of Linlithgow; and for making the said Act more effectual:

An Act for amending and widening the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford, through Haworth, in tire County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell near Colne, in the County of Lancaster; and from a Place called the Two Laws to Kigkley, in the said County of York:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Thir/k, over Skipton Bridge, through to

derjby Gate, adjoining to Hutton , in the Way to Ripon, and through Ainderby, Quernhow, and Nofier-field, by Well Flashes Gate, to in the County of York 5 and likewise for removing the Toll-house and Turnpike Gates at Busby Stobb, in the said County, to some other convenient PJace in the Road leading from Boroughbridge to the City of Durham:

An Act for widening apd repairing the Road leading from Horsham, in the County of Sussex, through Dorking, Mickleham, and Leatherhead, to the Watch House in Ebbifiiam, in the County of Surrey, and from Cape! to Stone Street, in the Parish of Ockley, in the said County of Surrey:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, through Wor , Overton, , fborn Pryors, Andover, and Middle IVallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobeomb Corner, in the Rarish of Winterfiow, in the county of :

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Hand and Post at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick; and also the Road from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, to the Hand mid Post in the Parish of Dowdeswell, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for vesting Montagu House in Trustees, and their Heirs, freed and discharged from all the Estates, Uses, and Agreements, to which at present it stands limited and appointed, upon Trust to convey the same to the Trustees of the British Museum, for a general Re-pository, and upon such other Trails as therein are mentioned:

An Act to impower the Executors of Augustus late Earl of Berkeley to make Leases of his Estates in Glou-eefinshireduring the Minority of his Children:

An Act for vesting a Copyhold Messuage or Tenement in the County of Middlesex, with the Appurtenances, devised by the Will of Mar late Duchessof Northumberland, in Trustees, to enable them to sell and convey the same to the Lady fane Coke, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled . to the Lies appointed by the said Will:

An Act for confirming andellablishing an Agreement between the Principal of St, Mary Magdalen Hall, in the L’niverlity of Oxford, and St. John, Clerk, lor exchanging the Advowson of the Church of Scuthmoreton in the County of Berks, for the alternate Presentation of the Church of Fbuhamflead, in the said County:

An Act for exchanging of Lands between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of Governors of Chrifi's Hospital, and John Leman Efcjiiire:

An Act for explaining and making more eiiedual a Power.contained in the Will of Sir William Baro-

net, for making Leases of his several Estates in the Counties of Devon and Cornu-all:

An Act for the Sale ot Part of the Estate late of Sir Thomas Stradling Baronet, deceased, in the Counties of

Glamorgan and Somerset, for discharging Incumbrances afteding the fame, and for a Division and Settlement of other Part thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for felling Part of the entailed Estate of Sir Henry Ibbetson Baronet, and veiling other Part thereof in him in Fee-simple; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase ot other Lands, to be settled, together with some other Lands whereof he is seised in Fee, in lieu of the Lands to be sold; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for con firming and establishing the Partition of the Estates late of Sir George and Dame

Frances his Wife, Tryphena Davie, and John Pollexfen Esquire.and forlettling the several l'pecific Shares thereof, resulting from the said Partition, to and for the several Uses and Purposes for which the several undivided Parts thereof were veiled and settled before the said Partition; and for authorizing Lealls to be made of divers Parts of the Premises:

An Act for establishing and confirming a Partition of the Estates late of Stephen Nort Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, SusannahYarJe Widow, Dame Frances

Chudleigh, and Tryphena Davie Spinster, and for settling

the several specific Shares and Allotments thereof upon, and for the Benefit of, the several Parties intitled to the several undivided Shares of the said Estates before the said Partition; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: An Act for veftingdivers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Cambridge, settled on the Marriage of Peter Leheup, t he y 0 u nger, Esquire, i n Tru flees, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles; and for lav-ing out the Purchase-money in another Estate, to be lettled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement:

An Act for vesting certain Houses and Tenements at Wendover, in the County of Bucks, late the Estate of John Hampden Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase-money in such manner as the Kc-fidtie of his personal Estate is by his Wiil directed to be applied:

An Act for the Sale of several Estates of Esquire, in the County of Yand for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchaseof ocher Estates in the said County of York, to be settled to the like Uses:

An Act for Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wore efty, late the Estate of Thomas Mason, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement and for applying the Money arising thereby for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for rectifying and supplj i.ng several Defects and Omissions in certain common Recoveries fullered by Edward Spelman Esquire:

An Act for rectifying and supplying a Mistake and Omission in a Settlement made of the Estate of Blew-

itt Widow, on the Marriage of her elded

Son, and for settling the said Estate on his llfue Male; and forraifing Portions for his younger Brothers:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Francis Kirkhamand Damcrishis Wife, in Trustees, to be sold

for Payment of Incumbrances affecting the same prior to their Marriage Settlement; and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the*Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of the same Settlement:

An

q8 Geo. II. 20° Martii.

2 49

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Field and Breeks in the Manor and Parish of ,in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and Sheep-walk over the said Field and Breeks, and over certain Half-year Closes and Pieces of Common in the said Manor and Parish; and for granting another Right of Common to the Owners of certain Dwelling-houses in the Manor and Parish aforesaid:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields and certain Lands lying dispersed in the Half-year Closes belonging to the Manor of S wan Worthing, within the Parishes of Swanton, Mand Worthing, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing the several Rights of Common and Sheep-walk over the said Fields and Half-year Closes, and over certain Lands called the Breeks, lying within the said Manor and Parishes:'

An Act to confirm and efiablish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, Failures, Moors, and Greens, in the Lordshipof St Wing fleet, in the County of York, and for settling certain yearly Payments to the Impropriators of the Rectory, and to the Vicar of Stillingfleetaforesaid, in lieu of the great and small

Tythes belonging to the said Rectory and Vicarage:

An Act fordividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parishol Kenilworth, in the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Ground, in the Manor and Parish of Church-over, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several open Fields and Pallures, or Commons, in the Township of Slingsby, in the County of York:

An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, and a Cow Pallure, in Knighton, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields and Pallures, or Commons, in the Township of holme, in the County of York:

An Act fordividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and walle Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Norton by Daventry, in tire County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes and Commons in the Manor of Cain the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for the inclosing, dividing, andexchanging, the common Fields, common Meadows, and other Grounds, in the Townships of Marjk and ,within the Ma-

nor of Marjk in Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for providing a certain Recompence to the Vicar of Marjk, in lieu of his Tythes, and the greatest Part of his Glebe:

An Act to enable John Freflon Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Scrivener:

An Act to enable Samuel Blackwell, heretofore called Samuel Killican, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Blackwell only, pursuant to the Will of Jona-

than Blackwell deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were borne by the said Jonathan Blackwell:

An Act' to enable Alexander Ready Esquire, and his Issue by Sophia his Wife (late Sophia Edwards'), to take and ule the Surname of Colflott, pursuant to the Will of Edward Col [Ion Esquire, deceased, and to bear the like Arms which were borne by the said Edward Colfton:

An Act to enable Theodore Henry Brinkman Esquire to take and ule the Surname of Broadhead, pursuant to the Will of Henry Broadhead Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable WenmanCoke, heretofore called Wen-

man Roberts Esquire, and his Iifue Male, to take the Surname of Coke only, pursuant to the Direction of the Will of Sir Edward Coke Baronet, deceased, and that the said Wenman Coke, and his Issue Male, may bear the Arms of the said Sir Edward Coke:

An Act to enable William Lowndes Stone Esquire, lately called William Lowndes the younger, Esquire, and Vol. 27.

rine his Wife, and others therein named, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Stone, pursuant to the Will of Francis Lowe Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable Christopher Esquire, now

called Christopher Reed, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Reed:

An Act to enable the honourable Harbottle Grimflon Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Luckyn, pursuant to the Wills of Sir Har-

bottle Luckyn Baronet, and Edward Luckyn Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Otto Ewald Seiler, Albert

Mahlflede, and John Conrad Heinzelman

An Act for naturalizing Frederick NuJJ'en.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Little Leake for confirming and establishing an Exchange of divers Lxchange Lands in Little Leake, in the County of Nottingham, ol uds* pursuant to an Agreement between Francis Lord Middleton and Robert Bird tE(quire; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; w’as read the First time,

jR efolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Game Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the buying, felling, or offering to Sale, any Game, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, Ar. Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the felling or offering to Sale any Game.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for amending, altering, continuing, ColefhiU and making more effectual, Two Acls of Parliament, made through in the ad and 17th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, Lirchneld for repairing the Roads from Colefhilin the County of R°ach

Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers in the said several Acts; was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, requiring the Trustees to take an Oath of Qualification:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which, being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by way of Rider.

The Amendments following were also severally pro-pored to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. To leave out " John," and insert " Matthew:"

To leave out " Amerfley," and insert " Annerfley:"

To leave out " Holmer," and insert "

" tier:"

Pr. 16. L. 3. To leave out "Twenty," and insert " Forty."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Seventeenth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester; and several other Roads in the said.

Acts mentioned: and for enlarging the Term and Powers in the said several Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Yemen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

3 S An

Ro\ al Aflenc to Bills*

25° 20° — 21a Mar hi' A. 1755.

ot^a e' An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road y,a,i, from Rockdale to Bur a'ey, in the county of :

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Ordered, That Sir Conyers do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

payable thereon; and also the Names of the Ports from and to which the same were exported: And also.

An Account of the Corn, distinguishing the Species thereof, exported from England, from Christmas 1 755 to Christmas 1754, together with an Account of the Bounty payable thereon, and also the Names of the Ports hotn and to which the same were exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the lilies of the said Accounts were read.

Berwick The Order of the Day being read, for hearing at the Elusion, gar of this House the Matter of the Petition of John Wilkes Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon the Eighth Day

' of May next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Oxford The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Eloft'tV Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward ' Turner produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Ten other Persons, who voted for the Lord Wenman and Sir fames Du//, wood; Seven as not having any Freeholds in the said County; One as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of Forty Shillings per Annum; One as being a Leafeholcler; and the other as not being in Pofilffion of the Freehold lor which he voted.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to cl if’

qualify Twenty-seven other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir fames Dashwood; Seven as being Leaseholders; Eight as not being afiefled to the Land Tax; One as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freehold for which he voted; Seven as not having any Freeholds at all in the said County; One as not having a Freehold in the Place where, at the time of the said Lied ion, he (wore his Freehold did lie; and the other Three as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40 per

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 210 die Martii;

Anno 2S0 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755. Praters.

Accounts rI MI E House being informed, That Mr. Ox a ford, oiCorn I_ from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended

tx^rud. attheDoor.

He was called In; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Corn, distinguishing the Species thereof, exported from England, from Christmas 1750 to Christmas 1751, together with an Account of the Bounty payable thereon, and alto the Names of the Ports from and to which the same were exported: And also,

An Account of the Corn, distinguishing the Species thereof, exported from England, from Christmas 1751 to drift mat 1752, tog, ther with an Account of the Bounty payable thereon, and also the Names of the Ports from and to which the same were exported: And also.

An Account oi the Corn, distinguishing the Species 'thereof, exported tro:n England, from Chnjlmas 1752 tQ Lhnftmas 175J, together with an Account of the Bounty . 2

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upo nthe Table, to be perilled by the Members of the Haute.

The laid Accounts are preferred amongil the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Sir John Dutton Colt Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging several Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money anting by such Sale in the Pu rebate of other Lands, to be settled to the same Lies; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for further explaining, amending, and rendering Britirti more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year finS of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act intr*’ for the Encouragement of the !British White Herring Fishery; and for giving further Encouragement for the carrying on the said Fishery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Rtfdved, That, the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon We duff day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Dufp/in reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the reverend William Markham, Doctor of Laws, Thomas Salter Esquire, and others, to build Houses, and open a Square, in anti upon a certain Piece of Ground called Dean's lard, Westminster, and several Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Vestrymen, and other Inhabitants, of the united Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Evan gel id, in the City of Westminster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel upon the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the said Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Buildings in Dean's Yaivi, West in; niter.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge over the Water Sand«ick or Haven between the Town of Sandwich, and Road.

in the County of Ken’,was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1.

MWflioll

fclettioO*

Supply*

African

Company.

Rimfgate

Raroour.

Whale

filLery.

28 Geo. II. ai° — 120 251

Pr. r. L. 6, 7. To leave out " in the Isle of TfhamtA

And the said Amendment was, upon the Guestion put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

R:jo!vcJy That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge over the Water or Haven between the Town of Sandwich and the opposite Shore, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Amy and do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Midjholl otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall) be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the fuel Order being read accordingly.

Referred, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, Tint the Order of the Day, for the House

to rcf'lve itself into a Committee of the whnle House, to confi ier further of the Petition of the Committee of the

whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend an Prefrnration Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Pro servation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker vefumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, Tlut they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning tiext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Committee

of

Privileges.

Sabbatiy 2 20 die;

Company of Merchants trading to Africa, arid of the several ahm IV >< r$, winch haw been presented to the I h'uic in taU Smlan oi Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa, be row read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, Merchants, and Traders, oi the Borough of Preston, and the NeighbourijooJ thereof, was mviemed to the House, and read; alleging, That the African Trade is now upon the bell Footing it can pofiihiv be established; and has ' flourished more since the prrient Law, constituting a free and open African Company, than ever it did before, or can do under a Joint Stock Company: And expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that no Alteration will be made in the said Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TitefJay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the said several Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were severally ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Owners and Masters of Ships, and Pilots, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, and also the several other Petitions relating to the Harbour of Ram [ratty were referred, be now read.

And the fill Order being read accordingly

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into ConsideruLn upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolvc itieif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the V, hJe FiiiiCiy carried on by his Majesty's Subjects, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refj/i't'iy That lids Home wiB, upon Thursday Morning next, icibive it Sri: mto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said. uni.

The oilier Order of the Day bring read;

The House rColved itfrii into a Committee of the Vol. a;.

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

MR. Alderman Baker reported from the Committee, Whale to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and Lihery. Owners of Shipping, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

By several Acts of Parliament, passed in the 6th, 13th, and 22d Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, it appeared, that the several Bounties granted by those Acts to Ships employed in the Whale Fishery are confined to Ships of the Burthen of 200 Tons, and upwards.

To prove that Ships of a lets Burthen than 200 Tons are as proper to be used in the Whale Fishery as larger ones,

Mr. William Moody said, That he had been employed in the Greenland Fishery for the last Three Years; and that last Year he was on board a Ship of 328 Tons, in Company with Two Snows employed in the said Fishery, of about 140 Tons Burthen each: That he observed them, and wished he had been in One of them, for he was obliged to keep out to Sea, when these small Ships could go in amongst the Ice, where there was not Room to turn the large ones; and that they were built as strong in proportion as larger Ships:

That if the large Ships could have got first into the Ice, they would have had the best Chance; but that he thinks a Vessel of 15c Tons would be as serviceable as a large one, and he should chuse to go in a Ship of that size*.

That these small Vessels were capable of carrying home as many Whales as have been carried home, on an Average, by each Vessel, of late Years; for that they would bring over 100 Tons of Blubber, besides Fins:

That these Two Snows had each of them Five Roatr, and his Ship had Six; but that their Boats were not quite so large as his, but that they might be as useful:

And that they caught One Whale apiece, and made upwards of Twenty-one Ton of clean Oil between them.

Being asked the Question, he laid, He had been employed in the Dutch Whale Fishery, and they gem rally employ Ships between 5 and 600 Ions Burthen; but he would as soon go on the Whale Fishery in a White J ftr-ring Buss, which is but 80 Tons, as any Vessel That they could carry Four Boats, but they uuid be Ids:

That

Whale

Fishery*

Arrr1cby

E/ectiuii.

252 22* — 14? Martii. -^.1755.

That the final! Vessels are able to cant a Fish, i. e. to turn her upside down, to cut off the Blubber as well as the large ones, and are sufficient to carry Six Months Provisions and 100 Tons of Oil,

Mr. Ralph Grey laid, He was on board the Charming Jenny Snow (One of the Snows mentioned by the lull Witness) lad Year, on the Greenland Fishery: That lhe was about 14.0 Tons, and went in Company with the other Snow: That they killed Two Whales, which were both struck by the Crew aboard their Ship, and the First of them canted by them alone; but that the Crew in the other Snow assisted them in canting the last Whale, though they could have done it very well without any Assistance, for that Four Hands at the Windlass are sufficient to cant a Whale; but in canting the latter Whale, they broke their Capftern, and went down to the other Snip for Assistance; but the Two Ships were not lalhed together, only tied with a Rope; and that the Snows did not assist each other in getting out of the Ice, only they waited for one another:

That the Two Whales produced 21 Ton and an Half of Oil:

That their Ship received a great deal of Damage by breaking her Timbers between the Ice, but that they repaired her there; and, if it had not been for that Miffortune, they should have fiflied much longer; and he thought, if a large Ship had been there, fhc would not have recovered the Damage; and that they went into Places where the large Ships could not go; and that he would as soon go upon the Greenland Fishery in such a Ship as theirs was, as in any Ship whatsoever.

Mr. Thomas Davis, Mariner, had been Nine Voyages to Greenland, informed your Committee, That he was on board the last mentioned Snow on the GreenlandFishery last Year, with Five or Six Sail in Company: That they parted Company with the large Ships at the Skirts of the Ice, when the Two small Vessels went in, and the large Ships could not follow them: That they caught Two Whales, which produced about a Ton of Bone; and that the Oil was as good as any boiled in the Dock: That the Dutch usually employ Ships of 500 Tons in the Whale Fishery; but that he saw a Dutch Ship of about ico Tons which caught Two Whales; and that ’tis customary for One Ship to assist another in case of Damage:

That a small Ship will force through the Ice as well as a large one, if lhe is strong enough, and she can get through a narrower Passage; but that the heavier a Ship is, the better she will force through the Ice:

That they had 27 Hands on board, Four Harpooners, and Provisions for Six Months; and that he never saw a Whale that a Ship of 140 Tons could not cant.

Mr. Geo. Spurrel said, He had beenMasterof a Ship 35 Years in the Hudson's Bay Service, and that they use Ships from 120 to 190 Tons, and find small Ships much handier than great ones: That the Ice in Bay is

more subject to lie in Islands, and is reckoned more dangerous, than that in the Greenland Seas:

That he never was in Greenland, but had often seen Ice driving from Davis's Straits, which he was told was much the fame; and that the Hudson's Bay Ships are much stronger built than those employed in the er)’, and that small Ships might be built as strong as large ones; and that he had received several Squeezes between the Ice in Hudson's Bay, in a Ship of 190 Tons, which no Ship that now trades to Greenland would have borne.

Mr. Jonathan Fowler, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by the last Witness in every Particular.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Sir Ran.Jden Baronet and Fletcher Norton Esquire; and also

the Matter of the Petition of several Burgesses of the Borough of Appleby, in the County of West morel and, whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Month.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner examined several Witnesses, in order to di(qualify Twenty-six other Persons, who voted for the Lord JVenman and Sir James Daflnvoo; Three as not having any Freeholds in the said County; Four as not being al-sessed to the Land Tax; One as not having been, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months before the said Election, in Possession of the Freehold for which he voted; One as not being assessed to the Land Tax, and as not having any Freehold in the Place where, at the time of the said Election, he swore his Freehold did lie; Nine as being Leaseholders; Two as not being assessed to the Land Tax for a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40r. per Annum; Four as not having Freeholds in the said County of the Value of 40 per; and the other Two as having been influenced to vote, by Threats.

They also produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Five other Persons, who voted for the said Lord fVenman and Sir James;

Three as not having any Freeholds in the said County; One as not being in Possession of the Freehold for which he voted; and the other as not having a Freehold in the said County of the Value of 40/. Annum.

And the said Counsel having gone through and hummed up their Evidence;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Monday Fortnight.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 2 40 die Mart it;

Anno 28° Georgii II'" Regis, 1755. Prayers.

A BILL to continue an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sir John CroJJ'e,

Mr. Hardinge, Sir IVm. Calvert, Lord Strange, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Howard, Mr. ander, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lane, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. , Mr. Hunter, Mr. FeI hives, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Martin, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. , Sir John

Mr. tVatfon, Mr. Charlton, Lord Verney, Mr. Aifabie, Sir Charles Mordaunl, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Northey, Mr. Med, Mr. Harvey, Lord Carysfort, Mr. IVebb, Mr. hid ties, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Amcotts, Colonel Mr. Affleck, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mr.

Richards, Mr. Crowle, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Powney, Lord Downe, Sir John Rush-out; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Rohe: And they are to meet this Atternoonat Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The

Oxford

Comity

Election.

Expiring Laws; Thefts, &c.

28 Geo. II. 24 0Martii.253

Manchester, The Lord Strange reported from t]>e Committee, to Rwldi whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called the White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfal, to the Town of Rochdale*, and from the said Place called the White Smithy, by a Place called Beffes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury, and from the said Place called Belles of the Barn to Rat cliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clef’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, up -n the Qucfdon severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Epsom, Mr. Cocks reported from the Committee, to whom the Raids. for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the

Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to Tooting; and 1 om Ewell to Kingston upon shames and Thames Ditton, ;n the County of Surrey, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w^re agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Stephan's Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stephens do lay before this

Iknufafttve pjoufe tpe Declaration of the Merchants concerning the Pot Aih. Art of making Pot and Pearl Allies, which was produced before the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations when this Subject was under their Consideration.

UttkLrzke An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lwds! ^*or con^rm*n§ and establishing an Exchange ot divers I^ands in Little Leake, in the County of Nottingham, pursuant to an Agreement between Francis L<*rd Middleton and Robert Bird Esquire; and for ocher Pur poles therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Kyuajlcn, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir John Cist, Mr. Fcl/owes, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Pnwfe, Mr. Buller, Mr. Sandy's, Mr. Gore, Mr. Her dirge, Mr. Martin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. More, Mr, Curzon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Oswald, Sir Francis Poole, Ms. West, Mr. Olmius, Sir' Cor del Fir ebr ace, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Robinson, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Rozcnev, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gy b bon. Sir Lionel Pi!king ton. Sir John Peachey, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pitt, Lord Verncy, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Qnftow, Mr. Shelley, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. John Yorke, Lord Eg-meat. Sir John Glynne, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Sloper, Mr.

Braden ell. Colonel Griffin, Colonel Bofcaiven, Sir Wnu Meredith, Mr. Rice, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Potter, Lord Hobart; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ktai'oc* Tta Lord Dnpplin, according to Order, reported from OD’ the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Vol. 27.

Borough of MiJJhoH otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same ivas read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Simon Luttrdl Esquire and Richard HuJJey Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Robert Clive Esquire and John Stcphcnjon Esquire to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mid/holl otherwise Mitchell y in the County of Cornwall:

The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.

The Resolution of the House, of the 20th Day of March 1700, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, is in the Portreve, and Lords of the Manor who are capable of being Portreves, and the* Inhabitants of the said Borough paying Scotland Lot, was read.

The Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for rest raining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for tany County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read.

The Numbers upon the Poll were,

For Robert Clive Esquire 7

John Stephevfon Esquire 3

Simon Luttrdl Esquire 7

Richard Hiffey Esquire J

The Counsel for the Petitioners, in order to prove that several Voters had been occasionally introduced into the Borough, and put upon the Rates, for the Purpose of the Election, and that indirect Practices had been used, proceeded to Ihcvv the State of the Borough before the last Contest, the Custom of making Rates in the Parishes of Nezvlxn and Saint Enoder, in which the Borough is situated; and the CFcumstances that attended the making the last Rates for these Parishes, and the Behaviour of the Returning Officer.

As to the State of the Borough:

Mr. Daniel Bampfidd laid, That there are Five mesne Lords of the Borough of Mitchell, who have a Right to be chosen into the Office of Portreve; viz. Sir Richard Vyvyan, Mr. Bofcaiven, Mr. Edgecumbe, who supported the Interest of the Petitioners; and Mr. Courtenay and Mr. Scazven, who supported the Interest of the Sitting Members: That the Estates of the Three former within the Borough are, according to the improved Value, larger than the Estates of the Two latter; That Sir Richard Fyvyan's Estate is upon Lease, but Fifteen of his Tenants voted for the Petitioners — That Mr. John Rogers, Steward to Mr. Scawen, and Mr. Richard Williams, Steward to Mr. Courtenay, acted as Agents for the Sitting Members; That no Opposition was talked of till the Month of August 1753, at which time the whole Number of Men in the Borough was 55, of which 42 were rated — That, of thcle [42, 29 offered their Votes at the Election for the Petitioners, 23 of which were allowed by the Returning Officer:

That at Easter last there were 56 Persons named upon the Rates, ot w hom Seven, though they had lived in the Borough, W'cre not before rated, and Eight wfere brought into the Borough within a few Weeks of the Election, and put into Tenements belonging to the Friends of the Sitting Members: That tome ot these were brought in by Mr. Rogers:

That in no one Year, before the last, above Three new Inhabitants have come into the Borough hnce he has known it.

The Witness acknowledged that he was a Bankrupt, and had not a Certificate from his Creditors; but laid, that he paid the Rates.

3T :°ferh

Midflioll Lit ii ion.

254 24°

Joseph Hawkey confirmed the Evidence of Daniel Bamp-field, as to the Interdl of the mcfne Lords, and the Time vvlion the Opposition v:as declared.

Then several Nominations of Overseers for the Two Parishes respectively were produced and read; by which it appeared, that George Griffis, John Harbour, and Robert Clemoes, were appointed Overseers for the Parish of Neulyn, by John Willy ams and "Thomas Vyvyan, on the 14th of April 1754, for the Year ensuing.

And that Jacob Williams, Reynold Thomas, Frederick July an, and John Benney> Yeomen, were appointed Overseers for the said Parish by Francis Gregor and John Rad-cliffie Gregor, the same Day, for the Year ensuing.

And that John BaJJ'ett, Anthony Cock, Richard Woon, and John Andrew, were appointed Overseers for the Parish of Saint Enoder, by John Willy ams and Thomas Vyvyan, the 14th of April 1754, for the Year ensuing.

And that John Rogers, James Jolly, Robert Varco, and William Gummow, were appointed Overseers for the said Parish, by Francis Gregor and 70//// Radcliffe Gregor, the same Day, for the Year ensuing.

Then the following Rates for the said Two Parishes respectively were produced; viz.

The Rate made at Easter 1752, for 1751.

at Easier 1753, for 1752. at Easier 1734, for 1753.

And a monthly Rate made the 15th April 17 54.

To shew the Custom of making Rates for the said Parishes.

Charles Roberts said, That in both the Parishes of New-lyn and 6A Enoder, the Rates are usually made about a Fortnight before Easier for the Year preceding; but that in the Year 1744 there was an Half Year’s Hate made at Michaelmas, because the Poor a e very burthensome; and that before the Eledhon in the Year 1741 there was a Rate made in the Beginning of the Year, and some small Sum collected within the Borough, but not in the rest of the Parish:

That, on the Sunday after the Rates are made, they are ufugilly brought to the Vestry, where the Parishioners peruse them, and, if they think proper, allow them; and that they are afterwards signed by the Justices: That the Rate made for the Parish of Newlyn before last Easier, being brought into the Vestry, was objected to.

Robert Clemoes, who has known Newlyn Parish all his Life-time, and served the Office of Overseer and Churchwarden Three or Four times, confirmed what had been said by Roberts as to the Method of making Rates; and added, That if Tenements are divided intoieveral Parts, the Rates are collected from all the Occupiers; and that if the Occupier of a Tenement quits it in the Middle of the Year, and another iuccecds, each pays in proportion to the Time of his Occupancy:

That the Officers endeavour to recover the Rates due from those who leave the Parish; but if they cannot get the Money, the Parish in general bears the Loss:

That the Officers make the Rates as near as they can to reimburse themselves, and no more; but that some-times there may be a Surplus of Three, Four, or Ten Pounds, which is paid over to the succeeding Officers.

Anthony Cock, Richard Woon, and Nicholas Francis, who had been Overseers of the Parish of Saint Enoder, all laid, That it was the Custom of that Parish to make the Rates a Week or a Fortnight before Easier for the Year preceeding; but that in the Year 1741 there was an Half Year's Rate made at Michaelmas.

As to the Circumstances which attended the making the last Rates in the Parish of Newlyn,

Robert Clemoes Lid, That the Rate made before Easier 1754, for the YYar 1753, was made by the Rate of the preceding Year: That there was a Penny Rate made just before the last Election, when there was a Balance of Four Pounds in the Hands of the Overseers.

John Martin said, That he was Overseer of the Parish for the Year z 753: That at Easier the Rate was made for the Year 1732 without any particular View to the

Martii. A, 1755.

Election, there being no Talk at that time of an Oppo-fition in the Borough: That the same Tenements were rated for 1752. which were rated for 1751.

As to the Circumstances which attended the making the last Hates for the Parish of Saint Enoder,

Anthony Cock and Richard ,who were Overseers for 1753, said, That about a Week before Easter 1754 there was a Hate made for the Year 1753, without any View to the Election, conformable to the Rate of the preceding Year, except that the Names of the Occupants were inserted at the Desire of Mr. Hnjfey , and also of Mr. Bennet, the Minister of the Parish, who was in the

Interest of the Sitting Members: That every Person was rated who ought to be rated:

That Peter Merryfieldwas the only Person in Possession of any Part of a Tenement which he had not occupied during the whole Year; and he was not rated, because the Officers did not apprehend him to be a Parish ioner:

That James Jolly and R.obert Varco were present when the Accounts were settled: That no Objection was then made either to the Rate or to the Accounts:

That there was a Rate published in the Church the Day before the Election, for a Penny in the Pound: That they never knew so small a Rate made there before — That there was no Occasion for it, for there was a Balance of £.to in the Hands of the Overseers, and a Penny Rate produces only £. 8. ijs. 6d.

And Cock added. That the Officers did not demand any thing of him on account of the said Rate, although he pays for £. 178 a Year.

Nicholas Francis, who had been Overseer for the Y'ears 1751 and 1752, laid, That about a Fortnight before East r 1753, the Rate was made for the Year 1752, conformable to the Rate of the preceding Year, and without any View to the Election, there being no Opposition then talked of:

That the House, Part of P/dips's Tenement, was not rated in 1751, because a Person lived in it who did not belong to the Parish; and that he was omitted in order to make the Parish caty:

That Vercoe, a Friend to the Sitting Members, was rated for it in 1752.

James Jolly said, He was applied to by Dr. Slack house and Mr. Bennet, who were both Friends to the Sitting Members, to be Overseer for 1754: That he was present at the Vestry at settling the Accounts on Easier ~hlender, and there was a Surplus of about Ten Pounds in the Hands of the Overseers: That it was then proposed that the Officers of the preceding Year should be continued; to which no Objection was then made:

That he went from thence, together with Varco, to the House of Mr. Bennet, where he found Mr. Richard Williams, Mr. Rogers, and Mr. Matthias Andrew: That Rogers told him, that he, the Witness, Rogers, Varco, and Gummow, were to be Overseers for that Year.

Then the Rate was produced, which Williams said he drew from an old one: Thar it was a monthly Rate for the Poor: That, upon perusing the Rate, he objected to Two Persons upon it, viz. Mathias Andrew and Oliver Edmunds; but Mr. Williams said they ought to be rated:

That Mr. Rogers, the Witness, and Varco, signed the Rate; Gummow was sent for, but was not at home; and that Mr. Rogers desired the Witness to go with him to Justice Gregor's in order to get the Rate allowed by the Father and Son, who are both Justices of the Peace; but he was unwilling to go, unless Mr. Bennet would sign the Rate, which, at Mr. Rogers's Request, Mr. Bennet did:

That they arrived at Justice which is Nine

or Ten computed Miles from Mr. Rennet's House, between Twelve and One of the Clock: That young Mr. Gregor came down to them, and withdrew with Mr, Rogers for some time:

That

28 Geo. II. 240 M255

That they went from thence to Ercgeny, which is a Mile from Mr. Greer’s where they arrived about Three of the Clock in the Morning:

That he is very certain that had not signed

the Rate when it was signed by the Justices.

Upon inspecting the Rate it appeared, that the Name of William Gummozv is inserted between the Name of Starwood, the haft upon the Lift of the Persons rated, and the Name of John Rogers, the First of the Overseers.

Joseph Hale key said, That, before 1754, Mr.

Hujjiy desired the Overseers of Euoder to make a fair Rate, without any View to the Election; but thought it best to name the Occupiers of Tenements who had paid for the Year 1752, and were then in Possession:

That John Vercoe died on the icth of April, after the Rate was made:

That Five Persons, then lately come into the Borough, who pretended to be in Possession of Tenements, offered to vote ior Mr. Hujj'ey, in case he would prevail with the Overseers of Saint Euoder to put them upon the Rates; which he refuted, Lying, That if they appeared for him at the Poll, he would disclaim them:

That a Nomination of Oiffcers for each of the said Parishes was signed on the 14th of 175 }, about Three Quarters before One of the Clock after Midnight, by Mr. Will yams and Mr. Vyvythe only Two Justices of the Division wherein the Borough lies, at Mr. JVII-lyams’s House, distant Seven or Eight Miles from the Borough:

That the Witness named to the Justices the principal Inhabitants of each Parish; but the Justices thought it best to continue the old Officers, as they had the Approbation of their Parishes the Year before:

That he is an Attorney, lives at Saint Colomb, and was Agent for the Petitioners; and that having heard that the Friends of the Sitting Members intended to nominate Officers, and make Rates, contrary to the Approbation oi several of the Parishoners, he proposed to Mr. Huf ey to get a Nomination of new Officers, in order to defeat that Design: That he was not employed in this Affair by the Parish:

That he produced this Nomination to the Vestry of each Parish, respectively, on Eafer Monday, at the Meeting for settling the Accounts, and chusing new Officers, in order to prevent the subsequent Nominations taking place: That, at Saint Enoder, nobody objected to this Nomination by him produced, but Mr. Rennet, who thought it improper that the same Persons should serve as Parish Officers for Two Years successively:

That, at settling the Accounts for that Parish, there was £. 10 left in the Hands of the Overseers — That and Varcowere then present:

That the monthly Rate, made in was never

collected in the Parish at large till January last; and that there has been no other monthly Rate made finee

Daniel Bampfield said. That Michael Allen made the several Rates for the Parish of for the Years

1754, 1747, and 1741:

That the'last Election was proclaimed on the 15th of April, at Six of the Clock in the Evening:

That Mr. Scawen, the Sitting Members, and Mr. Richard Williams, were at Air. Rogers's that Evening; and that Mr. Scawenrefided there during his Stay at

Mitchell.

As to the Behaviour of the Returning Officer;

Mr. Joseph Hawkey said. That, before the Poll began, it was debated by what Rule the Portreve should govern himself:

That the Friends to the Petitioners, imagining that new Persons were put upon some of the Rates, infilled, that the Rates ought not to be the Rule; but that the real Occupiers of Tenements only ought to vote: But when the Portreve delared he would govern himself by the Rates, they proposed to him the Rates of 1752, as the best Rule, because the Borough was then quiet, and no Opposition thought of; but the Returning Officer was of the contrary Opinion: That then the Yol. 27.

Friends to the Petitioners alleged, that the Rates made before Eafer 1754, for the Year 1753, were more proper than those made after the Election was proclaimed, especially as the Officers, who signed the last mentioned Rate, were not legally nominated, upon Account of a prior Nomination for both Parishes; for Mr. Justice Gregor allowed that he signed the Nomination of the Officers for Nezu/ynon the Sunday in the Evening, and the other Nomination for the same Parish was signed in the Morning; but the Portreve gave it as his Opinion, that, as there was no Fraction in a Day, the Officers nominated by the Two Justices Gregors had as good a Right as the others; and as they had entered into their Office, by making a Rate, they were at least Officers de faPio; and then declared, that he would poll by the Rate they had made:

That, during the Poll, the Portreve paid no Regard to any Rate but the last — That he suffered no Argument to prevail against that Rate; and, in all Cases where Objections were made, he only inquired whether the Person objected to was or was not upon that Rate, and determined to receive or reject the Vote accordingly; except in the following Instances:

1 ft, In the Caie of John Martin, who offered his Vote for a Tenement, for which the Earl of Sandwich was rated; and it was received.

The Calc was, that the Earl of Sandwich brought art Ejectment against Martin in December before the Election, but countermanded Notice of Trial at the Assizes in March — Martin remained in Possession — The Caule was tried at the last Assizes; there was a special Verdict, and a Point of Law referred.

2d, In the same of Richard who was disallow-

ed by the Portreve, because he owned that he came into the Tenement, for which he offered his Vote, alter the Teste of the YVrit.

3d, In the same of Daniel Bampfield, whole Vote was allowed, though Parker was rated lor the Tenement.

4th, In the same of Oliver Edmonds, who was disallowed, though rated, because he was a Certificate Man.

That Martin and Bampfield voted for the Petitioners — Benney and Edmonds offered their Votes for the Sitting Members:

That Peter Bu die's Vote was rejected, because it was infilled that his Tenement had never been rated as within the Borough:

That Mr. Clive, Father of One of the Sitting Members, seemed to have the greatest Influence over the Portreve; and that they generally whispered before the Determination of a disputed Vote:

That, at the Close of the Poll, Mr. One of

the Petitioners, desired the Portreve, that, as the Rights of many Persons were concerned, he would not be hasty in his Determination, but would take some time to consider of the Return; but the Portreve, in a very short time, declared the Sitting Members duly defied.

The Witness allowed that the Portreve heard with Patience all that was to be laid on each Side, whenever a Vole was disputed.

Mr. William Majlermansaid, That, at the last Election for Mitchell, he took the Pol! on the Part of the Petitioners — That, as his Situation was opposite to Mr.

Clive and the Portreve, he could not help observing, that, when an Objection was taken, the Portreve and Air. Clive whispered together — That he could not dif-cern what puffed, any further than that he might hear the Word " Allow " from Mr.

In Answer to the foregoing Evidence, and in order to prove that indirect Practices had been used by the Friends of the Petitioners, the Counsel for the Sitting Members called several Witnesses.

First, as to the State of the Borough;

John Williams Esquire, said, That the annual Produce of the Estates of Mr. Scawen and Mr. Courtenay, in the Borough, is greater than that of the Estates of Mr. Richard Vyvyan, Mr. Bofcazven, and Mr.:

That

MkJflioll

Election.

240 Ma

A. 1755.

MM* oil Election.

That the Vyvyan Estate is let out upon long Leases for Years, determinable upon Three Lives; for which the Family receive only the reserved Rent:

That Mr. Scazven and Mr. Courtenay have a Lease of Part of the Vyvyan Estate; Part of which Lease is assigned to Lord Sandwich, who has brought Ejeclments against the Under Tenants j One of which was tried at the last AlT:ze>, upon which a Yerdid was found for the Plaintiff, rcLrving a Point of Law to be argued:

That the Witness is Guardian to Mr. Courtenay, and is in the Remainder of the settled Estate after Jvlr. Courtenay and his.Two Sifters:

That, in the Year 17341 the Two Members were elected upon the Interest of the Bojcawen and Courtenay Family, in Opposition to Vyvyan and E>lgecumbe:

That, from 1734 to this Time, all the Members, who have represented this Borough, have been choien by the Interest of Mr. Scazven and Mr. Courtenay:

That he never knew the InterelL o\ Vyvyan, Bofcawen, and Edgecumbe, united before this time:

That, about Lady-day in 1753, Srazceu was in the Country, and a iked the Voas ot cver\ M :n in the B -rough, except One, and obtained th*. Pi {e i t »cir Interest for such Gentlemen as lh >ulcl be re: mn.eiuied by him and Mr Court e-jay:

That, tome time aihm Mr. Fa-\en k-fr U >.mtry, there was a Rumour m an ('; > -a.:.* ;: . Person

was named, nor any O; t im,;, 1 - ’ :ed, till

the Auzuft following.

Mr. John Rogers fud, T 1.car i: ;: . Uchaelmas 1751, wlen he first cam.: rn the I*. . .1: a ;v ’ as neard frequent Rumours of rn 1 t interest of

Mr. Scazven and Mr. Council-. v, v. i vprehended

to be the established Intcrei1 s :.c i . u.-.h; but he docs not ivcolled when he fir It the Names of the

Candidates mentioned:

Tliaf, about May or June ij\ :, Lav 7 Jolly told the Witness he had been applied 10 Nr;* i.:s Vote at the Election against the Interest of Yk. Sunven:

That Mr. S.azven, when he was a* Mitchell in th.e Year 1753, (elicited all the Voters but One, and had no Re-fula):

That the Witness himself never a/keel One of Mr. Scazven's Tenants to vote for the Sating Members.

C/

As to the Custom of making Rates in the Parish of

Nciv/yn,

Mr. Michael Allen said, That he had known the Parish Seventeen Years, and had been Overseer Three times: That, in the Year 1741, there were Three Rates; One made a Week after Rafter, another at Michaelmas, and the other at Lady day: That, in the Years 1742, 2744, and *747, there were Two Rates: That there might be Two Rates in other Ycais, which he did not recollect: That the Rates, which are made at Michaelmas, exceed the Disbursements; but those made at Rafter are calculated, as near as possible, to answer the* Disbursements:

That there was a Penny Rate made in 1741, a Week after Rafter, and about a Week or a Fortnight before the Election: That the Returning Officer polled by it: That he never knew such a Rate except that and the last: That he himself was OverietT in the Years 1741, 1747, and 1753.

As to the Circumstances attending the Making of the last Rates;

To lhcw several Alterations in the Rates of the Parish of Saint Enoder, for the Year 1753, from the Two preceding Years, Parts of the several Rates were read; viz.

In the Rate for 1751,

iSarroiv\ 'Tenement - Edward Harris.

1752, D* - - - - The Holders.*

1 7 ^3, Narrow^ Tenement,

and Haveys llouj'e -

17 ;j, Oliver’s Tenement

1752, Ditio - -

1733, Luke Other's Tenement -

} John lludle

y bavin el Symons, and

Edward Harris.

- The Holders.

Ditto.

7 Edward Beimel ju-f nior.

1751, Philp's Tenement

1752, Philp’sTenement

1753, Philp’s Tenement

1 7 31, John Parker - -

1752, Ditto -

1733, Parker’s House -

1751, In the Margin

1752, In the Margin

1753, In the Margin -

Then John Williams Esquire, being examined, said. That Samuel Symons voted lor the Petitioners, [and Budle offered his Vote for them, but was refused: That Williams and Andrew voted for the Sitting Members in Tight of Oliver's Tenement: That Edward Bennet junior offered his Vote for the Petitioners, but was refused: That J^hnFarm died before the Election; but he was

a Friend to the Sitting Members:

That in all the Rates, till that for 1753, the Lands in the Parish without the Borough were named full; then the Lands within the Borough, under the Title "

" cheili"and Nantellio was placed among the Lands

without the Borough: That, in the Rate lor 1753, the Distindlion of the Title ''Mitis omitted: That he never knew any Person vote for Nantellio.

Mr. John Rogers laid. That he applied to Mr. Anthony Cock, One of the Overseers for Saint Enoder, for 1753, to see the Rate for 1752, which he thought he had a Right to as a Pariflaioner; but Cock refuted to shew it him: That he had a Copy of the Rate for 1753, made the 10th of April 1754:

That, before Easter 1754, he had some general Conversation with Gummow and , about appointing new Overseers for Saint Enoder: That he the Witness was nominated, together with Robert Varco, William -move, and James Jolly, to be Overseers for that Parish: That the Nomination was made on Easter , the

April, andsignedon the same Day by the Justices: That the Rate was made on Monday the 15th, at Mr. Williams's: That Jolly, Varco, and the Witness ligned it the same Day: That Gummow was from Home: That the Justices signed the Hate after 11 of the Clock that Night: That he went to the Justices that Night, because he was to go from Home upon Business the next Day: That, on the Saturday following, he went to Gum-moiv's House, to alk him to join with him in paying the Poor for that Week, and carried the Rate along with him: That Gummow desired, as his Name was in the Title, to peruse and sign it; and that he fawr him sign it — That Gummow ligned it with no bad De sign.

Then being shewn Gummow's Name upon the Rate, he said he aiked him at the time he signed it, Why he wrote his Name above those of the other Overseers ? To which Gummow answered, Because he thought there was most Room there.

The Witness further said, That the Rate waspublished in the Church the Sunday following: That it was never made a Secret, but iliewn to the Friends of the Petitioners, whenever they desired it: That Gummow9% Name was read in the Church; and that he believes it was publicly known that Gummow did not sign the Rate till after the Justices had allowed it:

That there are Two Churchwardens for Saint Enoder — That he did not know it was necessary for them to sign the Rate — That he told the Justices, that Three Officers out of Four had signed it

That he apprehended it to be a legal Rate* and that he he was so adviled by Mr. RuJJeH of Falmouth, his Attorney, and several others — That lie cofle&ed it from some of the Friends of the Sitting Members — That he did not collett it from the Friends of the Petitioners, and has not made any Collection since the First, because there was a 14 Publi-

Does not appear. The Holders. John Vercoe.

For his House. For Ditto.

Daniel Bampfield. Nantellio, Arral/asy Mitchell.

The fame.

Arralias is put before Nantellio, and Mitchell is omitted.

28 Geo. II.

240 Martii. 157

Publication*in the Church, forbidding all Persons to pay it; and he was afraid of Trouble and Expence, if he enforced the Payment of it:

That, on the Day Gummoiv signed the Rate, they paid the Poor 5 or 6 s. out of their own Pockets: That the Officers of the former Year paid Money to the Poor that Week, in consequence of their pretended Nomination for the Year ensuing — That he and his Brother Officers have continued to pay the Poor ever since:

That Mr. Scazven was not privy to the making this Rate, nor consulted about it — That the Witness never had any Converlation with him about the Rate before the Poll: That he never informed Mr. Scawen of the Manner of Gumnozv*s signing it.

Mr. Charles Gi 'een laid, That when he applied to Nicholas Francis, on the 8th or 9th of December last, for Copies of the Rates for Saint Enoder, for >751 and 1752, he told him, that the Rates were in the Hands of Mr. Hawkey, Mr. HuJJey s Agenr; and said at the same time, that, a confideiabie time before the Election, Mr. Hawkey desired to have the Rates for Mr. Inspection, and

kept them a long time in his Hands:

That, before the Election, the Witness was at Dr. Stackhouse'sy in Company with Mr. HU turns and Mr. Woon, One of the Overseers of Saint Enoder — That Mr. Hi Hi am s said to Woon, he heard they were going to make anew Rate, and the only Favour he had to alk of him was that he would make an impartial one, and would leave out no Person who had a Right, nor put in any who who hail not a Right to be rated — To which answered. He could lay nothing to that — That Dr. Stackfioufepredial Woon to promise to do Justice; but he still peiiifted that he could say nothing to it.

John Williams Esquire, confirmed Mr. Green's Evidence as to the Converlation at Doctor s.

Michael Allen laid, That Six Months before last , he applied to Mr. Hawkey fora Copy of the Rate of Newlyn for the Year 1752, who told him, he had lent it to Mr. HuJJey’s Agent, and it was gone to London — That he demanded it several times, but was Four Months before he obtained it — That the Copy was wrote by Daniel Bampfiddat Mr. Hazvkey s House with Gunpowder and Water, and was not legible in Six Hours — That he afterwards demanded another Copy, which was promised; but he never obtained it:

That, in October 1753, he met Mr. in Mitchell,

who advised him to insert the Names of the Occupants upon the Rates — That afterwards, at the Parish Meeting upon Easter Monday, Mr. HuJJey objected to the Rate, because he had inserted the Names of the Occupants; but, upon his cross Examination, he owned Mr. HuJJey's Objection was, that he had added several Persons, and omitted others.

As to the Behaviour of the Returning Officer;

Mr. Richard Clive laid, That he came to about

a Fortnight before the Election with the Sitting Members, and Mr. Scawen came there a Week after them — That he lived confiantly with Mr. Scawen — That he never saw a Rate — That he never heard of the last Rate’s being made till it was published in the Church the Sunday following; and then lie acquainted Mr. Scawen with it:

That Mr. Scawen, the Day before the Election, complained that he had not seen a Rate, or a Copy of a Rate:

That, before the Poll, Mr. Scawen called for the last Rates fortbcTwo Parishes — That the Petitioners objected to them; but he laid lie would be governed by the last Rates.be they what they would — That the Witness saw no other Rate produced but the last — That he did not fee any Appointment of Overseers produced by the Petitioners — That, during the Poll, when any Vote was objected to, Mr. Sazven heard what was to be said on both Sides, and examined every Person that was produced either to vote or give Testimony, and took proper Time to determine upon each disputed Vote — That One Vote would sometimes take up Half an Hour:

Vol. ip.

That the Witness fat next to the Portreve — That he Mullholi did not hear any body give him any Advice — That he ^Ie^)on; himself did not desire him to allow or disallow any Vote; except in the same of Martin, who kept Possession of his Tenement after the Expiration of his Lease, and Notice to quit; when Mr. Scawen, laying it was a Point of Law, asked the Advice of the Witness, who gave it as his Opinion that he should be allowed; and the Voter was allowed for the Petitioners — That this is all the Witness said to the Portreve;

That, at the Close of the Poll, the Petitioners did desire Mr. Scawen to take some time to consider before he made the Return; but as the Portreve was satisfied in his own Mind that there was a clear Majority of Five, there was no Reason for his granting them that Favour:

That, during all the time the Witness was at Mitchell,

Mr. Scawen behaved like an impartial and honest Man:

That, immediately after the Poll, Admiral Bofcawen took the Witness by the Hand, and told him he had aCfed an honourable Part.

Mr. Richard Williams, who was present at the Poll, laid. That, during the whole time, the Portreve behaved impartially on both Sides; and that he did not observe any Whispering at any time between the Portreve and Mr. Clive — That he was very near them, and attentive to

what passed.

The Counlcl for the Petitioners objected to 14 Persons, who polled for the Sitting Members, and proposed to add Seven to the Poll of the Petitioners.

As to the Persons objected to, the Evidence wras as follows:

John Trenerry, 1 Jofias Free, and >They voted for s Tenement.

Francis Free. J

Richard Merryfield senior said, That he held all Staples's

Tenement of Mr. Scawen from 1741, to 2d June 1753, when he was turned out for not paying his Rent, and his Wheat and Barley, and other Efteds, dill rained:

That Mr. Green, an Agent for Mr. Scawen or Mr.

Courtenay, in October and Christmas 1753, offered that, he should be taken in again, if he would be a Friend of theirs.

John Trenerry — Objection — DanielBampfield said, That the Voter is a Taylor, and came into the Borough about Lady-day 1753 — That he voted for Meadow, Part of Staples's Tenement:

That Richard Merry field senior held the whole Tenement at the Rent of per Annum, till June 1753:

That Mr. Rogers had constantly Cattle in Meadow from the time Merryfieldquitted it till within Ten Days of the Election — That, after the Election, on the 10th of May, he put his Cattle in again; on the 18th or 19th, carried Dung into it; and, from the 10th of August to January, he confiantly flocked it:

That 'Trenerrykept his Cow in Two other Fields, Part

of Nancarrozv's Tenement, which he rented — That he

had a Mare in the WellMeadow about a Fortnight in June, which afterwards he put into the other Fields where his Cow went:

That there are Tenements in Mitchell worth less than 405. a Year.

Richard Merryfield junior said. That, upon old Merry -field’s being turned out of Staple's Tenement, Rogers came in his Room — That John Trenerry and Jofias Free came into the House afterwards — That John Trenerry never had any Stock in Well Meadoiv — That Rogers was

in Possession of Well Meadoiv at the time of the Election, and has been in Possession of it since, and dressed the Ground about 6 or 8 Weeks ago.

Answer — Mr. John Rogers said, That, in the Beginning of November 1753, he let the Well Meadows to the Voter, who has been in Possession, and had Cattle upon them occasionally from that time to this — That he has depastured in those Fields Two Bullocks, which he bought of the Witness, and likewise a Cow and a Horse — That the Meadows are worth 405. a Year; and that the Voter has paid his Rent to Michaelmas last.

14° Marli'u A. 1755.

lidnioll

le&ico.

Frederick Julian fa id, That Frenerrytook Possession of Rates; and Michael Allen said, That, on E after Monday, the Well Meadows (ome timeafter Christmas 1753 — That he paid the Rate for the whole Year 1753.

he saw his Cow there several times, from the latter End John Free and 7 Voted for Nr,near row's Tenement, of January till the Lady-day following; but that the Joint 3 Part of Mr. s Estate.

Voter never had a Bullock, to the Witness’s Knowledge — John Free — Objection — Daniel Bam [field said, That the

That he had only One Cow and a Horse. Votercameintothe Borough on the njtnof AArrr/r la(l, and

It was proved, that he paid the Rate for 1753, on was put into a House where Thomas Roberts uied to keep Easter Monday 1754; and it was admitted, that he was hisCow, which was fitted up by Mr. Rogers for the Voter; upon the Two last Rates made in April 1754. but the Repairs were not finished till the 2d of April:

JoftasFree — Objection — DanielBampfield said that, That the Voter is a Labourer, and keeps a public

he voted for a House and Garden, Part of the fameTe- House at where his Family continued, and his

nement — That he came into the Borough with Frenerry — Business was carried on — That he seldom Raid in the Bo-That they lived together in a little Back House (behind rough for more than Two or Three Days at a time, never the Place where the House flood, which is fallen down, for a Week together — That his Wife was sometimes there and uied to be let for i6x. a Year — That Mr. Rogers with him for a Night or Two — That he left the Borough was in Possession of the Garden — That, on the 13th and a Week or Ten Days after the Election, and did not re-aoth of September 1754, his Servants gathered the Fruit: turn till there was Notice that the Petition was appointed

That the Garden is not worth above 4 s.a Year. to be heard, when he staid Five Days in the same House Richard Merryfield junior said, That Joftas Free was in where he was at the time of the Election, and then went Possession of the Garden, and, as far as he knows, ga- back to where he still lives — That he voted for

thered the Fruit. Two Fields in the Possession of John Frenerry, Part of

Answer — John Rogers said, That the Voter had been Ns Tenement; the Whole valued at £. 25 a in Possession of a House and a Email Garden ever since Year, and for which Five Persons voted.

July 1753, which the Witness let to him at 40X. a Year: Charles Roberts and John Parker confirmed all the Cir —

That the Fruit the Witness gathered was not out of that cumstances of the Time and Manner of John Free's com-Garden, but out of another Garden, which is Part of the ing to Mitchell, living the re, and quitting it, and of his same Tenement. Family’s continuing at , where his Business was car-

Francis Free — Objection — Daniel Bampfield said, That ried on all the while, and where he now lives; and they the Voter came into the Borough on the 3d of April 1734, both added, that the*/ often drank at his House at to Rosamond Crocker's: and law him there during the time he called himself an That his Wife and Family continued at NewlynOcmvch. Inhabitant of and that it was reported he went

Town, and he went to them almost every Day: to Mitchell with a View to vote.

That he quitted the Borough the Friday after the Answer — Mr. John Rogers said, That, with his Con-

Election, and only returned for a few Days in January Tent, Joftas Free let to the Voter, at £. 3 a Year, fbme of last, upon a Rumour that the Petition was appointed to the Land which he had occupied — That the Witness fitted be heard: ' up a decayed Dwelling-house lor him, so that it was better

That he is a poor Labourer, and had neither House- than many Houses in the Borough — That it was finished hold Goods, nor any Stock whatever, in the Borough: in the Middle of the February before the Election; and he

That the Round Close and Long Close, for which he came into it at the latter End of that Month: voted, when Merryfield quitted them, were in Wheat, That he is a Day-labourer, and his Work often calls which Rogers reaped: him out of the Town — That herefided there occasionally.

That, in the Spring following, they were sowed with and sometimes his Wifeand Daughter with him — That the JBarley, which was reaped by a Labourer of Rogers’s, and Witness saw him in the Borough Two or Three Months carried to Rogers’s Yard: after the Election, and has seen a Bullock, which the Voter That there was no visible Sign of the Voter’s Possession said belonged to him, upon the Land which he rented, of those Fields: Frederick Julian said, That he was with John Free's

Rickard Merryfield junior confirmed the foregoing Daughter, when the took out a Licence in September last Evidence. for selling Ale in and that he was bound for

Charles Roberts said. That Francis Free is a poor la- her. bouring Man — That he remembers his going to Mitchell John Williams — Objection — Daniel Bampfield said, That

about aFortnight before the Election; but that hisFamily in February 1754, Mr. Rogers put Williams into the remained at Newlyn Church Town, where the Witness House in which Roberts used to live — That when he came supplied them with Meat — That he saw the Voter there to he brought his Wife and Goods with him,

3 or times during the Fortnight; and that he lives and has lived there ever since — That the whole House there now. which Roberts had, and the Two Fields which Frenerry

Answer — John Rogers said, That in the Beginning of rented (that Part of Nancarrow's Tenement for which March last, he let to Francis Free Two Fields at £.3 a John Free and Williams both voted), were let at £.3 a Year, of which he had immediate Possession: Year, and had never been rated in his Memory.

That the Small Pox being in his Family, was the Ilea- Answer — Mr. John Rogers said. That, in November

son he did not bring them with him to the Borough — 17 he let the Voter the House in which Roberts had

That he lives at Newlyn Church Town — That he has ap* lived — That he entered upon it the February following, plied to the Witness for a House in the Borough, and after it had been repaired, and had constantly resided there he has promised him the first that becomes vacant: with his Family ever since — That Roberts paid no Rent

That, when the Witness left the Country, there were while he lived in it, and, as he believes, no Taxes.

Two Bullocks in those Fields; but he could not say to Michael Allen said, That Williams, on Easter Monday whom they belonged — That there was Corn in them in last, paid him the Poor’s Rate for the Year 1753; ar>d the Summer; but he does not know who paid for the it was admitted, that his Name is upon the Two last Sowing of it — That it is usual for Mr. Scawen's Tenants, Rates.

who have not Rick Yards of their own, to put their Corn Francis Mullis — Objection — Daniel Bampfield laid, in the Witness’s Yard. That he is a labouring Man — That the first time he saw

Frederick Jullm 'aid. That he is a Maltster — That he him in the Borough was at Candlemas 1754 — That lie bought brands Free's Barley, and paid him for it when lodged fora Fortnight with John Bud/e, his Father in gro.v»r)<r a. r . ited it to Mr. Rogers's Yard, where feve- Law, then left the Borough, returned in, , and

,v lodge their Corn — That it still remains lodged a few Days with Frenerry, and about a Fortnight - . Witness has bought Barley since. before the Election, went to lodge at Frederick Julian's:

.. .-d, that the Voter was upon the Two last That he voted for a Meadow called Doubt's Meadow,

and

2 8 Geo. II. 240 Mar til 259

and pretended to have bought a Heifer of Frederick lian — That this Meadow lay in common with other Land of Julian % — 1'bat Julian's Stock was constantly in it be-

so e the i fleet ion, and lie appeared to occupy it afterwards — That Julian had the Milk of the Heifer — That,

a iii tie before Chrjjfmas last, upon a Report that the Petition was to be heard, the Voter pretended to flock this Meadow, and put into it this Heifer, and Five or Six Sheep 1

That the Objection to his Vote at the Election was, That he was newly come into the Borough, and had no Possession there of his own: To which he said, That he had a Field of Julian's; but acknowledged he came into the Borough occasionally, in order to vote — That the Portreve declared, that, as he was upon the Rate, he would allow’ him.

Mr. William Mafierman said, That he remembers Mu/lis'scorning to poll — That the Obje<flion to his Vote was, That he had no Possession; and that he came into the Borough occasionally, and was put upon the Rate with an Intent to give him a Vote:

That he pret ended to have a Heifer and Calf, and some Land — That several Witnesses were examined, to prove that he had no Possession, and also touching his Residence in the Borough; after which, the Question was put to the Voter himself, Whether he did not come into the Borough to make an occasional Vote? To which he answered, That he did come into the Borough for the Purpose of voting — That the Portreve (eemed to demur, whether he should or should not admit the Vote; and that his Consultation with Mr. Clive upon that Occasion was more than ordinary, before he declared, that, as the Voter was upon the Rate, he would allow him.

Answer — Frederick Julian said, That, soon after Christmas 1753, he quitted Possession of "Doubt's Meadow — That Mullis hired it of Mr. Rogers in February following,

and flocked it with a Cow, which he bought of the Witness — -That the Witness himself fold the Calf which belonged to the Cow, and run with her till Four Months old — That the last Hay which was in the Meadow belonged to the Witness, but was all eat before the Election, Pan by his and Part by the Voter’s Cattle — That the Field adjoining belongs to the Witness, and there is a Gap in the Hedge made for a Way through — That the Voter has lived Two Years in the Borough, Part of the Time with his Father in Law — That, in February before the Election, he lodged at the Witness’s House.

Mr. Clive said, That he was near the Portreve when Mullis offered his Vote — That he was asked by One of the Agents for the Petitioners, how long he had been in the Borough ? and he gave an Answer — That then he was asked. If he came in as an occasional Voter? — That the Witness objected to the Question as unfair; and the Port-reve was of the same Opinion — That Mullis made no An-lwer tothat Question, as he heard — That nothing further passed between the Witness and the Portreve upon this Vote.

Mr. Richard Williams laid, That he remembers Mullis was asked, If he did not come into the Borough as an occasional Voter? Mr. Clive objected to the Question as unfair; and he did not hear Mullis give any Answer to if — That he does not remember that there was any thing said to the Portreve about allowing or dilallowing that Vote.

Marmaduke Tribilcock — Objection — Daniel said, That, on the 2d of March 1754, he came into a Cottage, Part of Coone's Tenement, belonging to Mr. Scawen, which Mary Nicholls quitted — That it was worth 14^. a Year when the had it; but that there were Additions made before T"ribilcockcame into it:

That, when he offered his Vote, the Objcdion was. That he was newly come into the Town — That his House was of small Value, and was never rated by itself; and that Richard Merryfi.'dwas in Possession of a Meadow,

which is the principal Part of the Tenement, and for which he had paid ii.e Hates many Years; but the Portreve said, that as ’Tribilcockwas in Possession of the Man-

Vol. 27

lion House, and was upon the lass Rate, and not field, he would allow Tribilcock's Vote:

That the House, since it has been repaired, is worth 25 or 30 s.a Year — That the Meadow lets at 20J. or a

Guinea.

Answer — John Rogers said, That, in the Beginning of December 1753, he let him the House in which M&ry cholls, a Pauper, had lived Rent free — That he came into it about the Middle of the February following, after it had been repaired, and has been in Possession ever since — 1 That the Tenement, consisting of this House and a Meadow, has been rated; but he does not know that the House has been rated separately.

Thomas Jefferey said, That he had known a Vote givetl many times for this House, Part of s Tenement, for which Tribilcock voted — That Thomas Nicholls voted for it in the Year 1741 — That Mr. was

then Deputy Portreve to Mr. Scawen — That the House was then rated singly.

It was admitted, that the Voter’s Name is upon the Two last Rates.

Matthias Andrew and TVoted for Luke Oliver's Tene-Riehard Williams,) ment.

Matthias Andrew — Objection — Nicholas Francis said, That he was Overseer in 1751 and 1752 — That Edward Bennet junior paid the Rates for Luke Oliver's Tenement: That the Voter was not rated in either of those Years — That he had just then taken a House; but the Witness did not know he was possessed of any thing to be rated for.

Richard Woonsaid, He was Overseer for Saint for 1753; and that the Voter was not then ra'.cd, because he was an Inmate:

That either Mr. Williams or Mr. Green applied to the' Witness to put Matthias Andrew upon the Rate; and, in order to make the Patish easy, offered to give a Bond to indemnify the Parish.

Answer — John Williams Esquire said, That Matthias Andrew had been in Pofiession of Part of Luke Oliver's Tenement, for which he voted, above a Year — That he remembers William Andrew's voting for it in 174r.

John Rogers said, That Matthias Andrew has been in Possession of that Part of Luke Oliver's Tenement, for which he voted, ever since Lady-day 1731 — That, at Christmas 1753, the Witness let him a Meadow, Part of the Vyvyan Etlate, of which the Witness is Under-tenant, for £.5 a Year:

That the Witness employed a Person to plough this Ground, as the Voter could not, upon his own interest, get any body to plough it; but Andrew paid for the Ploughing — That he believes he also paid for the Reaping:

That the Barley was carried into the Witness’s Yard, and placed in a Stack by itself — -That the Voter rents £. 6 a Year of Mr. Scawen — That he was never rated till last Year, because he was not a legal Parishioner — That he paid the Kate for 1754 to the Witness.

Mr. Richard Williams — Objection — Anthony Cock said. That the Voter is an Attorney — That he has Part of a House in which Richard Wood lives — That he has known it 12 or 14 Years, and, during that time, it was never rated — That Luke Oliver's Tenement was always rated — That he never saw him in Mitchell above 5 times--That he never kept House, and is not looked upon to be an Inhabitant.

Daniel Bampfield said, That Williams is Agent for the Sitting Members — That lie came to Mitchell the z2d December 1753, but does not constantly reside there — That lie never comes there but in an Election Year — That he keeps no Servant there — That he sometimes lies there; but that the Witness looks upon him only as an occasional Lodger — That lie ljiends moll of his Time at his Uncle’s: That Richard Wood has the chief Part of the House in which Williams lives — That Williams's Part is let for £. 6 a Year, and Wood's for (.8 a Year — That the House has not been rated thete 13 Years — That formerly it was rated as Sir Richard or Sir Francis Vyvyan* — That he never

heard-

Midfboll

fcle&on.

Flection

260 240 Mariii. 1755.

heard that this was Part of Lu Oliver's, Tenement, till the Rate was made on the 15th of April last.

Answer — John Williams Esquire said, That, at Lady-day 1751, he agreed with Michaefor a House for his Nephew Richard Williams, who was to pay /.6 a Year Rent, and ail'o the Rates to Church and Poor: That he has constantly paid the Rent, but his Ilcfidence is not contlant there — That he full came into the Borough at Christmas 1753.

Charles Green said. That Mr. Richard Williams came to Mitchell at Christmas 1753, and resided there till the Election; and was there in May last.

And, by Two Receipts, of the 20th May 1752, it appears, that Richard Williams Attorney paid the Poor and Church Rates for a House, Part of Tenement. And,

Nicholas Francis said, That, when he went to collect the Church Rate, he was told that the House belonged to Lobb's, Tenement — That Bennet said, He would pay 3 d. for Mr. Williams, and desired to have a Receipt for it.

Peter Merry field — Objection — Daniel Bampfield said, That he came into the Borough on the a6th of January 1754 — That he staid a few Nights with his Father-in-Law, and then went into a House newdy repaired by Mr. Williams, on Mr. Courtenays Land — That he voted for Five Fields, Part of Courtenay's, Tenement — That John Tom was in the Posse (lion of them, and his Cattle were constantly depastured in them at the Time of the Election, and ever since — That he never saw any of Stock there — That Merry field bought a Mare of John Tom, after which lhe never went in these Fields, but in Nantellio — That John Tom, in May 1754. drew the Potatoes, in June carried Dung into theie Fields; in July

let up Peat there; and in the same Month made the Hay, which, in August, he carried Home.

Answer — John Tom laid, That the Voter, who married his Daughter, had lived within the Borough ever (ince Christmas 1753; at which time the Witness, with the Consent of Mr. Williams, let him some Land, called Courtenay's Land, at the Rent of/.3 a Year, and fold him a Cow — That he had some Sheep of his own when he married, which the Witness kept for him.

The Witness owned that he drew the Potatoes, and repaired the Hedges, for him — That he carried his own Dung into the Fields — That he made the Hay, and carried it to his own Rick, which, by Agreement, he was to have in Consideration of his having manured the Land — That the Voter desired him to drels the Land, and fow it with Turnips, and agreed either to pay him, or to let him have Part of the Produce — That John Jolly voted for these Fields in the Year 1741.

Mr. Richard Williams said, That, about Christmas 1753, Tom gave him Notice that he had let these Lands to the Voter; and that the Witness accepted him as a Tenant to Mr. Sivatt — That he has paid the Rent from Michaelmas 1753.

John Roto — Objection — Daniel Bampfield said, That he voted for a Field called Ps Tenement, which John

Fercoe possessed till the 10th of April 1754, the Day of his Death, whose Executors drew the Potatoes which were in the Ground:

That, in the Beginning of December 1753, the Witness a Iked Row if he was going to be made a Fagot ? who answered. That he had no Pretence to vote: but John May had promised to get him something of Mr. Williams to vote for.

Anthony Cock said. That about Three Months before the Election, Row applied to be rated for Part of Courtenay's, Lands — That he docs not know that he pretended a Right to Philps's Tenement — That he never offered to pay him any Rate.

Richard Wcon said, That Vercoe died the Week before Easttr, and his Widow paid the Rate for s Tenement on the EasterMonday; but came afterwards for the

Money, and laid John Row should pay it.

Answer — John May said, That, in the Middle of January 1753, John Vcrcoe let a Flat of Land to John Row: That he saw Rcw's Horse there in March and April following — That he does not remember to have leen any Cattie there belonging to Jrercoeor his Widow.

John Tom said, That, in the latter End of January 1754, he saw Row's Horse in s Tenement, of

which he was then in Poflfefiion, and has been ever since: 1 That he sometimes puts his Horse out to Grass in Nantellio.

Simon Nancarrow — Objection — Richard junior laid, That, at the Election, was in

Possession of Three Fields, called the , Part of

Courtenay's Lands, which Reginald Thomas possessed till Christmas 1753 — That the Voter had a Marc in those Fields, and Two Months after 14 or 15 Sheep.

Answer — Charles Green laid, That, a little before Christmas 1753, he let the Fields called the Stitches to Simon Nancarrow, with the Conient of Cardin, who then possessld them — That, by Agreement with,

he was to pay the Rent and the Rates from the Michaelmas preceding.

John Rogers said, That Nancarrow has been in Pofiession of this Land ever since before Christmas 1753; and that he had leen his Horse there.

Michael Allen said. He had received the Rates of Nancarrow for 1753 — That some of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Newlyn, in Mr. Hu fey's Interest, complained of his being rated; but, as the Tenement he occupied was always rated, the Oincers thought themselves obliged to rate him.

It was admitted that he was upon the Two last Rates.

Rosamond Crocker — Objection — Richard Merryfield fe-nior laid, That the House in which the Voter lived was never rated; and that Richard Peters had the principal Part of it — That the Voter’s Uncle, who lived in this House before him, could not vote for it; but was obliged to take other Grounds, in order to vote — That, in 1741, Rosamond Crocker did not vote for this House, but for other Grounds.

Answer — Mr. Richard Williams said. That Rosamond Crocker occupies Two Tenements, the one a House and Garden, the other Land — That he has held one from 1739, and the other from 1749 — That he pays 30 a Year for each.

Michael Allen said, That he has been rated for 17 Years, sometimes as Occupier, and sometimes by Name: That the Witness received the Rates of him the Three Years when he was Officer — That his House is within the Borough, and he is rated for House and Ground.

It appears that he is rated, for 1753, for House and Ground.

George Cornelius Swan — Objection — By Copies of the Court Rolls it appears, that, on the 21 ft of October 1748, the Death of Kellon Courtenay was p.resented:

That, in 1749, 1750, 1751, 1752, and 1753, the: Name of Charles Courtenay is amongst the Names of the free Tenants:

That, at a Court held the 25th February 1754, pursuant to Two Writs of Mandamus, George Cornelius Sevan was presented to be One of the mesne Lords, in the room of the Heir of Kellon Courtenay, deceased. And,

Mr. Thomas Jones said, That he was present at the said Court: That he did not fee Air. Sevan there; but tint a Freehold Lease was then produced, whereby the Trustees under the Will of Kellon Courtenay Esquire, dcccated, granted to George Cornelius Swan, for Life, Lands and Houses within the Borough of , at the Rent oi

/. 100 a Year.

That the Execution of the Deed by the Trustees was then proved; and also the Execution of a Letter of Attorney, for giving him Livery and Seisin.

And it appeared by the Will of Kellon Courtenay Esquire, deceased, dated the 22d Day of May 1744, that all his Lands and Tenements within the Borough ot

chell are excepted out of the Power of Leafing, thereby given to the Trustees therein mentioned.

Answer —

a8 Geo. II. 24* Martiu261

Answer — Richard Williams said, That Mr. Swan was Answer — Elizabeth Tribilccck laid, That [he did not

sworn, and did Fealty before the High Lord, on the 30th knew that Peters had any Eft ate — That Symons is in Pof- wn'

of March 17541 session of Two Meadows, Part of s Tenement:

As to the Seven Persons whom the Counsel for the Pe- That his Servant plowed them and sowed them, but Ihe titioners proposal to add to their Poll, the Evidence did not know who reaped the Corn: That it now Hands was as follows: in a Stack in the Corner of the Field: That Symons, when

In Support of the Vote of Admiral Bofcawen. her Poultry had been in the Corn, said, Thathehad better By a Deed, dated the 2d of Mat ch, 1754, Lord Fal- have killed them, and paid her for them: That Ihe has mouth conveyed to Edward Bofcawen Esquite, and his seen Symons's Cattle there, but never Peters's.

Heirs forever, all that his Manor and Lordshipof Lan- Frederick Julian said, That Peters has a Blacksmith’s dr vie. in the Patilhcs of Saint Enoder and Newlyn. Shop which is not worth 5 r. a Year.

Mr. Tremenheere laid, That on the 2d of March hft In Support of the Vote of John Budle,

Admiral Bofcawen tendered Fealty to Lord Arundel, the Nicholas Francis said. That he has been in Possession.

High Lord of Mitchell; which he accepted, and gave of a House, Part of Nancarrow's Tenement, 14 or 15 him the Oath accordingly. Years: That Edward Harris and John Budle paid the

Answei — John Williams Esquire laid, That it was the Rates to him in 1751 and 1752: That $ Part is Custom of the Borough, that the mesne Lords, who claim worth a Year, and has been lett for more: That -by Deicent or Purchase, flioukl be prefen ted by the Ho- ward Harris's Part is worth about 30s.; and, by the mage before they were sworn: That Mr. Edgcumbe, who Poll, Harris appears to have voted for the Sitting Mem-claimed by Conveyance, and the present Lord Falmouth, bers. who claimed by Delcent, were both presented by the Ho- Richard Woon said, that John Budle has been in Pol-mage before they were sworn: That he never heard that session of the House for which he offered to poll several Mr. Bofcawen was prdenred. Years: That he paid to the Witness the Church Rate for

Thomas Jefferies said, That it was usual for t-he Jury to 1752, and the Poor’s Rate for 1753 That the House is present the mesne Lords before they were sworn, or could rated at £.3 a Year.

act. James Harris said. That John Budle had lived in his

John Brabrant, said, That Francis Gregor, Esquire is a House several Years: That it belonged to Thomas Har-free Tenant of Lord Falmouth's Manor of Landrine ;and vey, whom he knows to have voted for it Three or Four he produced a Receipt, dated the 8th Day of June 1754, times: That he believes John Budle offered his Vote in from John Pafcoe, for 11 s. 10 dreceived of Francis Gre- the Year 1741, and was rejected. gor Esquire, for the Lie of Lord Falmouth, being a Year’s Answer Rogers said, That John Budle possesses

Rent, to tho Manor of Landrine, and a Year’s conven- Part of a House which he thinks not worth 10 a Year: tionary Rent, due Lady-day 17 54. That he has lett out Part, but the whole House is not better

in Support of the Vote of William Nancarrow, than Harris's: That the Witness did not know whether he

Robert Clemoelaid, That at Rafter 1 7 ;2 William Nan- pays any Rates, or not.

carrow paid the Rate for 17 51 for a Fourth Part of Swine's Thomas Jefferies said. That John Budle letts Part of his Tenement, the whole of which is rated at 4/. .* And, House: That the Part he occupies is worth more than

John Martin laid, That he paid the same for the Year 20 s.a Year, and was not worth much less at the time of 1752. the Election: That it has not been rated lately, but was

O'Hit am Parked said, Th.it William Nancarrow is in formerly: That old Harvey used to vote for it: That in Possession of Part of Swine’s Tenement: That the Wit- the Year 1741 s Vote was rejected, nets, his B other, a:ul Kofkelly, occupy the other Three In Support of the Vote of Peter Budle,

Parts: That Nancan one iias paid his Part of the Rate James Hants laid, That the only Objection to his Vote

every Year for 12 or 14 Yea is: That he tendered his was, that his Tenement lay without the Borough: That

Rate for the last: Year, but Michael Allen refused it: That Pete Budle is in Possession of and Goonmartk

Michael Allen demanded from the Witness, and his Bro- That he has known the Borough 50 Years — That when-

ther, each. Two Parts of the Rate for this Tenement; ever the Parishioners went the Bounds of the Town, they

but they refused to pay him, and he received from each a reckoned Two Parts in Three of Nantellio and all Goon

Quarter Part: That Nancarrow's Part has been lett for marth, to be within the Borough: That he never knew 35 s.a Year: That Swine's Tenement has been divided any-body vote for thele Lands before but that he

into Four Parts thele 12 Years: That formerly Two Per- does not remember any Person, who lived within the Bolens only voted for it, but Four have offered of late: rough, in Possession of them before him — the Witness That he never knew William Nancarrow vote, but he said. That these Lands were rated as within the Borough; tendered his Vote at the Election in 1747, when there but he owned he did not know the Difference of the Man-was no Oppofttion. ner of rating the Lands within the Borough, and those

Answer — Frederic Julian said, That the Part of Swine's that are in the Parish without the Borough.

Tenement, belonging to William Nancarrow, consists only John Cole said. That he had known the Borough of of Three Quarters of an Acre of Land, and is not worth Mite from 1713 to 1729: That in the Year 1729 20 s. and that there was no House upon it at the time of the Inhabitants of the Borough went round the Bounds: the Election. That all the old Men agreed, that all Goonmarth, and the

Michael Allen confirmed the foregoing Evidence as to jargest Part of Nantellio, was within the Borough: That the Value and Quantity of the Land; and added, That in the Year 1729 the Witness was in Possession of Nan-it was never rated before, and that he never knew any tellio and Goonmarth: That he served upon the Jury, and Person vote for it: That the Witness was Overseer in the voted for a Portreve: That he apprehends nobody can Years 1741 and 1747, and that he never received any serve upon the Jury but who has lived in the Borough,

Rates of William Nancarrow. and paid the Church and Poor’s Rate, a Year and a Day:

In Support of the Vote of Richard Peters, That he lived in the Borough 14 Y'ears before he paid

Robert Clemoe and John Martin proved, That he paid Rates: That he left it some time after voting for the the Rate for Part of Lobb's Tenement, Value One Pound, Portreve: That he does not know that any one ever

for the Years 1751 and 1752. voted for that Tenement, because no Person has been in

William Parker said. That Peters has been Two Years Possession of it who lived in the Borough at the time of in Possession of a House, Part of Lobb's Tenement, of an Election: That he never heard any body say that this which lie is Hill in Possession: That he occupied Two Tenement was not in the Borough.

Fields when they were in Corn last Year; but the Witness William Parker confirmed the foregoing Evidence as could not say whether he was in Possession of them at the to the Inhabitants of the Borough going the Bounds; and time of the Election, or not. that Two Thirds of Nantellio, and all Goonmarth, were

Vol. 27. 3 X reputed

irfiJlholt

Siedion.

act 2 40 Martii.

1755-

reputed to be within the Borough: That this Tenement was in the Poss ffion of Persons who lived out of the Borough hef. re J< b,i Cole occupied it, and since.

Anthony Cock fays That N is rated by Name, and Goonmarth is included in it; and that the whole is

rated at /. 12 a Year.

And Using asked why Nantellio and are placed

before Mitchell on the Rate ? Ire laid, That and

Nantellio sere rented many Years by the same Person, and lie lived out of the B ‘rough, and that is without the Bor'Ugh — That Peter Bud paid the Ra'e for 1753.

Answer — Frederick 'Julian laid, That he has heard le-veral Persons, who are since dead, say. That Nantellio is without the Borough, and that it never was rated as within the Borough,

And the Counsel for the Sit ting Members infilled. That the Manner of placing Nantellio upon the Rates wac the strongest Evidence of the general Opinion of the Inhabitants, that it vv; s nut within the Borough.

In Support of the Vote ot Richard Maryfield junior,

Daniel Bampfield fair). That ie is in Possession of a

Piece ol Land called Coon's Meadow, at the Rent of a Guinea or us. a Year, Part of Coons Tenement: That at the time of the Eieftion it was in'Wheat, which thardMerryfield cut and carried away in the Harvest 1754: Tiut Mr. Rogers, in the Harvest 1753, cut the Wheat, and carried it to his own Yard: That has been in P >flession ever since:

That on the x 5th of April, Richard Merryfield tendered the Kate to Michael Allen and Jacob Williams, the one Overseer and the other Churchwarden of the Parish; and told them. That they knew he was in Possession; but, as he was not upon the Rate, they refuted ii: That Allen bad the very Day before given Merryfield a Receipt for Tythes.

Robert Clemoe proved that Merryfield paid the Rate for Coon's Tenement for the Year 1751; and John,

that he paid it for 1752.

Answer — John Rogers said. That he knows no Land that Richard Merryfield junior possesses: That in Harvest

1753 'be Witness dtftiained for Rent the Corn upon an Half Acre of Land called Coon's Meadow: That soon after Harvest 1753 he put Symons into Possession of it, who plowed it, and lowed it the September before the Election: That Symons paid no Rent: That he know' nothing of the Possession since Harvest 1753: That he always apprehended it to belo 'gto old Merryfield, and that his Name was on the R.ntal for it; but that he has received from v ung Merryfield Money in Part of Rent:

Thomas Jefferies said, That Samuel Symons plowed Coon's Meadow the September before the Election, but he did not fee it lowed; and that Richard junior had the

Crop.

In Support of the Vote of Edward junior,

Nicholas Francis said. That Edward Benntt junior paid the Rate for Luke Oliver's Tenement for the Year 1751 and 1752, but he does not know who occupied it; and Bennet was not rated by Name in either of those Years.

Anthony Cock said. That Edward Bennet paid the Rate for Luke Oliver's Tenement for 1752, and that he was therefore rated by Name to the Tenement for 1753.

Answer — Thomas Jefferies said, That Michael Bennet had been in Possession of Cobb's Meadow thele Six or Seven Years: That he has plowed it, and kept his Cattle in it: That he never saw any Stock of Edward sthere; and that he has a Horse which he keeps in another Place.

It was admitted by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, That theie Seven Persons, whom the Counsel for the Petitioners have endeavoured to add to their Poll, offered their Votes, at the last Election, for the Petitioners, and Were refused.

And it was admitted by the Counsel for the Petitioners, That their Names were not upon the Two last Rates.

The Counsel for the Sitting Members, on their Part, objected to Five Persons who had voted for the Petitioners, and proposed to add One to the Poll for the Sitting Members.

John Martin — Obj'. ftion — M r. Charles Green said, Tha? his Leaie expired at Michaelmas 1753, and he gave him Notice to quit, which he refused to do till afrer the Election: That he said he was advised by Mr. ,whom the Witness desired him to coniult, that he could not be turned out till afrer the Elect’oo: That the Voter pleaded no Right, but Possession; but mentioned Lord cumbe's having an Equity in the Estate:

Thar, upon the Trval of an Ejcftment, there was a Verdict for the Plaintiff; but there is a point of Law re-served — That the Voter remains Hill in Possession.

Answer — -The Counsel for the Petitioners rolled the Voter’s Right unon his Possession.

Daniel Bampfield — Objection — He confesses himselfto be a Bankrupt, and that he has not a Certificate from his Creditors:

That in the Rates for 1751 and 1752 John Parker appears to be rated for his House.

Answer — Nicholas Francis laid, That Daniel Bampfield is in Possession of a House and Malt house worth about/. 10 a Year, Part of which is oceup ed by John Parker, worth about 10s. a Year: That Parker's Name was upon the Rates for 1730, 1731, and 1752, but field paid the Rates for those Years:

That he was a Bankrupt about Eight Years ago: That he has not been molested by his Creduors since; and that he carries on the Malt Trade.

Jacob Rojkelley — Objection — John Tom said, That his

Cottage, of which he has been many Years in Possession, is not worth 10 s.a Year: That he has been in Possession of a Meadow within the Borough about Eight or Nine Years, Which is worth about i6j. a Year.

Frederick Julian laid. That s Cottage is not

worth 2 os.a Year.

Answer — Nicholas Francis laid, That paid

the Rates for 1751 and 1732, being rated by Name; and that he had been lo rated before: That he has a House of 30 a. a Year Value.

Anthony Grosse — Objection: John Tom said. That his Cottage is worth about 13s. a Year: And Fredrick - . lian said, That it was not worth 20a. a Y car.

Answer — Nicholas Francis laid. That it was worth about 4OJ. a Year, and that he paid the Rates for 1751 and 1752:

That there are worse Houses rated in Mitchell than either Rofkellys or Grofic's.

Sir Richard Vyvyan — Objection — Francis Robinson said. That he has received the Rents of the Vyvyan Eflare in Mitchell tt Years: That they amount to 12 or/. 13 a Year lelerved Rent: That he has always accounted for the Rents to the lady Dowager; gives the Re-

ceipts in her Name, and pays the Chief Rent to the h:gh Lord in her Name:

That during the Life-time of Sir Francis Vyvyan the Courts were held in his Name, and have been held in the Name of Sir Richard since he came of Age.

Mr. Richard Williams said. That he never heard of a mesne Lord being admitted before lie was presented by the Homage, except Sir Richard Vyvyan: That Mr.

HuJJey infilled, that Sir Richard's being called over as Heir to Sir Francis was equal to Presentment; and thereupon he was admitted by the Steward, who was nflt well acquainted with the Custom of the Borough, and yielded to the Opinion of Mr. Hufiey, as the better Lawyer: That the People then present laid, they never knew any thing of that kind done before.

Answer — Joseph Hawkey laid, That he has carefully examined all the Court Rolls of the Borough of Mite hell-, and that there is no Instance of the Jury’s presenting, the Heir of a mesne Lord, till that of Lord Falmouth in the Year 1753.

Then to shew that the Heirs of mesne Lords have been admitted without being presented,

Several of the Court Rolls were read; by which it appeared, That,

On the 7th of November 1697 William Gully was presented as Portreve.

12 tli

a8 Geo. IL I40 — 250 M263

nth of January 1688, Francis Gtd/y Was presented as Portreve.

2.6th ot‘ October 1689, Francis Gully continued Portreve.

15th of October 1690, the Jury presented Timothy Gully to be Portreve for the Year ensuing, and presented the Death of Francis Gully.

A Lease and Release was read, dated 29th and 30th of September 1724; by which Dame Mary conveys

all her Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Mitchell, to Sir Francis Vyvyan, and his Heirs, for

ever.

It was admitted^That Sir Fran had been pre-

fented and acted as Portreve; and it appears, that his Death was presented on the a6th of October 1746.

The Counsel for the Sitting Members, in their Reply, in tilted that they had proved that Sir Richard Vyvyan is not in Possession.

In order to add One to the Poll for the Sitting Members,

Richard Benney — John Rogers laid, That in March last he lett him a Meadow at the Rent ofj£. 3 a Year: That the Lease was to commence from the Michaelmas preceding: That there was Wheat in the Meadow when he Jett it, and the Tenant was to have the Crop: That he came into the Borough loon after, and lodged at mond Crocker's, where he lodges Hill.

It was admitted, that he was upon the Two last Rates; and Michael Allen proved, thathepaid the Rate for 1753.

Answer — Daniel Bampfield said, That the Green C/oJe, Part of Staple's Tenement, for which Benney, offered his

Vote, was in the Possession of Rogers, and that on the 15th of January last he manured it: That Benney said hedid not bargain for it till after the of the Writ.

Charles Roberts said. That Richard Benney lives at Nan-heUan, a Mile from Nevelyn and t hat he ulld to be with Francis Free at Nevelyn about the Time of the Election.

John Kendall said. That Benney, about a Fortnight before the Election, left his Habitation at , to go

to Mitchell: That he told the Witness, that Michael Allen took him out of his Bed at Ten of the Clock at Night, to carry him to Mitchell to vote j and that he was to have Ground of Mr. Rogers to vote for: That he worked with the Witness a Fortnight after the Election; and that he said Mr. Rogers reproved him for not having said, at the Poll, what he would have had him say.

Joseph Hawkey laid, That Richard Benney was dilal-lowed at the Poll, because he owped that he came into the Tenement for which he offered to vote after the Teste of the Writ.

Upon the whole Matter the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Rcfclved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That Robot Clive Esquire is duly elected a Burge fs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Mid-sholl otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Stephenson Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this j resent Parliament for the Borough of Mid-$<5.'/otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Robert Clive Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midjholl, otherwise in the County of Cornwall;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the |r8j.

Tellers for the Noes,* J20?'

So it passed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, Thar the House doth agree with the Committee, Vot. 27.

in the said Resolution, That John Stephenson Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Midjholl otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Simon Luttrell Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Midjhollotherwise Mitchell;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the f*°'»

Tellers for the Noes. j }‘78'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That Richard Hujfey Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of MidftoU otherwise Mitchell.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do at^ tend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Midjholl otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Carnival/, by rating out the Names of Robert Clive Esquire, and John Stephenson Esquire, and inserting the Names of Simon Luttrell Esquire, and Richard

HnJJey Esquire, instead thereof.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for the dividing and inclosing a certain Common and waste Lands called Bentham Moor, lying within the Parish of Bentham, in the West Riding of the County of York, be read a Second time upon this Day Fortnight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon theingrofled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for difloiving the Marriage of Richard Morgan Esquire, with Anne Hall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Owners and Mailers of Ships, and Pilots, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the several other Petitions relating to the Harbour of Ramsgate, were referred; be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confulcr further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Shipping, was referred.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 25° die Mar tit;

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755 Prayers.

MR. Berkeley reported from the Cotnmittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing an Exchange of divers Lands and Tythes in Myton> in the County of York, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, pursuant to an Agreement between the Lord Archbishop of York as

Appropriate

fienthim*

lie.

Inclosure#

Morgan*

Divorce*

Ramsgate

harbour.

Prefertation

of

Highways,

&c.

Whale

Fiftiery.

Cortimittee

of

Privileges*

Exchange

of Lands in

My ton.

264

2 5° Ma

.1755*

Appropriator, the Bishop of Norwich, Lessee of the Rectory, and Henry Herd, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church, and Sir Bryan Siapylton, Lord of the Manor, of Myton aforesaid, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

MidfWil The Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attending, according Election, to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of foil otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall.

The House being informed, That Mr. ‘Thomas Stephens attended at the Door;

Stephen’s He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Mamnafiure Jjoufej purhunt to their Order, a Declaration of several Pot Ash. Merchants, Planters and others, concerning the Manufacture of Pot and Pearl Ash in his Majesty’s Plantations in America, dated 26th November 1753.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Declaration was read; and is as follow* eth; viz.

Whereas it has beenrequested of us to declare our Opinion concerning the Manufactory of Pot and Pearl Ash in the American Colonies belonging to this Crown, we the underwritten Merchants, Planters, and others, trading to, and interested in, his Majesty’s Plantations in America, do hereby declare. That it doth not appear to us, that either Pot or Pearl Ash are made there since the late Indulgence granted by Parliament, in greater Quantities than before.

Further That we know not of any Importation made here of those Commodities from America except small Quantities, as Trials, which have always proved deficient in some respect or other.

We are of Opinion that the ill Success of this Manufacture in the Plantations is owing to the Want of Know-lege in the Method of making the same; and that all due Encouragement should be given £>r the Removal of this Impediment; inasmuch as the Interest of his Majesty’s Subjects, and particularly our own, is concerned in the Cultivation of lo necessary a Commodity; by means of which a new Article of Returns may be made to us from North America for the Goods we lend there, for want of which our Trade is oftentimes very much circumlcribed.

London, 26th November 1753.

Sa. Waldo, Thomas Hyam,

Wm. Thomson, Rickard Partridge,

Wm. WoodAlexander,

Rog. PriceRichard

Jacob Ayer, John W William , Thomas

£ George E John

Barlow Trecothick, Richard Joseph Mico, Stephen

Thomas Jer. Fonce,

John BarreRobert

John NicklBland, Samuel Sparrow, Charles Wright,

Moses Franks, J. Hanbury,

Flo. Vassall, Da. Barclay,

Sheldon , John Thomlinfon, Samuel Lloyd,

The said Mr. Stephens was again called in; and exa-m.ned in relation to the said Declaration.

And then he again withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Declaration be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to co.ifider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas was referred.

Expiring

Law*;.

Thefts,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the BUI to continue an Act, passed in the 25th

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punching Persons keeping disorderly Houses, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for the more effectual Execution of an Act, passed in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for the more eaiy convicting

Persons selling Ale and other Liquors without Licence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to prohibit the Sale of any Sort of Fish within a certain DistanCe from the Ground allotted for holding the Fiih Matket at Westminster, as shall be limited without Licence from the Trustees of the said Market, lave and except in the said Market.

An ingrafted Biilforrepairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchcfer by a Place called the Smithy, in the Tuwnship of to the Town of

Rochdale; and from the said Place called the White Smithy, by a Place called Bef'es of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and from the said Place called BcJJ'es of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine ot Lancaster; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Mane kef er., by a Place called the White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfal, to the Town of Rochdale; and from the said Place called the White Smithy, by a Place called BeJJes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and from the said Place called BeJJes of the Barn to Rad-cliff e Bridge, in the County Palatine of

Ordered, That Mr. Hardman do carry the Bill to the ' Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for the amending, widening, and repairing, the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Ottley, in the same Riding and from thence through Skipton, in the same Riding, to Colne, in the County of Lancaster, and from thence through Burnley and Blackburn to Burscough Bridge in Walton, in the county of ; and from

Skipton aforesaid, through Gijband to Preston, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton aforesaid to Carperby, in the North Riding of the County of York; was lead the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposedto be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr 66. L. 2. To leave out " One hundred," and insert Fifty

L. 5. To leave out Three," and insert

Two."

And the said Amendmentswere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge in , in the County of

Lancaster\ and from Skipton, through Gisburn and Clitheroe, to Prefon, in the said County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr-Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement for inclosing Ofmotherley Moor, or Common, in the County of York, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, without any Amendment: And also.

The

M.irchester,

&c.

Road.

Leeds

to

Ottley, &c. Roads.

Ofmothrr!^'

Inclosure

28 Geo. II. 250 Martii. 265

Hawling The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lndolure. for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields within the Manor and Parish of Hawling, in the County oiGloucester, without any Amendment: And also,

Brea It on The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Inclosure. dividing and inclosing Br Cow Pasture, in the County of Derby: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

Qualifying Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to lor Ginas, indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves &t- for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: and that Mr. Stanley and Mr. Hay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Briiifli Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Herring of tjlc whole House, to whom the Bill for further ex-.i.iery. p]a|ning) amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishay, and for giving further Encouragement for the carrying on the said Fishery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed. That they have P wer to receive a Clause or Clauses to prevent any Difficulties in atcertaining, getting in, and receiving, all such Sums of Money as shall for the future become due and payable by Law as a Duty of Six Pence per M nth, from all Seamen woo are or shall be employed in the Service of the British White Herring Fishery, for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich.

Bramgi'n’s The Lord Barrington reported from the Committee, Mutes, to whom the mgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the left led Estate of Edmund Bram-ston Esquire, and Henrietta Maria, his Wife, in Trustees, for raffing several Sums of Money for discharging Portions charged upon the same j and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their ..Consent to the Bill, to the Satistaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and male several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read ;and are as followeth; viz.. Pr. 2t. L. 31. Leave out " Wickham Pr. 22. L. 27. After " expressed," insert " and not " fold or conveyed, or agreed to be sold and conveyed, " to the said Sir Martin Wright and Joseph Portal, and " their Heirs vespectively, as aforesaid

Pr. 35. L. 8. After " inlert " and

" etta Maria his Wife."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question ievcraily put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

"Mellace

frnnnhe

king.

Mr. Secretary Robinfonacquainted the House, That he

had a Message from his Majesty to this House, ligned by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members being uncovered); and is as followeth viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, having, at the Beginning of this Session declared, that his principal Object was to preserve the publick Tranquility, and at the same time to protest those Possessions which make one great Source of the Commerce and Wealth of his Kingdoms, now finds it necessary to acquaint the House of Commons, That the present Situation of Affairs makes it requisite to augment his Forces by Sea and Land, and to take such other Measures as may best tend to preserve the general Peace of Vol. 27,

Europe, and to secure the just Rights and Possessions of his Crown in America, as well as to repell any Attempts whatsoever that may be made to support or countenance any Dftigns which may be formed against his Majesty and his Kingdoms; and his Majesty doubts not but his faithful Commons, on whole Affection and Zeal he entirely relies, will enable him to make such Augmentations, and to take such Measures for the Support of the Honour of his Crown, and the true Interests of his People, and for the Security of his Dominions in the present critical Conjuncture, as the Exigency of Affairs may require; in doing which, his Majesty will have as much Regard to the Eale of his good Subjects as shall be confident with their Safety and Welfare. G. R.

Resolved, neminecontradicenie. That an humble Ad-

drels be prelenied to his Majesty, to return him the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Message; and to express the entire Confidence this House has in his Majesty’s constant Attention to preserve the publicTranquillity, to maintain the Commerce and true Interests of his People, and to secure the just Rights and Possessions of his Crown against all Attempts whatlocver; to assure his Majesty, that his faithful Commons will, with the utmost Zealand Affection for his Royal Person, Family, and Government, effect ually enable his Majesty to make such Augmentation of his Forces by Sea and Land, and to take such Measures for the Security of his Dominions, the Trade and Commerce of his People, and the just Rights and Possessions of his Crown, as shall be found necessary in the present Conjuncture; and that they will, with the greatest Vigour and Kesolution, (land by and support his Majesty in repelling every Attempt that may be made to countenance or support any Designs which may be formed against his Majesty and his Kingdoms.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Most honourable Privy-Council do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure, whenhc will be attended by this House

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relat ing to the Trade to Africa;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Hou;e, to consider further of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and~Preler\ation of the pub ic Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws releting thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Phillips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Phillips reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had tiirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the tame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn'ng, refo've itself into a Committee of the whoie House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom

3 Y the

Address on the Mdlagfe

Africa a Company.

Preservation

of

Highways, &c. '

Whale Fishery*

2,6

250 — 26° Martii. 1755.

the Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Shipping, was referred.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

African Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom-

Company. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to , and of the several Paperswhich have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were severally ordered to attend the said Commit t<fe this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° Martii',

Walter’*

E dates.

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755.

Prat ers.

MR. Medlycott reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Edward Walter Esquire, and divers other Personsclaiming under the Wills of his Grand-. father and Brotherrespectively, to makeLeafcsofthcfeveral Lands and Hereditaments purchased and to be purchased since the Will of Peter Walter the Grandfather, and in pursuance of the fame, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Religion; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee of the Company of Mer- African chants trading to Africa do forth with lay before this Fernand House Copies of the lait Letters they have received from Seitlemena the Governor of Cape Coast Castle on the Coall of Africa, or from any other their Correspondents there.

Ordered, That the said Committee do lay before this House an Account of the Application of the Sum of £. 10,000 granted to them the last Session of Pari iainent, distinguishing the several Places to which the same has been sent, and Copies of the Letters to their several Officers, respeding the Disposal thereof.

Ordered, That the said Committee do lay before this House Copies of the Contracts made with the Captains or Owners of the several Ships or Vessels that carried out Stores for rebuilding the Fort at Annamaboe.

The Earl of Rill (borough reported to the House, That Timeip. his Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the pointed for Order of (Yesterday, humbly to know his Majesty’s Pica- ^,vint> lure when he would be attended by this House,) had been rtl5' pleased to appoint to be attended immediately, at his Palace of St. James.

And then the House adjourned till Half an Hour after Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Exchange An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of Lands for establishing an Exchange of divers Lands and Tythes Myt0r.. *n Myton, in the County of York, for other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County, pursuant to an Agreement between the Lord Archbishop of York as Appro-priator, the Bishop of Norwich Lessee of the Rectory, and Henry Herd Clerk, V icar of the Parish Church, and Sir Bryan Stapy/ton Lord of the Manor, of Myton aforesaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Post Meridiem.

MR. Speaker reported. That the House had attended The King's his Majesty with their Address; to which his Ma- Answer jesty was pleated to give this most gracious Answer: 10 Addreli’

Gentlemen,

1 return you my Thanks for this very (easonable and affeftionate Address: The Chearfulness and Unanimity with w'hich you have assured me of your Zeal and Rcadi-ness to enable me to maintain the just Rights of myCrown, and the Interests of my Subjects, give me the greatest Satis fast ion; and you may rely upon my belt Endeavours to attain the great and national Ends which are so eflea-tially necessary to the Welfare of my People.

Kreadon An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing Breaston Cow Pallure, in the County of Derby, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fremeaux’* Mr. Hardiige reported from the Committee, to whom J ‘'t- the Bill for naturalizing Peter John Adriana

Constantia Fremeaux, Elizabeth Fremeaux, Maria Catharina Fremeaux, and Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux who are all Infants under the Age of Eighteen Years, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and had likewise examined James Fremeaux, the Father of the said Infants, who proved to the Committee, That the said Adriana Constantia Fremeaux, was of the Age of Sixteen Years, and no more; and that the said Elizabeth Fremeaux was of the Age of Thirteen Years, and no more; and that the said Peter John Fremeaux was of the Age of Twelve Years, and no more; and that the said Maria Catherina Fremeaux was of the Age of Ten Years, and no more; and that the said Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux was of the Age of Five Years, and no more; and that the several Infants had been educated in the Protestant ‘J

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act BramlW* for veiling the settled Estate of Edmund Bramston Esquire, and Henrietta Maria, his Wife, in Trustees for raising several Sums of Money for discharging Portions charged upon the fame; and {brother Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill to en- Building able the Reverend William MarkhamDoftor of Laws, in Thomas Sailer Esquire, and others, to build Houses, and weitmiafo. open a Square, in and upon a certain Piece of Ground, called Dean’s Yard, Westminster, and several Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto, be now read the Third time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, hav-vingbeen informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives

his

2.8 Geo. II. 26° Mar 267

his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. Then the said Bill^vas read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally propol'ed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 22. After " to insert " Abraham

" Farley Esquire

Pr. 7. L. 8. After " Smith" to insert " Henry Stra- chey

Pr. 33. L. 3. To leave out " and their several Estates." And the said Amendments were.upon theQuestion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act, to enable the reverend Doctor

of Laws, and Thomas Salter Esquire, to build Houses, and open a Square in and upon a certain Piece of Ground called Dean sTarJ, Westminster, and several Pieces ot

Ground contiguous thereto.

Ordered, fh it the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by - Mr. and Mr.

Hoiford:

Mr. Speaker,

CaWecot's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estates. charging the settled and unsettled Estates of Gilbert Cal decot Esquire with lading Money to pay his Debts and Incumbrances, and for limiting his unfettied Estate, so charged, to the Uiesof his Marriage Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concur)ence of this House: And also.

Dike's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituLd, An Act for ElUte, veiling the Manor of North and divers Lands

and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, the Eft ate of Francis Clerke Esquire, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same to raise Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

! Qualifying Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Or-1 for Ortites, der, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to: &c* quality themselves lor Offices and Promotions within the

1 Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for

that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the I Full time.

j Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

I Manufacture A Petition of James Crofbic of , John Baker

I ot of Manchester, John Gordon, of Alexander and

- Y°l John Barker of Edcnfor, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioner John Baker, having found out a Method of making fine Pot or Pearl Allies, he and the other Petitioners did, in the Year 1751,

obtain his Majesty’s Patent, in the Names of John Baker

I and John Barker, for the foie making of fine Pot or

Pearl Allies in America, for Fourteen Years; and that the Petitioners let up a large Work at Philadelphia in vania; and imported from thence, in December 17 53, 'Pen thousand Eight hundred Sixty-four Pounds; and, in June . 1754, Eight thousand Sixty-five Pounds; and, in October

I 1754, Seven thousand Five-hundred Forty eight Pounds,

of fine Pot or Pearl Allies, made there by the Agents of the Petitioners; and expect to import from the same Works, within this Year, upwards of One hundred thousand Pounds; and that the Petitioners have ordered Works ’ to be erected at Frederic in Rappahanack River,

Virginia, and have expended upwards of £. 3,000; and doubt not bringing the Allies made by them to such Per-' lection, that in time our own Plantations may supply the

Conliimption of Great Britain and Ireland: And reciting: the Petition of Thomas Stephens, which was presented to

the House upon Friday the 28th Day of February last,

relating to the Works erected by him for making Pot ' Voi. 27.

Allies: And praying. That; nothing may be done to the Prejudice of the Patent granted to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of tlieC. mmittee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Stephens was referred.

A Petition of several Freeholders, Farmers, Grafiers, Ufeleft and Breeders of Cattle, in the County of Wilts, in behalf an^ of themselves, and others the Farmers, Grafiers, and unJJ^ar5r Breeders of Cattle in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read j complaining of Mischiets occasioned by the great Number of Dogs now kept, and differed to go at large, in this Kingdom: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consider ation (jf the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Bill to avoid and prevent inconveniencies. Damages, and Mischiefs, occasioned by the Multiplicity of ulelefe and unnecessary Dogs.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, in African the City of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Company, alleging, That the present Law, constituting a free and open African Company, is the bell that can be established; and that the Trade to Africa has flourillied more since that Law than it overdid before, or p flibly can do, under a joint Stock Company: And expressing the H pe of the Petition' :-, That no Alteration may be made in the said Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee 0! the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been pre-ftiued to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, ref five itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read according1/;

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " 1754 — Copy of " t: e Ninth and Tenth Account of the Receipts and " Disbursements otjohn Tweddel Gentleman, Clerk and

" Treasurer to and for the Commissioners and Trustees " nominated and appointed for putting in execution an " Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s " Reign, for making and repairing the Road from the " City of Car/ife to the Town of Newcastle upon " so far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road " wiiicl. 1 es in the County of Nbe referred to ihe laid Committee.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " 17.54 — Copies " of the several Acts and Proceedings, made by the Commissioners and Trustees; and also the Account of the " Receipts and Disbursements ot George Pattinson Gentleman, Treasurer to and for the said Commissioners " and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in " execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Rign " of his present Majesty, for making and repairing the " Road from the City of Carlifeto the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, fofaras the same relates to that Part " of the said Road which lies in the County of -

" land' be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered,

Stephens's Manufacture of Pot Ash.

Wtyi

and Means.

UCelefi

and

unnecessary

Do^s.

British

Herring

Fishery.

Whale

FiHiery.

Committee

of

Privileges.

African

Company.

Caldecott

Estatei.

168 26° — 27 0 M 1755.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Stephens was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply grantcu to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furtherof the Rill toavoid and preventInconve-niencies, Damages, and Mischiefs, occasioned by the Multiplicity of useless and unnecessary Dogs;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seve-night, resolve itself in to a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, and for giving further Encouragement for the carrying on the said Fishery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants and Owners of Shipping was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps have Leave to make a Motion; it being after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. William IVanfey do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner have Leave to makea Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for charging the settled and unsettled Estates of Gill/ert Caldecot Esquire, with railing Money to pay his Debts and Incumbrances, and for limiting his unsettled Estate, lo charged, to the Ulesof his Marriage settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge have Leave to make a ci-riw Motion. Eitatf.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of North IVefon, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, the Estate of Francis Cterke Esquire, in Trustees.in T'rust, to sell the same, to raise Money for Payment of Debts and Incum-. brances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,2 70 die Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

HpH E House being informed, That Mr. Poirur, Se- African JL cretary to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, containing Copies of a Letter from Thomas

Melvil to the Committee, October 30, 1754.

From William Husbands to the Committee, October 29,'

1754-

From John Apperley to the Committee, 30,

1754*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petit ionot t he Commit teeof the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa.

The said Paper is preservedamongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lieutenant General Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Pariftiioneis of NewChurch. the Parish of the Holy 'Trinity in *Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, to fell divers Houses, Lands, Rents, and Annuities, in the said Parish, and in Stoke next Guldeford aforesaid, and to apply the Money arising by Sale thereof towards rebuilding their Parish Church, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read* the Report vin his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; Colt's for veiling the settled Estate of Sir John Dutton Colt Ba- ^ftalcs1, ronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered,

2o Geo. IL 270 Martii.

269

Cra^ied, That Mr. ToUdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

\r4:sr‘s An ingrossxl Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ertaui* to impower Eduard Wa Esquire, and divers other Persons claiming under the Wills of his Grandfather and Brother, respectively, to makeLcafesof the several Lands and Hereditaments purchased, and to be purchased, since the Will of Peter Walter the Grandfather, and in purlu-ance of the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

M.inufAure Ordered, That Mr. Mdo carry the Bill to the

of Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed Pot Afl!e>- to t]ic fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, the Letters Patent lor the making of Pot and Pearl Allies, granted by his present Majesty to John Baker Ho-fier, and John Barker Soapboiler.

Whale Mr. Hardinge, according to Order, reported from the Fifiicry. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants arid Owners of Shipping was referred, the Resolutions, which the Committee had , directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at t lie Clerk’s Table: Where the fime were read; and are as followeth;

I Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Ships under the Burthen of Two hundred Tons , have, by Experience, been found fit to fish for Whales in

1 Davis's Straits and the Greenland Seas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bounties of Forty Shillings Ton, now given to Ships oi Two hundred Tons and upwards, be granted and paid to Ships under that Burthen, in proportion to; their Tonnage; Inch Ships conforming to the Regulations

prescribed to Ships ot Two hundred Tons.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending the several Acts of Parliament f made for the further Encouragement of the Whale

1 Fishery, carried on by his AIM city’s Subjects, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses,

} pursuant to the said Resolutiorts.

African Ordered, That Mr. William Gordon do this Day attend Company. (]le Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to , and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House I in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to

Africa.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

liolford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and amending the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through to Lane

End, in the County Palatine of without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Reversion of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, in Trust for Richard Croze Is Esquire, in Exchange for Houses and ] ands near his Majesty’s Palace of and for other

Confederation to be paid for the same, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the belter pre/enting Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places ot public Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping cli 1 orderly Houses, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clauseor Clauses, for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid lor the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for the filing cf Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards enabling his Majesty to augment his Forces by Sea and Land, and to take such Measures, for the Security of his Dominions, as may be necessary in the present Conjuncture.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards laying out, making, and keeping in Repair,a Road properfor the Passage of TYoops and Carriages from the City of to the Town of

Nexcastle upon Tyne.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

British

Herring

Fisher/.

Ordered, That Uae Order of the Day, for the House to refjlve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual; an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Brit White Herring Fishery, and forgiving further Encouragement for the carrying on the said Fishery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be now lead.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethel7 took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alderman Bethellreported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

Vol. 27.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore: And that Mr. ESir William Yonge and Mr. Charles To-xnshend, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Philipps, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act; for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act, was comm it ted, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the 1 louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

3 Z Ordered,

Codling

End,

&c.

Road.

Crowle’s Exchange ot Lands with the Crown.

Expiring Laws; The Its, ic.

Supply;

Regulating rl.e Marine Forces.

Frcfervntioa

of

Highway?,

& c/

27° Martii. — i" A prills.

/f

Ai.

rnr j

17aa

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon 'Tuesday Sevcnnight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as will be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Adjourn- Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the

went. House this Day, adjourn till Morning next.

Ramsgate Ordered, That the Order of the Day, For taking into Harbjur. Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, Owners and Maders of Ships, and Pilots, whose Namcsare thereunto subscribed; and also the several other Petitions relating to the Harbour of Ramsgate; were referred; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Whale The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Fishery. 'resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s Subjeifts;

Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

African The House resolved itfelfintoa Committee of the whole Company. House, to confer further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to , and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That

they had examined several other Witnesses, and made a 1 further Promefs in the Matter to them ickrrcd; and that

o

he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to (it again.

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition, and of the said several Papers.

Ordered, That Mr. J Roberts do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Sevcnnight.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wanfey do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Dacres do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Poole do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Will Cordon do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ditto.

Ordered, Tint the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships cleared out from Great Britain to the Coa(l of Africa, from the Year 1734 to the Year 1754; distinguishing each Year, and specifying the Ports from whence the said Ships have been cleared out, with the Tonnage of the fame, respectively.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

MercuricA J.. Afrilis;

Anno 28° Georgii II': Reg;.-, 1755.

Committfet

African

fcompanp

Bratton

Inclosure.

Prayers.

QRDER.ED, That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of the Gentleman, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, of the Town oi Kendal, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, Tinir, of late, the African Trade has greatly ilourished. and has been very beneficial to the said Town: And exprelung the Hope of the Petitioners, that the said Trade will remain still free and open, as it now (lands under the late Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House in this Sdiion oi Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa,

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Oswald Merchant, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Bread on Cow Failure, in the County of Derby, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thorn-hao/f. Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. E:\r:on, Mr. 1 orke.

Sir John Cud, Mr. Prozv/e, Mr. Mr. ('yhi'on,

Mr. Afleck, Mr. Hay, Mr. lynsr, Mr. Symwonds, Mr. llardinge, Mr. IVhichcot, Sir John FFyn-i, Colonel //’-court, Mr. OfwalJ, Sir John Philips, Sir Richard Lot-te/ton, Sir Francis Pool:, Mr. War burton, Mr. Sioper,

Mr. Gajhrx, Mr. Forrcsler, Mr. Mcdiycoti, Mr. Da foil,

Mr. Lxfer, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Coventry,

Sir Charles A1 or daunt, Mr. Banket, Mr. Sttndxs, Mr. Pond,

Sir Thomas Mcftyn, Mr. Alderman BethelI, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. More, Sir IVm. Owen, Sr I I'm, Calvert, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. K xnafton, Mr. Kent, Mr. Archer, Mr. Sa-lusbury, Mr. Townshend, Mr. IV Hies, Lord Verney, Lord Egmont; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Derby, Stafford, Nottingham, Turk, and li'arveiik:

And they are to meet tins Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for charging the settled and unsettled Mates of Gilbert Caldecot Esquire, with railing Money to pay his Debts and Incumbrances; and for limiting his unsettled Estates, so charged, to the Lies of his Marriage Settlement; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vsner,

Mr. Fe Howes, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Tyner junior, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Salu/bury, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Cole-bracke, Mr. llardinge, Mr. Northcy, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Prozzfe, Mr. For re per,

Mr. More, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Bond, Mr. Hey, Mr. Hex-ward, Sir Thomas Alcjlyn, Sir John Cud, Mr. Locke, Mr. Clevland, Sir IPm. Owen, Mr. Medlycct, Mr. Kynrf v/,

Mr. West, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Hammond Mr. L fie, Mr. lYhichcot, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Glmius, Mr.

Lysler, Mr. Pelham, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Carvert, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Gajhrx, Mr. S\inn:onds, ?dr.

Smith, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. AreLr, Sir Geo,

Lee, Mr. Affieck, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lascelles, Mr Gore,

Mr. TownjJiend, Mr. Curzon, Sir. Roger Newdlgate, Sir John Wynne; and all the Members w ho lerve for the Counties oi Lincoln, York, and Leice/Lr: Arid they are so meet this Afternoon at Five of the (dock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or OiTleers do pre- Accounts < pare, in order to be laid before this Houic: in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Bril'jh Goods and *c,'

Manu-

Cnl<lfcotf$

Estates*

l&innfaclure

of

scot Allies.

Kefervation

of

Highways,

&c.

Qualifying for Offices, &c.

Clerke’s

inflates.

i 8 Gko. II.

2° Apri.

Manufactures exported to Germany, from Lady-dry 1750, to Lady-day x 7 5 5 j distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all British Goods and Manufactures exported to Holland, from Lady-day 1756 to Lady-day 1755; diflingtiishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Goods imported from the East and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported, which were re-exported to Germany, from Lady-day 1750 to Lady-day 1755; distinguishing each Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do pre: pare, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of ajl Goods imported from the East and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported* which were re-exported to Holland, From Lady-day 175c to Lady-day 1755; distinguishing each Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods.

The House being informed* That the Letters Patent for the making of Pot and Pearl Allies, granted by his present Majesty to John Baker Holler, and John Barker Soapboiler, which were ordered to be laid before the House, are in the Hands of the Patentees;

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, a Copy of the Inrollment of the said Letters Patent.

A Petition of many of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Rife of ihC Price of Carriage is owing to narrow Wheel Carriages railing Ridges and cutting the Roads, so as to make it impossible for broad Wheel Carriages to draw Vac tame Quantity of Goods as otherwise they would do; and that it broad Wheels were generally uied, the Roads would daily become better, and the Price of Carriage considerably cheaper than ever it hath been: And therefore expressing the I lope of the Petitioners, that the Bill, depending in the House, for amending; and enforcing the late Act for the Amendment and

O B o

Prdervation of the publicllighways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, will pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, tintil the Report frGm the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into Consideration.

A Bill to indemnify Persons Who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of North Weston, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, the Estate of Francis Clerke Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, to raise Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affvfting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hard-inge, Col, Cornzvallis, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Daljron, Mr. West, Mr, Bond, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Eger ton. Sir Wnt.

VOL. 27.

Calvert, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Tlmnillzn, Mr. Coventry], Sir Francis Pocle, Mr. Any and, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Archer; Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hayzvard, Mr. Ch/ebrooke, Mr. GoJ/rry, Mr. Page, Mr. More, Mr. Gore, Mr. Merits cot, Mr. O Indus, Mr. Northey, Mr. Prcvjfe, Sir Charles JM or daunt, Mr. Potter, Sir John G/ynne, Mr. Crefu'dl, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ofvoald, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Affl Mr. Powiiey, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Mr.

IV1 r. Torke, Mr. Bankes, Mr. , Mr. L ends. Lord

Verney, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Calvert, Lord Bateman, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lafcdles, Mr. Tozvnpend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Morton, Mr. Harris, Sir John Wynne, Lord Malpas; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of O.v- -ford, Bucks, Berks, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber*

An mgrolfed Bill for naturalizing Peter John Frerncaux, £remean*'* Adriana Con ft anti a Fremeaux, Elizabeth Frerncaux, Maria Catherina Frerncaux, and Gertruda Johanna Frcmeaux, who are all Infants under the Age of Eighteen Years, was read rlie Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Peter John Frerncaux, Adriana Constanria Frerncaux, Elizabeth Frerncaux, Maria Cat he-rina Frerncaux, and Gertruda Jol: arm a Frerncaux, who are all Infants under the Age of Eighteen Years.

Ordered, That Mr. llardinge do carry tire Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Air. Hammond presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Churchwardens, Oveilcers, and Inhabitants of the Pari 111 of Si. Saviour's, in the Co-rough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Farish, hot interfering with the high Street in the said Borough: And the same was re-

O O

criived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being infortned, That Mr. Frewcn, One Alaniriafturt of the Clerks of the Petty Bag Office, attended at the p0t Athe* Door;

He was called in and, at the Bar, presented to the Houic, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of the Inrollment of Letters Patent granted to John Baker and John Barker, for the making of line Pot Allies, commonly called Pearl Alhcs, dated 18th April,

24th Year of King George the Second.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Pet ition of Thomas Stephens was referred.

The said Copy is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

o 3

Nat.

Southward

Market.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Stephens was referred*;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Stephens*

Maiuitaftiu'e

of

Pot Ash.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- 'V;1v<!

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole S!'1 House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The

G-

2° — Aprilis. 1755.

Stephens’s The House resolved itself into a (Committee of the an Uof UrC whole House, to consider of the Report from the Com-Pot Ath. mittee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Stephens was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Calvert took the Chair of the Committee. And the Committee having been told, and 40 Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker (without a Question first put) till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Africa, by the Committee of the Company of Merchai ts trading to Africa.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Jovisy 30 die;

Anno 27* Georgii ILal Regis, 1755. Prayers.

Guldeford flRDERED, That the Order of the Day, fortaking into

New Church. Confederation the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of the Holy Trinity in Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, to fell divers Houses, Lands, Rents, and Annuities, in the said Parish, and in Stoke next aforesaid, and to

apply the Money arising by Sale thereof towards rebuilding their Parish Church, was committed, be now read. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

African The House being informed, That Mr. Poirier, Secre-Company. tary ^e Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Application of the Sum of £.1 0,000 granted to the Committee of the Company cf Merchants trading to Africa, the last Session of Parliament; distinguishing the several Places to which the same has been sent.

2. Copies of Letters from the Committee, &c. to their several Officers on the Coast of Africa, by the Ships which carried out their Goods and Stores to the Coast, ' and others; viz.

To Thomas Melvil, 1 ft 17 54, by the Hanover

Planter, Captain Breading.

John Apperley, iff; Ditto, by Ditto.

James Skinner and Council, 30th by Prince Ed-

ward, Captain Bojlock.

John Apperley, 4th September, by the Bafnett, Captain Lefslic.

Thomas Melvil, 7th Ditto, Ditto.

James Skinner and Council, 24th Ditto, Good Hope, Captain Bray.

Ditto and Ditto, 31st October, Gosport Man of War, Captain Edivards.

Thomas Melvil, Ditto, Ditto.

Ditto, 5 November, Spencer Frigate, Captain Long. John Apperley, 6 Ditto, Ditto.

Joseph Hamer, Ditto, Ditto.

James Skinner and Council, Ditto, Ditto.

Ditto 16 January 1755, Leon, Captain Crockat.

Thomas Melvil, 12 February Ditto, via Bristol and Liverpool.

James Skinner and Council, Ditto, via Pool.

3. Copies of Contracts made with the Owners or Masters of Ships to carry Goods and Stores to the Coast of

19

Mr. Ellis presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second t ime.

Mr. Alderman Bethell, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragemenc oft lie British White I ierring Fishery, and forgiving further Encouragement for the carrying on the said Fisherv; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Repost in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were or.ee read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the 1 louie.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louie, upon the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Richard Esquire, with

Anne Hall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louie, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to avoid and prevent Inconveniences, Damages, and Mischiefs, occasioned by the Multiplicity of useless and unnecessary Dogs;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mcrni ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, altering, continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Seventeenth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Co '-shill, in the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Sic :e, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for enlarging the Term and Powers in the said several Acts; without any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called the White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpfal, to the Town of Rochdale; and

from

Regulating the Marit.e Forets.

Britflh

Herring

Fishery.

Morgan's

Divorce.

Useless

and

unneceflaiy

Dogs.

Coleshill

through

Litchtuid

Road.

Manchefor,

&c.

Roads-

2 8 Geo. II. 3 — 4'

from the said Place called the White Smithy, by a Place called Beffes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and from the said Place called Bejfes of the Barn to in the County Palatine ot without any Amend-

ment: And ailo,

Rochdale, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c for repairing and widening the Hoad from Rochdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster, wit hout any Amendment: And alfu,

Sanlwich The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridge. for building a Bride'e over the Water or Haven between

© O

the Town of Sandwich and the opposite Shore, in the Cuumy of Kent, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ramsgate The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Peiii ion of several Merchants, Owners and Masters of Ships, and Pilots, whole Names are thereunto subscribedj and also the several other Petitions relating to the Harbour of Ramfgatej were referred;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the fdd Report.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Captain Frankland took, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

.Captam Frankland reported from the Committee, That

he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an bumble Address be prefrnted to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to properand Ikiltui Persons, such as his Majesty shall think fit to appoint, to repair to the Town of and to

view the Works for making a Harbour there, and to make a survey of the said Works, and to give their Opinion thereupon, and what may be the 1110ft proper Plan for the finishing and completing the said Harbour, and to make an. Estimate of the Expence thereof; and that his Majesty will be graciously pleased to cause such Plan or Wans, and Estimate, together with an Account of all the Proceedings of the said Persons, so to be appointed, to be laid before this House in the next Session 01 Parliament.

And Captain Frankland moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to proper and ikilful Persons, such as his Majesty shall think fit to appoint, to repair to the Town of Rams-gate, and to view the Works for making a Harbour there, and to make a Survey of the said Works, and to give their Opinion thereupon, and what may be the most proper Plan for the finishing and completing the said Harbour, and to make an Estimate of the Expence thereof; and that his Majesty will be graciously pleased to cause such Plan or Plans, and Estimate, together with an Account of all the Proceedings of the said Persons, so to be appointed, to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the find Address be presented to his Mt-j -fty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Ciock.

Vol. 27.

Jprilis, 373

Venerist 4* die Aprilis;

Anno 2 S’ Georgii II41 Regis, 1755. Prayers.

SI R Willoughby Aston reported from the Committed, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fi r confirming and establishing an Exchange of divers Lands in Little Leake, in the County of Nottingham, pursuant to an Agreement between Francis I, r i Middleton and Robert Bird Esquire; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to ne Sati.Taction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, infituled, An Act for the better Supply of Marine s and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of Wa , and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Privateers, might be read. And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners end Seamen t j ltrve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Shins and Vessels: o\nd that Mr. -wald, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Alderman Beckfqrd, Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Charles Tozvnftiend, and Mr. Ellis, do prepare, ?nd bring

in, the fame.

A Bill for the Regulation of his Maje%*S Marine Forces, while on Shore, w'as read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn^ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending -the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Ordpr of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa; Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Commitiee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who, have omiited to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Commi.tce of the whole an<* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

4 A The

Little

Leake

Exctiarge of Land.

Supplying

of

Mariners

and

Seamen.

Regulating the Marine Forces.

Whale

Fishery.

.African

Company.

Qualifying for O hecs, &c.

Supply.

Way.

Meant*

African

Company*

Little Leake Exchange of Lan<L.

Qualifying /or Offices, *c.

Morgan’s

Dirorce.

Ipleless

and

unneceiTiicy

Do^.

274

4® — 5° — 7*

A. 1755.

The postponed Order of the'Day being read;

The House refblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reiumed the Chair.

And the Committee having been told, and 40 Members not being present;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Sahbati, 5® die;

Anno 28® Georgii IP* Regis, 1755, Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange of divers Lands in Little Leake, in the County of Nottingham,

pursuant to an Agreement between Francis Lord Middle-ion and Robert Bird Esquire; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Willoughby Aston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to telolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that *Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itleif Into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for difiolving the Marriage of Richard Morgan Esquire, with Anne Hall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Earl of Shelburne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

The Earl of Shelburne reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Council or Party appeared against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill i and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to avoid and prevent Inconveniences, Damages, and Mischiefs, occasioned by the Multiplicity of useless and unnecessary Dogs; Notice was taken that 40.Members were not present. Whereupon the House was told by Mr. Speaker.

And 40 Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luncey 7° die Aprilis;

Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

MR. Stanley, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole Houic, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Office and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed. That Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Customs in attended at

the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Corn, distinguishing the Species Accmm thereof, exported from that Part of Great Britain called to*-Scotland, from Christmas 1750, to Christmas 1754; distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of the Bounty paid thereon, and also the Names of the Ports from and to which the same were exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Scuion.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, Expiring to whom the Bill to continue an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better c preventingTheiti a id Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punching Persons keeping disorderly Houses, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, more effectually to prevent the burning, or otherwise deftrojing, of Gofs, Furze, or Fern, in Forests and Chaces.

A Bill to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Southwark Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Saviour’s, in the Borough Market, of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hammond, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Gore. Mr.

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hay, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Archer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bagot, Lord Lord Howe,

Mr. Tucker, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Probyn,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. , Mr.

Gafhry, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Mr. Salvf-

bury, Sir Hen. Erskine, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bankes, Mr.

Pitt;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sujex, and Kent, the Cinque Ports, the City of London, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered,

Bentham,

&:c.

Inclol'ure.

Ramsgate

Jiarbour.

Regulating the Marine Forces.

Ways ind Means

Wp'y-

Oxford

County

Election.

28 Geo. II.

70 — 8°

275’

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second due Election and double Return for the County of Ox Reading of the Bill for the dividing and inclosing a cer- and of the said double Return.

tain Common and waste Lands, called Bentham Moor, lying within the Parish of Benth, in the West Riding of the County of York, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Btil be read a Second time upon this Day Six Weeks.

The Earl of HUlfborough reported to the Hqufe, That their Address of Thursday last, in relation to the Harbour of Ramsgate, had been prefen ted to hi.' Majesty; and that

his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions as desired by the said Act-dress.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order bein^ read accordingly 5

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clevland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Clevland reported from the Co nmittee, That they had made some Progrets in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to COnlider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to ' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to tonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to Use laid Committee, That they do consider of the Surplus or Overplus Mo n es of the Duties and Revenues granted and continued by Two several Acts of the First and Second Years of his Majesty’s Reign, for the Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, that have arisen, or shall arise, from the Fifth Day of January 1755.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton report’d from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord IVenman and Sir James Dashwood, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and othec Freeholders of the County of Oxford, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, were heard by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Committee

of

Privilege*.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be Morning, now read.

And the fail Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mart is, 8° die Aprilis;

Anno 28* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1755. Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill for further explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, and for giving further Encouragement for the carrying on the said Fishery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery', and for giving further Encouragement for the carrying on the said Fishery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Bethell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Oswald presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-fiJer further of the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clevland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Clevland reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

A Message from the Lords, toy Mr. Burroughs and

Mr. Edivards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bijl, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the

British

Herring

FiChcry.

Supplying

ot

Mariners

and

Seamen.

Regulating the Marina Forces.

The other Order of the Day being read; b __________

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Town of Leedsfm the West Riding of the County of Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an uft- York, through Otley, Skipton, Colne, Burnley, and Black-Vo*. *7. turn.

Verb

to

Otley,

27*5 8° Jprilis 1755.

burn, to Burscough Bridge in the County of

Laura per; and from Skip onthrough and

therce, 10 Ptefhn, in the-laid County of with-

out any Amendment: And alb,

®"'’’(Vo:'’s The birds ii?.v£ agreed to the Amendments, mad? by " A'c' thi- House, to 'he bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled idbtc of Edmund Bramston Esquire, and 'Maria, his Wife, in Trustees, for raising (everat Sums of SI fry fordifeharoing Portions charged upon the lame; and for other Puipjfes therein nuntioned,

And then the tMelientzers withdrew.'

O

Wav*: Mr. Charlton, according to Older, reported from the and Me.uu, Committee of the whole H-aise, to whotfi it was referred to conllder further of Way5 and Means for raising the Supply g:anted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which ’ die Committee had dhefted him to report to the House

which he read in his PI ice; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Vyhere the same were read; and are as f llo.veth; viz.

Resolved, I'liat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, a Sum of Money, nor exceeding One million, be raised by way of Lottery, One hundred thousand Pounds thereof to be deducted for the Benefit of the Public, and the rema'ning Nine hundred thousand Pounds to be charged on the Pioduceof the Sinking Fund, at the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per , to commence from the:5th Day of January 1756; the Tickets to be Ten Pounds each, Two Pounds whereof to be paid down at the time of subscribing, by way of Deposit, such Subscription to be finally closed at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon of the 15th Day of this instant April; and that every Person be at Liberty to subscribe for any Number of Tickets; and in case a larger Sum than the said Million shall be subscribed within the said Term, a proportionable Reduction upon such Excess shall, as near as possible, be made out of each Subscriber's Share.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Surplus or Overplus Monies, which shall from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, of the Duties on Coals and Culm, granted and continued by an Act, of the First Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for the Sale of Annuities to the Bank of at Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and reserved by the said Act for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, shall, from and after the 5th Day of July 1755, be carried to, and make Part of, the Fund communly called the Sinking Fund.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Surplus or Overplus Monies which shall from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, of the Duties or Revenues, which by an Act of the Second Year of his Majesty’s Reign, were granted and continued for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England after the Rate of £.4 per.Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and reserved by the said Act for the Disposition of Parliament, after Satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, shall, from and after the 5th Day of July 1755, be carried to, and made Part of, the Fund commonly called the SjnkiflgFund.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, up >n the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Firit of thefujd Resolutions: Aid that Mr. Charlton, the Lord Dupplin, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exche-

Suer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Attorney. General, Mr. Solicitor leneral, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That public Notice be given of the said Resolution, and Be affixed at the Box a I and

printed in the London Ga; and that Books be forthwith opened at the Bank for receiving the said Sub* feription and Deposit.

20

A Motion being made, That the ingrossVd Bill to cn- Gul<Wnj able the Parishioners of the Parish of the Holy Trinity in NesrChurc:. Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, to fell clivers Houses,

Lands, Rents, and Annuities, in the said Parish, and in Stoke, next Guldeford aforesaid, and to apply the Money arising by Sale thereof towards rebuilding their Parish Church, be row read the Third time;

Mr. Secretary Robinson, by his Maje-fi.y’s -Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Content, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be,' An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of the Holy Trinity in Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, to fell divers Houses, Lands, Rents, and Annuities, in the said Parish, and in Stoke next Guldefordaforesaid, and to apply the Money arising by Sale thereof towards rebuilding their Parish Church; and Lr other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Lieutenant General Onfoiu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Afrcan relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of tire Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to he House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to

Ordered, That Mr. John Roberts do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Poole do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Piefcmtion Consideration the Report from the Committee of th? , whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made K:s£*ay5> in the 26th Year oPthe Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the I.aws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Thai; the said Ball be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rp, , c xr f Sir Nicholas Bailey, 7 -

Tellers for the Yeas, Mr> jjay: J ‘ "3-

mu r xt f Sir Charles Mor Jaunt, 1

Teller for the Noes,{ Mf J 59-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to a Selcft. Committee.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Mordaun, Sir John

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Northey, Sir Francis Dashwood, Lord Strange, Mr.

Cooke, Sir Geo. Lyttelton, Mr. O Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir John Mor, Colonel Corn-

wallis, Mr. Salusbury, Sir IVmBp. Mr. Marlin,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Crefwell, Lord Harley, Mr. For refer,

Mr. Lyjler, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sandys, Sir Roger -

digate, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Haldan, Mr. Bowes, Mr.

2orke, Mr. Palmer, Mr. W<.ft, Mr. Mr

Mr. Dicker, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hay, Sir Yonge, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir Thomas , Mr,

Stanley, Mr. Bayntun. Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. Wynne,

Mr. Amcotts, Sir Wm Rowley, Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Bankes, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. Sloper, Lord Malpas: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's. Chamber: And-all who come to the Committee; are to have Voices.

Ordered,

Geo. II.

8° Jpritis.

*77

"/Hie Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hotife Fi'.ii'-ry. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament trade for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rej'o/ved, That this House will, To-moirow Morning^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

i*

a

it i

y1

tc -

u

!1

j i

: - I

t3f

ft

(t;,

<r,

t

rl

t:

I-

The other Order of the Day being read;

Oxford The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the c,?!-n:v Matters of the fever&l Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Perurn for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord IVenman and Sir James Da/hzt'ocd, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, examined several Witnesses, in order to disprove the Charge brought by the Counsel on the other Side against several Persons alleged to have acted as Ageuts lor the said Lord hVenm&n and Sir James Daftivood; as having given Money to One Person to vote for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James DajliwGod; as having endeavoured by Threats to influence another Person to vote for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James Dashwood; and as having offered Money to several other Freeholders of the said County, in order to influence them to vote for the said Sir James Dashwood.

And they having produced the Letter, ligned by the said Sir James Dafhwoody in relation to which a W‘it nets had been examined by the Counsel on the other Side, as having seen the said Letter in the Hands of a Person who was alleged to have acted as an Agent for the said Sir James Dashvaood:

The laid Letter was read.

Then they produced Evidence in relation to the Tenure of certain customary Freeholders in the County of Wilts, whom the Counsel on the other Side had alleged to have voted in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said County.

And they having examined a Witness, in o:der to establish the vote of John Kent, who vor d for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James Dafkwcod, and \ horn die Counsel on the other Side had eudeavou cd to dif- ality, z-s not having a Freehold in the Par fh of C oi^rjli GiffcrcL where, at the time of the said Election, he (Wore hh Freehold did lie;

And the Evidence of the said Witurf? tending to prove that the said John Kent is in PoiLffian of a Fjcc-hold in the Pari 111 ot Newmham Mvrrcn, within the said County; and the said Witness having been examined in relation to the Name by which the Place, where the said Freehold lies, is commonly called;

The Counsel on the other Side objected to the giving of Evidence, as to the said John Kent's having an Ellate in Newenkam Murren, the Freehold for which he voted being entered on the Poll as situate in the Parish of Cromerjh Gifford.

And the Counsel far the said Lord IVenman and Sir James DaJJnvood, and fer the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, having been heard in Answer to that Objection j

And the Counsel on the other Side having replied to that Answer;

The Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

And the Question being pur, That the Counsel for the Lid Lord IVenman and Sir fames Da/Jruiood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, be admitted to give Evidence of the said John Kent's having any Freehold lying or being in any other Place than in the Farish of Cromerf; Gifford;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Vcl. 2jf.

Tellers for the Yeas f A$'c^ I r?

I eners for the I eas, f Mr>: \ 37*

Tll r i \t S Colonei Cornwallis, 7

Tellers for the Noes, { Mf J 9°-

Sdit passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in, and Mi*. Speaker acquainted them with the said Ref lution.

Then the Counsel lor the said Lo-d Woman and Sir James Dajliwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy,

and other Freeholders, of the County of , examined several Witnesses, in order to establish the Vote of One other Person who voted for the said Lord and Sir Jaines Dajlnvood, and whom the Counsel on the

other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And they having examined a Witness, in order to establish the Vote of Charles Taylor who voted

for the said Lord Wenman and Sir and

whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualifv, as not having any Freehold in the Hundred of Bitfield, for which Hundred the Booth or Polling

Place, in which he was admitted to vote, was allotted, and as not being aficlled to the Land Tax in the said Hundred.

And having also examined several Witnesses, in relation to the Parish, Liberty, and Hundred, in which the Freehold for which the said Charles Taylor Ballard voted at the said Eieftion, or feme Part of the said Freehold is fnuate, and in relation to the Division or Distriuft in which it is assessld to the Land Taxi

The Counsel on the other Side objected to the giving of Evidence as to the said Charles Taylor Ballard'% having a Freehold in any other Hundred than in the said Hundred of Binfield.

And the Counsel for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Oafwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy,

and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, having been heard in Answer to that Objcdion;

And the Counsel on the other S de having replied to that An'wer;

The Counsel on both S des withdrew.

And n- r: u‘ h of an Act, tr.adi in the 18th Year of his piellnt M.ijeftvV Reign, intituled, An Act to explain an i amend the Laws touching the Elections of Knights i/f the xShne to lime in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, as relates to the B oths or Polling Places at which the several Freeholders shall be r< fnrclively admitted to vote in Elections of Knights of the Shire, was -ea.l.

And the Qj ftion being put, That the Counsel for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James and for the

laid Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, be admitted to give Evidence in relation to any Freehold of the said Claries Taylor Ballard, lying or being in any other Hundred than in the said Hundred of BivfelJ;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

.Then the Counsel for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dafiveood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, examined several other Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to prove that Part of the Freehold, for which the said Charles Taylor Ballard voted above the Value of 40 per Annum, is situate within the said Huncin d of Bits eld, and that such Part is assessed to the Land Tax.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4B

1

1

1

Regulating the Marine Forces.

f ApriliS.

A. I75.V

Mercurti, 90 <r/;V;

Anno zS' Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755. Prayers.

Mil. Clevland, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty‘s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Colonel Conway, Mr. St'In]jury. Colonel Hottr.t Mr. Hay, Mr. LuttrcH, Mr . Fellow :s, Mr. Baukes, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Gore, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Harding Mr. Foley, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Dicker, Mr. HammcnJ, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Pelham, Mr . FM x.Townshend, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr.

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Anson, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Charles Tozvnjhend, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Richard Beckford, Mr. Mr.

Wynne, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Mr.

Hayward, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bond, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Bofcawen, Sir Nicholas Mr. Sandys, Mr. Medlycol, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Richards* Mr. Moore, Sir John Sir Thomas

Wavering, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Dummer, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Powell, Mr. Gajhry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Qualifying An ingrafted Bill to indemnify Persons who have omit-for®®cei» ted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions c’ within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify tiiemselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account* Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do pre-° Germany!° Parc> in order to be laid before this House in the next tic. Session ol Parliament, an Account of ail British Goods and Manufactures exported to Germany from Lady-day 1734 to Lady-day 1740, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Goods

and Manufactures exported to Holland from Lady-day 1734 to Lady-day 1740, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Goods imported from the East and West Inand also all other foreign Goods imported, which were re-exported to Germany, from Lady-day 1734 to 1740, distinguishing

each Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do prepare, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all Goods imported from the East and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported, which were re-exported to Holland, from Lady-day 1734 to Lady-day x 7 40, d i fti nguish ing each Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods.

Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Mean*. 10 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Pifiemper A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Dif-among temper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Catise* Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker vefumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Witnesses, and made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition, and of the said several Papers.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were severally ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Wenman and St James Dafliivood, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, examined several Witnessl-s, and produced Evidence in order to establish the Votes of several other Persons who voted for the said Lord in-man and Sir James Dashwood, and whom the Counsel on the other Side bad endeavoured to disqualify.

And they having, in order to establish the Votes of several other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Win-man and Sir James Dashwood, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify, produced certain Articles of Agreement, and also Indentures ol Leafs and Release made in consequence thereof; and having

African

Company.

Whale

Fiftiery.

Ovford

County

Election*

Committee

of

Privileges.

Clerked

Kltaic.

Whale

hiiiciy.

Re^i lat’ng

Maiinc l:or etn>.

TP^ying

of

Mariners

-nd

'i«a,en.

*8 GeO. II. 9° — io* —

iiur examined a Witness in relation to the said Articles and Indentures; and another Witnc.'s having been also

..... o

examined in relation to the said Articles;

The Cc unfel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. 'They were a^ain called in; and the said Articles, and also the said Indentures of Lease and Release, were read.

A nd then the Gourde! on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i o° die;

/ Anno 28° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755.

PRA Y ERS.

(V /fll. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to Tv A whom the ingroiTcd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of North Weston, and divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Oxford, tlw? Estate of Francis Clerke Esquire, in Trustees, in TVufi to sell the same to raise Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the lame; and for oth^r Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to rciblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, i.pon the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, be now read.*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House reiblvcd itself imo a Committee Of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingn fled Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while onShore. was read the Third time.

Jlcjohed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title N*, An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That M r. Ellis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to Lrve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels, was read a Second time.

Fejc/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rrfcbed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve iticif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. 1

Xgl. ay.

1 T Aprilis. 279

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Morgan’* for distblving the Marriage of Rickard Morgan Esquire ^‘vcrce-with Anne Hail his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lari of Shelburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill to Imoorting make more effectual the Laws prohibiting the Importa- Spirituuu* tion of spirituous Liquors, and of Tea, in small Quan- ,<luors' tities: And that Mr. Hardinge, the Lord and

Mr. W'Jl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the Leicefar Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of several Election. Freemen of the Borough of Leicester, in behalf of themselves, and all other the Electors for the f.iid Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Six Weeks.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the African whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Company. Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, and of the several Papers which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the Houte adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

r

Veneris, 11* die

Anno 28° Georgii IIil Regt$, 1755-.

Prayers.

MR. ‘Thornhaghreported from the Committee, to Breaston

whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, inti- *Dclufure* tuled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Cow

Pasture, in the County of Derby, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Dorothy White, the Trustees for Burton School, and William Jerorn, who, having been apprised of the Contents of the Bill, said they would riot oppose the fame; and that the said Persons are possessed of about Ninety-nine Cow Gates, and the whole Land intended to be inclosed consists cfabout Two hundred and Fifty Cow Gates; and that no Pertbn appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were read; and are as followeth; vix.

Pr. 9. L. 11. After "with," insert "And be it further Enacted, That the said Commissioners, and their,

" Successors, or any Three or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, to " ascertain, set out, and appoint, such Highways, Roads,

" and Foot Paths, in and over the said new Inciolures lo " to be made as aforesaid, as they may think necessary " for Carriages, or Passengerg whether on Foot or on " Horseback; provided all public Highways or Hoads for

" Carriages,

cSo 11° — I 2°

" Carriages To aiver*'inecT, fcfc out, and appointed, shall

" r:r .'.:i at bast 16 Feet Broad between the Ditches;

" and that it Hull not be lawful for any Person or Persons hereafter to ate r.nv ether VI ays, llouds, or Foot " I’acto, over the Inclosure, than Hull be lo ascertained,

*Met out, and appo nted, nor ihole which shal) be to " ascertained, set out, and appointed, in any other manner " than as appointed by the said Trustees: "

Pr. 9. L. 18. After " fame," insert " and of letting " out lire laid Ways and Hoads."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Supply Bill: Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to

Lottery. Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve it felt* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Secretary Robinson, by his Majesty’s Command, aeqainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informal of the Cate of ‘Thomas Stephens, with respect to his Discovery of a Method of making Pot Ash, recommends to the Consideration of the House the making of such Provision for a ltecompence to the said ‘Thomas Stephens as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the Petition of the said ‘Thomas Stephens be referred to the said Committeee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Anno 1753: The Account of the Committee of the Company of " Merchants trading to Africa, distinguishing each Par-" " ticular," be referred to the said Committee of the

whole House.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expences already incurred in rebuilding the Fort at Annamaboe, by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee of the whole ,-House.

Ordered, That the Account of the Application of t he Sum of £. 10,000 granted to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to the last Session of Parliament, distinguishing the several Places to which the same has been sent, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutiorss; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Oxford Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of County the several Petitions, complaining ot an undue Elefrion e on" and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Whale Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the /ifiiery. whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the lurther Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, was committed, be received To-mofrow Morning.

18

A prills. A. 1755.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, s':rpkn. ref jive iti'cif into a Committee of the whole H tile, upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to line in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Swiv.cn, Merchants Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Comnittet

tions be adjourned. d

Privilege.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Her ford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the C my electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this prelint ".rit* Parliament for the County of Hertford, in the room of Paggen Hale El'quire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sablati, 120 die Aprilis \

Anno 28" Georgii IIdl Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

r\ RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Dire:

to the Clerk of the Crown, to t^ake out a new Writ, Writ, for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Dover, in the room of William Cayley Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for managing the Revenues of Excise,

A Petition of the principal Traders, Manufacturers, Southwark and other Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Saint *Lrkct. George the Martyr, Saint Saviour's, Saint Saint

Olave, and Saint John, in the Borough of in

the County of Surrey, whole Names are thereunto fu'o-feribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was prelected to the House, and read; taking notice. That in the Bill, depending in the House, to enable the Churchwardens, Ovedeers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint , in the B rough

of Southwark, in the County of to hold a Market

within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough, there are Powers contained to enable Commissioners therein to be appointed to pure hale Ground and Houses for a Place to hold a Market within the said Parish; but that no particular Spot of Ground is in the said Bill mentioned, as convenient for that Purpose: And alleging, that in case it shall be thought proper that such a Market shall be held within the said Parish and Borough, the Spot of Ground within the said Parish, most commodious for that Purpose, is in and near Ax and Bottle Yard and Nag's Head Allyand that therebyaCom-

munication will be opened for the passing of Carts and other Carriages from the broad Part of the high Street in the said Borough to the Wharfs near the Thames', and the frequent Stops which happen at the Foot of London Bridge will be in a great measur prevented: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect the Petitioners, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an InstrucHon to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Suptf-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to contider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Re [flu tions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he re id in his Piece; and

afterwards

Importing Spiruuoug Liquors, &c.

Whale

Fishery.

Supplying

of

Mariners

and

Seamen.

Oxford

Couo'v

Elc^ioa,

28 Geo. II. 12140 Aprilis.

281

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: WhCre the same weii read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be employed in maintaining and i'upporting the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cofnmittee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Expences incurred in building a Fort at Annamaboe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be paid to Thomas Stephens, as a Reward for discovering his Method of making Pot Alh, and introducing that Manufacture into the Plantations in America.

The said Resolution^ being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to make more effectual the Laws prohibiting the Importation of spirituous Liquors, and of Tea, in small Quantities: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report Irom the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the liveral Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order Leingread accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itlelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House wi'l, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue E eClion and double Return for the County of , and > f the said double Return

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord A'enman and Sir James D'ftooood, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to establish the Votes of several other Persons, who voted for the said Lord fVenman and Str James Daf/wood, and whom

the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to dif* qualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

,. r .1 v V Sir Tellers for the Yeas, JMr_

Tellers for the Noe,

VOL. 27.

1

3°*

60.

r

So it palfed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, bo adjourned till Tuesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TdlmforthcYoasj^;^' J 30.

Tdlm for the Noes,f 61.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in.

And the Counsel for the said Lord and Sir

James Dafrjeood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, examined a Witness, inorder to establish the Voteof One other Person, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dafnvood, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides Were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

0

JLufue^ 14.0 die Aprilis;

Anno zV Georgii II" Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Thompson, African

from the Office of Register General of trading Trade.

Ships, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, that cleared out from Great Britain to the Coast of Africa, from the Year 1734 to the Year 1-54.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, tobe perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Vyner reported from the Committee, to whom the Ca!d«cot’s ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estates, charging the settled and unsettled Estates of Gilbert Cal-decot Esquire with railing Money to pay his Debts and Incumbrances, and for limiting his unsettled Estatei so charged, to the Ufesof his Marriage Settlement, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of tive Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to th*

Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

A Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Supply Bill; million, to be raised by a Lottery, was read a Second time. i-ouery. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn? ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clerke’s for veiling the Manof of North Weston, and divers Lands Estate*. and Hereditaments in the County of Oxfthe Estate of FrancisClerke Esquire, in Trustees, in Trull, to fell

4 C the

Whale

Fishery.

Insolvent

Debion.

Epsom,

*c.

Roads.

Supplying

of

Mariners

and

Seamen.

281

14° Aprilis.

1755

the same to raise Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the same; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hardinge, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed, That another Amendment may be proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed with respect to the said Amendment.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed toa Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they had made One other Amendment to the Bill which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, with some Amendments: to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Billfor amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from through to

Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through , to Totting, and from Ewell to Kingston, upon Thames and Thames Ditton% in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr Cocks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Oswald took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to make more effect ual the Laws prohibiting imnort'^ the Importation of spirituous Liquors, and of Tea, in final 1 Spintum., Quantities, was read a Second time. Ln|uor»,st

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton3.\(o acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Wenman and Sir fames Dashwood,a.nd for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and otherFree-holders of the County of Oxwho have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to establish the Votes of several other Persons, who voted for the said Lord IVenman and Sir fames Dashwood, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Eleo tions be adjourned.

Wan and Mean*.

Oxford

County

Eleilioo.

Commfaee

Ordered, That Sir JVm. Calvert, Mr. Alderman Bake),

Mr. Alderman Richard Bedford, Mr. Alderman,

Mr. Alderman Fludyer, Mr. Martin, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. ct* Newnham, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Alderman be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Saviour's, in the Borough of in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within t he said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

24

28 Geo. IL Aprili283

Mart is t 150 die Apr His;

Anno 28#Georgii IIdi Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act lntioiurc Mr Anting and inclosing Cow Pasture, in

the County of Derby, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pal's.

Ordered That Mr. Th do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House cloth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships,

While Ordered, That Mr. West do make the Report from the

Fisherv. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried oa by his Majesty’s Subjects, was recommitted.

Mr. West accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-

grossed.

Importing Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Spirituous resolve itfrlf into a Committee of the whole House, upon iiquuri, 4:c. the Bill o make more effectual the Laws prohibiting the Importation of spirituous Liquors, and of Tea, in small Quantities, be now read.

And flie fa:d Order being read accordingly;

| The H'ule resolved itself into a Committee of the

: whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hardingetook the Chair of the Committee*

( Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, That they

had g >ne rhiouAi the Bill, and made several Amendments

I o o #

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when 1 the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

WUich The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Bridge. Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the Water or Haven luween the Town of Sandwich and the oppjfite Shore, in the County of Kent.

; A: d the said Amendment was read, and is as follow-

eth; viz.

Pr. 11. L. 6. I.eave out from " Shilling " to " Provided," in the 6th Line of the 12th Press; and, after " future," in the 26th Line of the same Prels, insert the ' Words before left out.

j The laid Amendment, being read a Second time,

j was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

’; House.

Ordered, That Mr. Amyand do carry the Bill to the

I/irds, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed ‘ 1 to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

1 A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr.

e Eduards:

1 . Mr. Speaker,

1 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

flirting Act for further explaining, amending, and rendering KCf). more effectua], an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year " of the Reign of Ms present Majesty, intituled, An Act

Vox.. 27.

for the Encouragement of the British: White Herring Fishery, and for giving further Encouragement for the carrying on the said Fishery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the felling, or offering to Sale, any Game, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Reverend William Markham Doctor of Laws, and Thomas Salter Esquire, to build Houses, and open a Square, in and upon a certain Piece of Ground called Dean's Yard, Westminster, and several Pieces of

Ground contiguous thereto, without any Amendment [ And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter John Fremeaux, Adriana stantia Fremeaux, Elizabeth Fremeaux, Maria Catherina Fremeaux, and Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux, who are all Infants under the Age of Eighteen Years, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 34. L. 15. After " stated," insert the Proviso

marked (A):

At the End of the Bill, add the Proviso marked (B).

Proviso (A).

" Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall " extend or be construed to extend, to Benjamin Thomas " and Richard Beddoes, Two of the People called Qua* kers, now Prisoners in the common Gaol of the County " of Salop, at the Suit of Joyce , Executrix of the " last Will and Testament of Thomas Smith Clerk, deceased, for Tythes, or either of them, so as to oblige " the said Benjamin Thomas and Richard Beddoes to deliver in and subscribe a Schedule of their respective " Estates and Effects; but it shall and may be lawful for " the Justices of the Peace of the said County, upon Application made by the said Joyce Smith, or by any Person or Persons for or on behalf of the said Benjamin " Thomas or Richard Beddoes, to cause the said Prisoners " respectively to be brought before them, at their next " General Quarter Se (lions of the Peace, together with a " Copy or Copies of their Detainer, and to examine into " the Value of the Estate and Effects of the said Prisoners, by the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses; " and to issue a Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, " or the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of them, " thereby directing and requiring the respective Sums " due from them the said Prisoners, respectively, to the " said Joyce Smith, and for which they are respectively " charged and detained in the said. Prison, to be levied " upon their respective Goods and Chattels; and if the " Goods and Chattels of the said Prisoners, respectively, " shall not be found sufficient, then the real Estates of the said Prisoners, respectively, if any such there be, " shall, by the said Justices, be nfligned over to the said "' Joyce Smith, till such time as the said Debts shall be re " Ip 'ftively paid; and the said Prisoners shall, upon their

Appearance respectively before the said Justices, and the said Debts due to the said Joyce Smith, being respectively paid, be respectively discharged from their " imprisonment, as to the said Debt or Debts."

Proviso (B).

" Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority " aforesaid. That no Person, who took the Benefit of an " Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of his present Ma* " jesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent " Debtors, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantags

Game

Laws.

Building* in Dean's Yard, Westminster.

Fremeaux,#

Nat.

Insolvcn*

Debtors*

Supplying

of

Marintrs

ib4

Status

Ways aid Meant.

Ditto.

284 15 0 dprilis.^.1755.

" tage of or under this Act, nor be deemed to be within " the Meaning thereof; any thing herein contained to " the contrary notwithstanding "

The First Amendment was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Proviso.was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

The other Amendment was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Proviso, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Oswald, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are asfolioweth; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of^. 1,420,000 out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, passed in the 2tft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in die British Plantations in America, whereby a Bounty is granted upon all Indico imported from his Majesty’s Plantations in America into Great Britain, for the Term of Seven Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, be continued for the further Term of Seven Year*, from the 25th Day of March 1756, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Resolutions, which upon fhurjday the 13th Day of February last, were reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That the Sum of Three thousand Three

hundred Forty-one PoundsNineteen Shillings and Two " Pence Farthing, remaining in the Exchequer, being the M Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year " 1754, be issued and applied towards making good the

Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

" P.efohed, That the Sum of Sixteen thousand F <ur " hundred Ninety-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and " Ten Pence Halfpenny, rema ning in the Receipt of the Exchequer, of tire Surplus of the Duties on Coals, since " the 25 th Day of March 1719, be issued and applied rowards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty " in this Session of Parliament.

" Resolved, That the Sum of Nineteen thousand Nine " hundred Twenty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings and " Nine Pence, remainingin the Receipt of the Exchequer, " of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing " spirituous Liquors, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Sel- lion of Parliament.

Resolved, That the Sum of Twenty eight thousand " Two hundred and One Pounds Nineteen Shillings and t{ Eight Pence remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the Surplus of the Funds for the Lottery in the " Year 1714, be issued and applied towards making good " the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of " Parliament."

The House was also moved. That the Two last Resolutions, which, upon Tuesdaythe 8th Day of this instant April, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Surplus or Overplus Monies, which shall from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, of the Duties on " Coals and Culm, granted and continued by an Act of " the First; Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for the Sale of " Annuities to the Bank of England, at Four Pounds per " Centum per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and reserved by the said Act for the Disposition of Parliament, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances " thereupon, shall, from and after the 5th Day of " 1755, be carried to and made Part of, the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

" Resolved, That the Surplus or Overplus Monies, which " shall from time to time be and remain in the Receipt of " his Majesty’s Exchequer, of the Duties or Revenues, " which by an Act of the Second Year of his Majesty’s " Reign, were granted and continued for raising the Sum " of£. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of " England, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum " per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and refereed " by the said Act for the Disposition of Parliament, after " satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon, " shall, from and after the 5th Day of July 1755, be carried to, and made Part ofj the Fund commonly called " the Sinking Fund."

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the said Six last mentioned Resolutions, and also to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and which have been agreed to by the House; And that Mr. Charlton, the Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. iVeJl, Mr.

dingt, and Mr. Colleton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act* was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and ha

Preservatiofi

of

Highways, it C.

Oxford

County

Kle&ion.

28 GEO; II.

150 — 16° ApriUs.

read the Report in his Place; and, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confident un Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were ca'led in.

And the Counsel for the Lord and Sir James

Dashwood, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of O, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to establish the Votes of several other Persons, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwoodand whom the Counsel

on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And they having proposed to establish. the Vote of Charles Wyatt, who voled for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualjfy, as not having a Freehold in the Place where, at the Time of the said Election, he swore his Freehold did lie.

And they having alleged, that the said Charles who is entered upon the Poll as having been polled for a Freehold at Banbury, in the Hundred of Banbury, in the Occupation of Richard Fair brother, was, in Fad, polled for a Freehold at Bourtonin the said Hundred, in the Occupation of Richard Barnes:

And they having, in Support of the said Allegation, and in order to redrfy the Mistake alleged to have been made in the Entry upon the Poll, offered to produce One of the Check Books kept by an Inspector for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James together with the

parole Evidence of several Persons present at the Time when the said Charles Wyatt was polled;

T he Counsel on the other Side objected to the Admission of Evidence to contradict the Sheriff’s Poll.

And the Counsel for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, having been heard in Answer to that Objection;

The Entry of the Proceedings of the House, upon Tuesdaylaft, in relation to the Evidence offered be produced by the Counsel for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, in order to establish the Vote of John Kent, who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify, was read:

And Part of an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Regulation of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in theeleding and returning such Members, relating to the Appointment of Clerks for taking the Poll, and of Insepctors, was also read:

And several Parts of an Act, made in the 18th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Elections for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, relating to the Appointment of Clerks for taking the Poll, and the Allowance of Check Books, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner, having been heard in Reply to the Answer given by the Counsel on the other Side to the said Objection;

The Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

And the Journal of the House, of the 20th Day of January 1710, in relation to the Resolution of the House in the same of the Election for the County of Rutland, against admitting Samuel Freeman to prove his voting at Vot. 27.

the said Election, contrary to the Poll then taken by the Sheriff, was read.

And the Journal of the House of the 14th Day of July 1715, in relation to the Kelblution of the House in the same of the Election for the County of Bedford', against; admitting the Counsel for the Sitting Member to examine a Witness, to prove that William Reynold voted otherwise than he was let down upon the Sheriff’s Poll, was also read.

And a Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the Counsel for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy; and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, be admitted to produce the said Check Book, and the said parole Evidence, in order to prove that the said Charles Wyatt voted for a Freehold lying in a Place different from that which is entered in the original Poll Book; and that the said Charles Wyatt then declared the Freehold, for which he voted, to be in the Occupation of a different Person from that which is also entered in the said Poll Book.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

93-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That the Counsel for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders of the County of Oxford, be admitted to produce the said Check Book, and the said parole Evidence, in order to prove that the said Charles Wyatt voted for a Freehold lying in a Place different from that which is entered in the original Poll Book; and that the said Charles Wyatt then declared the Freehold, lor which he voted, to be in the Occupation of a different Person from that which is also entered in the said Poll Book;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^Slr idlers for the leas,£ Mr

49-

3

91-

Tellers for the Noes V Colonel Cornwallis,

t ellers lor the iNoes, Mf Hmy

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Counsel were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

And the Counsel for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, and for the said Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to establish the Votes of several other Persons who voted for the said Lord Wenman and Sir James Dashwood, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were dire died to withdraw'.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurity 160 die Aprilis;

Anno 28° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Supply Bill;

Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a cer- piking tain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of the Sink- fuwi'

4 D

286 16° — 170 jAp

Supply Bil Indict).

ing Fund, and applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five; and for carrying the Surplus of certain Duties to the Sinking Fund: And the same was received; and read the F/rft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Colleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America: And the same was received; and read the First time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importing

Spirituous

Mr. Hardinge, according to Order, reported from the

Li uors &c ^'ornm*ttee the whole House, to whom the Bill to iquors, c. fna]4e more effectua] the Laws prohibiting the Importation of spirituous Liquors, and of Tea, in Imall Quantities, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had di-rested him'to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And the said Order being read accordingly^;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord IVenman and Sir James Dashwood, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to establish the Votes of several other Persons who voted for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James Dashwood, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualifv.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Ox;orJ

Cou:v

Eiccti'x

Supplying

of

Mariners

and

Seamen.

.An ingrossed Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and tions be adjourned. Vessels, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels.

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means lor railing the ' Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 170 di;

Way.* and Menu.

Cominit.se

of

Privilege*.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Lottery, tefolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Anno a8° Georgii II*1 Regis, 1755.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing, explaining, and Whale amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects; and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Thomas Hood, and others, upon Three Ships fitted out for the said Fishery, and loft in the Greenland Seas.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dcfice their Concurrence.

CnMecot’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee, to whom s^e*rk E(ta;es. for charging the settled and unsettled Estates of Gilbert the Bill to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and In-Caldecot Esquire, with railing Money to pay his Debts habitants, of the Parish of St. Saviour's in the Borough of and Incumbrances, and for limiting his unsettled Estate Southwark, in the County of to hold a Market

so charged, to the Lies of his Marriage Settlement, was within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street read the Third time. in the said Borough, was committed; and to whom the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Petition of the principal Traders, Manufacturers, and

Ordered, That Mr. Tyner do carry the Bill to the other Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of St. George

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed the Martyr, St. Saviours, St. Thomas, St. Olive, and

to the lame, without any Amendment. John, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of

Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf preservation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said of Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Parishes; was referred, That the Committee had con-Highwayj, the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the fidcred the said Petition; and had examined the Alle-Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the gacions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; Amendment and Preservation of the publick Highways and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more made several Amendments thereunto; which they had effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to directed him to report to the House; and he read the enforce the Execution oi the said Act, was re-committed, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, be n w read. with the Amendments, ia at the Clerk’s Table: Where

Breaston

Incioiure.

28 Geo. II. 170 Ap. 287

the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and (except One of them, which wasdifagreed to) were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Expiring Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Law*; ]5i]l to continue an A<£V, passed in the 25th Year of the Theftt, &c. eigrl of his present Majesty, for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punishingPerfbns keeping disorderly Houses, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grotted.

Importing An ingrossed Bill to make more effectual the Laws LwK>re°&c Pr°hiL>iting the Importation of spirituous Liquors, and of Tea, in small Quantities, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making more effectual the Laws prohibiting the Importation of spirituous Liquors in Calks or Vessels not containing Sixty Gallons, and of Tea above the {quantities of Six Pounds, found on board any British Ship or Vessel not belonging to, or employed by, the 'East India Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of

i'undl^ Money, therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five, and for carrying the Surplus of certain Duties to the Sinking Fund, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wall, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; A Bill for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for Ir.dico. encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the wholq House.

Refo/vcdy That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a-Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com* irattee, That they have Power to amend the said Act.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and

Mr. B11.rrov.9J1s:

Mr. Speaker,

fleguhting The Lords hove agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, without any Amendment: And also,

GuitUforr! The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fewU.urch. to enable the Parifluoners of the Par;111 of the Holy Trinity in GiddeforJy in the County of Surrey, to fell diversFloules, Lands, Kents, and Annuities, in the said Parish, and in Stole next Guide ford alorefud, and to apply the Money arising by Sale thereof towards rebuilding their Parish Church *, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

VOL. 27.

The Lords* have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Breaflon Cow Pasture, in the County of Derby.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Fyner junior do carry to the Lords Caldccot'j the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for fiftates. charging the settled and unsettled Estates of Gilbert CaR decot Esquire, with raising Money to pay his Debts and Incumbrances, and for limiting his unsettled Estate, so charged, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; and acquaint their Lordships, That this House hath agreed to the said Bill, without any Amendment.

Mr. Charlton* according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Lottery, granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (A), the last Amendment, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the ^reservatien Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend . an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act, was re-committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (B), being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (B), the next Amendment, and also Clauses (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), (I), (K), (L), (M), and (N), the Eleven subsequent Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were postponed.

Clause (O), the last Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas| JJj; J 39-

Tellers for the Noes,^; } 36.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then Clause (B), the First of the postponed Amendments, was, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment thereto, agreed to by the House.

Clauses (C), (D), and (E), the Three next postponed Amendments, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An Amendment being proposed to be made to Clause (F), the next postponed Amendment, by inferring, after the Word " Draught," in the loch Line of the said Clause, these Words " and all Carts and other Two-Wheel Carriages, though the Fellies of the Wheels are not of the " Breadth or Gage of Nine Inches or Six Inches, may " travel, pass, or be driven, upon any Turnpike Hoad " within Twenty Miles of the City of with any

" Number of Horses or Beasts of Draught, not exceeding Four Horses or Beasts of Draught

Hereford

Coutuy

Writ.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Supply Bi!1 Lottery.

288

170 — iS°- — 190

4.175

The House was moved. That an Act:, made in the 16th Year of his p re lent Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for allowing Carts to be drawn with Four llorfes, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being put. That, after the Word Draught," in the 10th Line of the said Clause, tliele Words, viz. " and all Carts and other Two-Wheel Carriages, though the Fellies of the Wheels are not of the *'Breadth or Gage of Nine Inches or Six inches, may " travel, pal's, or be driven, upon any Turnpike Road " within 20 Miles of the City of London, with any ,\um-u ber of Ho.Tes or B rafts of Draught, not exceeding

adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And Cjaule (A), the last Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, with several Amendments thereto, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

" Four Horses or Bealls of Draught," be insertei It passed in the Negative. OrdeThat the Order of the Day for the House Sup: ly Bill; Then the said Cjaule was, upon the Quell ion put so refoitself into a Committee of the whole House, ^nd'C0‘

thereupon, agreed to by the House. upon the Bill for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act

Clause (G), the next postponed Amendment, was, for encouraging the making of Indico in the British upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment Plantations in , be now read;

thereto, agreed to by the House. And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Residue of the postponed Amendments were, The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several whole House, upon the said Bill.

Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Td-momnv Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 18° die Aprilis;

Anno 28° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant (o the Clerk of the Crown, to make outa newWrit for the Fleeting of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Hereford, in the room of the right honourable Edward Harley f squire, commonly called Lord Harley, now Karl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certainSurpius Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five, and for carrying the Surplus of certain Duties to the Sinking Fund, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Claufts of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

Ihe Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tic Yeas, I!*-

(Mr. Colleton:

i Mr. Feltozvcs,

Tellers for the Nocs,?Mr. Akkrnun Richard

( Bedford.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several A mendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Committee

of

Privileges.

63.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for resuming the

16

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of th6 Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Elcflion and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord and Sir fames

DafJncood, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to establish the Votes of several other Persons, who voted for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James Dashwood, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 190 die Aprilis;

Anno 28° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

MR. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kidgdoin, wac committed, Tuat the Committee had gone through the Bui, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in bus Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendment uas twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,' with the Amendment, be ingrosseu. Act

Oxford

County

Election.

Distemper

among

Horned

Cattle.

18 Geo. II. 190 Apr His. 289

SMith* ark An mgrossed Bill to enable the Churchwardens, Over-

Market. seers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Saviour's, in the Bo-ough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish* not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

IV. 5. L. 38. After " Surreyto insert <c and such " other Persons who are authorized to be his Majesty’s " justices of the Peace within the said Borough."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill: j was amended at the Table accordingly*

Rsfolved, That the Bill do pais; And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Cluirch wardens, Overseers* and Inhabitants, of the Pari lb of St. Saviours, in the Borough of Southwark, in tire County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the 1 high Street in the said Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. Hammond do carry the Bill to the Lotds, and dehre their Concurrence.

Sunply Bill; Mr. Chariton, according to Order, reported from the

f Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

> Ui granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money* therein

t mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, and applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, fur the f Service of the Year One thouUnd Seven hundred and

Fifty-five, and for carrying the Surplus of certain Duties to the SinkmgFund, was committed, the Amendments, C: which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which

p, they had directed him to report ro the House; and he

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were-agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the iiivlico. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directxd him to report to the House; and he read the-Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s'Fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum Lottery. cf One million, to be raised by a Lottery, was read the Thi"d time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed ;o be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. L. la ft. Alter "Treasury," to insert "or any u Three of them

Pr. 2i. L. Hi. To leave out <c now being;"

Pr. 25. L. ia. To leave out " mentioned in the said " Ad."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at t\\£ 'Fable accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum oi One mil ion, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Exrdnr? An mgrcuLd Bill to continue an Act, passed in the 25th L:\ub Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better T.-au^c. Vql, 27.

preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punchi ng Persons keepingdifordedy Houses, was read the Third time. t

ResolveJ, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making perpetual an Act. passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping ailorderly Houses; fur the further punching Persons selling Ale or other Liquors without Licence; for the preventing the burning or destroying of Gols, Furz, or Fern, in Forests or Chaces; for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for the filing of Affidavits of the Execution of Contrafts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preftrvation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the morecfteftual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, and to enforce the Execution of the said Act, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for punishing Surveyors, and others, who shall wilfully neglect to seize supernumcrary Hones* and to give Information asdirested by this and the former Act.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up; and the said Clause was amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 32. After "enacted," to leave out li and €t declared."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's; And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the 26th Year of tide Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act fi r the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the mo;e effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto.

Then the Blank Lit in the Bill for the Title thereof was filled up by the Clerk at the lable.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition Gf Sir John Ramsden Baronet, and Fletcher Norton Esquire; and also the Matter of the Petition of several Burgesses of the Borough of Appleby, in the County of iVejimoreland, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough;

Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Month.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and double Return for die County of Oxford, and of r he laid double Return.

And the Counlcl were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord./"A'enman and Sir James Dashwood, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, who have petitioned this 11cuf?, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, examined several Wfinc fils, a\d produced Evidence, in order to eilabiiih the Votes i t

4 E lew:a]

Preservation

of

Highway?;

&c:

Appleby

Election.

Oxford

Cowry

EieCUvr

Distemper among , Horned Caale.

filtpply Bill; liutico.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Chaplain.

Oxford County F ltclion.

29O

190 — 2 \° Apr ills.

several other Per fens, H10 voted for the {tiid Lord Wen-

man and Sir James Di. iwood, and whom the Count'd on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify.

And then the Counfei on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return* be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday iMorning, Nine of the Clock.

Lung, 219 die;

Anno 28° Georgii IP* Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Baron do carry the B i! to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Aningrofled Bill for continuing an Atft, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the Brit Plantations in America, was read the Third time.

Refo/veJ, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the Plantations

in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year One tliou-sand Seven hundred and Fifty-five; and for carrying the Surplus of certain Duties to the Sinking Fund; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Sciv.ce of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five; and for carrying the Surplus of certain Duties to the Sinking Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address*be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to confer feme Dignity in the Church upon the reverend Mr.

Ballard, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Pet itions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Count'd were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord and Sir James

Dashwood, and for the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of Oxford, who have petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the said County, examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to establish the Votes ot several ot^er Persons, who voted for the said Lord Ir en-

H. -1755*

man and Sir James Daffnvcod,.an Ci whom the Counfei on the other. Side lvad endeavoured to di (quality.

And the Counfei for the said Lord IVenman and Sir James Daf/nvvod, and for the fdd Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, of the County of* Oxford, having finished their* Reply;

The Counfei on both Sides wee directed to withdraw.

They were again called in.

And the Counfei for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward \Turner having informed the House, That Mr. IVdliam Rnfh, who had been examined by the Counfei on the other Side, is a material Witness to be examined by them the said Couniel for the said Lord Paiker and Sir Edward Turner, and that Mr. Speaker's Warrant had been taken out for the Attendance of the said William Ruff/; and having alleged that he had absconded, and could not be served with the said Warrant;

Thomas Woods Kno/'ys, the Person to whom the said

Warrant was delivered, was called in; and he acquainted the House, That he had left a Copy of the said Warrant at the House of the said IFi/Ham , at Henley upml Thames, and had made Inquiry alter him, but could not find him.

And the said Witness having produced the said Warrant; and being withdrawn;

The said Warrant was read; and appeared to be dated upon the 15th Day of this instant April.

And the Minutes taken, of the Evirh-r.ce which was given by the said William Rnfh upon the 91k Day of this

instant April, were also read.

And the said Thomas Woods Knothswas attain called in,

K J

and examined as to the Reaion why the said Warrant wr.9 not looner taken out.

And then he withdrew'.

And another Witness was called in; and examined, in order to prove that diligent Enquiry had been made after the said William Rnfh, at the Places which he used to fre-

quest when in Town, but that he could not be found.

And then the said Witness withdrew.

And the Counfei on both bides were also again direifled to withdraw.'

Ordered, That the said William Rnfh do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Then the said Thomas Woods was again called

in; and examined as to the Service of the said Warrant upon Mr. William Prince, another Person therein named, and in order to prove that the said Person had expressed his Willingncfs to attend the House in puvfuance of the said Warrant, and had attended accordingly.

And then the said Thomas Woods Knol.'ys withdrew.

And several other Witnesses were also called in; and examined, in order to prove that Mr. George Prince, anoi her Person named in the said Warrant, although not leaved therewith, had expressed his Wiliingness to attend the House, in order to be examined, and had attended accordingly.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Sayer do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the said several Petitions, and of the said double Return, be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next with the double Return for the County of Oxford.

And th'-n the Ilonfe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

:8 Geo. II.

J-laflrmffC

litctiun.

Imnflrring

bpinru«n>s Liquors, &c.

Srpplvintr

Mariner*

and

Seamen.

Lpfoni,

Src.

5 £oads.

S

Miiborne Port j Elechcn.

r

African

fc’orte.

2 2° — 2 30 Apr ills.

Mart is i 22* die Apr ills;

Anno 28’ Georgii Ilal Rtgi;, 1755. Prayers.

y^RDERED, That the Report from the Comr.'i',ee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Hafemere, in the County of Surrey, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Fid, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the Laws prohibiting the Importation of spirituous Liquors in Casks or Vessels not containing Sixty Gallons, and of Tea above the Quantity of Six Pounds, found on board any British Ship or Veiled not belonging to, or employed by, the East India Company, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vefllls, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords ha\e agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epsom, through Ewell, to footings and Torn Ewell to Kingston upon Thames and Thames Ditton, in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Complaint being made to the House, That an undue Attempt had been made to influence the Returning Officer for the Borough cf Fhlborne Port, in the County of Dafet, in making a Return of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, by the Offer of a Sum of Money to be deposited for that Purpose;

And a Letter, signed Henry Robins, and dated London, 6 April 1754, directed to Mr. llallst at Mil borne Port, and lent to him by the General Port (in which Letter that Deposit is offered for that Purpose) being produced;

The House was informed, Thar the said l etter did net come till very lately into the Possession of the Persons at whole ReqrnTt the said Complaint was made.

Then the said Letter was delivered in at the Table, and read.

And the House being informed, That, since the Time that the said Letter bears Date, an Offer of a Sum of IVK-nev, for the Purpose mentioned in the said Letter, had also been made to the said Mr. Ha/lelt, by Mr. John Warry of New Inn, Mr. Bennett, and Mr. *

Hargrave of Arundel-street;

Ordered, That the said Henry Robins do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the said John Warry of New bin do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the said Bennett, Son of Mr. Bennett of the Devises, do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the said Hargrave of Arundel-street do attend this House upon this Day Fortnight.

A Motion was made, and the Question being promoted, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he wiii be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Office of Ordnance to fend over a proper P#rfon or Pei Ions to inspect the present State of the Fort at Anna-ruibce, and the several other British Forts on the Coart: of Africa \ and to lay their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, before this I Joule, as soon as may be;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " and

further humbly to desire his Majesty, that if it shall be 4< found necessary immediately to put the said Fort of " Annamaboe into a proper Condition, that he \vi!l be 4C graciously p'eased to order aSum of Money to be tflbetl €< to the Board of Ordnance for the Performance thereof;

Vol. 2J,

" and that whatever Expences his Majesty shall be at for " these Purposes, tiiislloufe will make good the same tC to his Majesty.*

And the Question being put, That those Words be added to the Question;

Ir was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Addicts be prden'ed to his Majesty, Thar lie will be graciously pk-aled to give Directions to the Office of Ordnance to lend over a proper Person or Persons to inspect the pielent State of the Fort at Annamaboe, and the several other British Forts on the Coast of Africa; and to lay their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, before this House, as soon as may be; and further humbly to desire his Majesty, that if it shall be found neccfiavy immediately to put the said Fort of Annamaboe into a proper Condition, that he will be graciously pleased to order a Sum of Money to be issued to the Board of Ordnance for the Performance thereof; and that whatever Expences his Majesty shall be nt for thele Purposes, this Home will make good the same to his Majesty.

Ordered, That t lie said Address be prefen ted to his Majesty by such Membe rs of this House as a;e of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Committee cl the Company of Mcr- ar

chants trading to Africa do prepare, in order to be laid ^unam3bat before this House in the next Session of Paiiiament, an Account of the Monies expended in building a Fort at Annamaboe, distinguishing separately tIxe several Articles of Expence, as the same were incurred, and the several Quantities of the Materials used in building the said Fort, and the particular Purposes to which such Materials were refbcftively applied, together with an exact Plan and Section of the said Fort, and a Scaie of the Dimensions thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 j*;

Anno 2u° Georgii IP Reg's, 17 :5. Prayers.

rTTMl E Order of the Day being read;

A The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and double Return for the County of Oxford, and of the said double Return.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Lord Parker and Sir Edward Turner were heard in Answer to the Evidence which the Counsel on the other Side had produced in their Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question was preposed. That all Copyholders holding their Estates by Copy of Court Roll, not having the Words Ad Voluntatem Dominis or " At the Will of the Lordinlcrted in the Copies by which such Estates are holden, have a Right to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, within the Intent and Meaning of the Laws, confining the said Right of Election to Estates of freehold only.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

r v , S Sir Francis Dafwocd, 1

1 filers for rl.e Year, j M]. yw, / J >07.

Tellers^ the Noes,

] *45-

So it paftld in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the right honourable Philip I Penman Lord Viscount IVenman in the Kingdom A Ireland, is duly cleft, d a Knight

Oxford

Conroy

Election.

Chaplain.

African

Fort*.

H li^inere

292

2j° — 24° Aprils.

A. 1755.

a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford.

And the previous Question being put, That that Quel* tion be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yea* f Mn NuZeHt> JeJiers for the lea.,£ Mf Martin:

Tellers for the Noes, S'r

10

a*

Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That the right honourable Philip Hrenman Lord Viscount Wentnan in the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly defied a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J Mr J

Tellers for the Noes, { }

98.

228.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the right honourable Thomas Parker Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount is duly

eleffed a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford.

A Motion was made, and the QuefHon being put. That Sir James Dashwood Baronet is duly defied a Knight of the Shite to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Sir Edvcard Turner Baronet is duly defied a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do amend tire double Return for the County of , by rafing out the Names of the right honourable H'enman Led Viscount Wenman in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Sir James Dafnvood Baronet.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 40 die;

Upon the Petition of Peter Burrell Esquire, and alf> the Petition of several PeiTons, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants and legal Voters or the Borough 0 {Haslemere, in the County of , m be-

half of themselves, and others, also Inhabitants and legal Voters of the said Borough; and also the Petition of James Oultherpe Esquire, Lieutenant General in his Majesty’s Forces, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough:

The Committee have examined the Merits ot’ this Election.

The last Determination of the House, made the 20th Day of May 1661, touching the Election of Burg- lies for the B trough of Haslemere, whereby it was resolved, that the Inhabitant Freeholders there have only Voice in Elections, was read.

The Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Council at the Bar of this House, of before the Committee ot Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, Cty, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the lait Determination of the House of Commons, was also read.

The CounselforMr. Burrell, and for the Inhabitants and legal Voters of the said Borough of Hafhmere, infilled, that by the Word " Freeholders," in the said Resolution, is meant only Freeholders of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, lying within the Borough and Manor of Hafumere, whether the same pay Kent to the Lord of the said Borough and Manor, or not, exclusiveof any Lands or Tenements which are or have been Parcel of the waste Cround of the said Borough and Manor, or any Messuages Buildings which are or shall be Handing or being thereon.

The Counsel for the Sitting Members agreed to that Explanation.

But the Counfv l for the Petitioner Lieutenant General

Oglethorpe inhtled, that it was not necessary or proper to matce any Explanation uhatsoever of the said Resolution; but that, if the Committee (liould think fit to make any Explanation, lie h 'ped he should be at Liberty to shew, that the Word "Freeholders" ought to be further re-{drained than was e.xprtfled in the Explanation proposed.

Upon the Poll, the Numbers were. For Mr. Mclxne - — - Mr. IVebb- -

Mr. Burreil - -

Mr. Oglethorpe -

7°

7°

40

45

Anno 28" Georgii I1J' Regis, 1755. Prayers.

THE Earl of Hilljhorcughreported to the IToufe,

That their Address of Monday last, that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the reverend Mr. Chap-

lain to this House, had been prefen ted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to say, that he will center some Dignity in the Church upon the reverend Mr. Reeve Ballard, Chaplain to this House,. as is desired.

The Earl of HWJboroughalfo reported to the House, That their Address of Tueflaylaft, relating to the Fort at Hnnamaboe, and the several other Forts upon the

Coast cf Africa, had been p re fen ted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

The Lord DrppUn,according to Order, reported, from the Committee ot Privileges and Election, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough at IIxjL'eiere, in the County together with the

Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report-in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read, and is as iohowctb; vtos*

Then the Counsel for Mr. and for the Inhabitants and legal Voters of the said Borough of Haslemere, in Support of their Construction of the said Resolution, called,

Richard Billingshurst: Who said. That he is 46 Years'

old, and has been acquainted with the Borough of Haslemere all his Life-time, and has attended many Elections there:

That the Inhabitant Freeholders, who I:old Lands and Tenements within the Borough, have constantly voted, whether they pay Quit Rent to the Lord of the Manor, or not; and that it had been the general received Opinion in the Borough, that the Right of voting was in them:

That he knows the Ground called the Part of

which is within tlit Borough: That no Iftr.on ever voted in Right of any Tenement situate upon the till tho

last Election — That it has been held to be necessary, that an Inhabitant of an House within the should, in

order to have a Right of voting for Members ut Parliament, be possessed of a Free old within the Borough: That the Wit;ids was told loby Ins Father, who is dead, and had been Returning Officer at One Election there, and several times served the Office ot Bailiff:

That Three lVrfons polled, at the iaft Eh dion, fir Freeholds upon the Waste: That he had always understood till then, that the ’A lie had been held as Le ileho'd,

and

28 Gfio. IL 440 April tgl

and that he does not know that the Leases have been resigned.

’Thomas Jackman said, That he is 40 Years old, and has known the Borough of Hajlcmereeverfincehe can remem-

ber: That he has been present at many Elections, and that the Right of voting is in the Freeholders Inhabitants: That he has understood it to be to from Ferfom who are now dead:

That he knows the Ground called the That it

belongs to the Lord of the Manor i That it consists of Ten Acres, and there are several Houses upon it, and Vacancies where many more may be built: That it is all inclosed, and what is not built is in Gardens:

That he never heard that any Pertbn attempted to vote for any Fart of the Waste-, but that as great Part of the Wajle was within the Borough, if a Person had a Freehold in the Borough, though he lived upon that Part of the Wajle, he had a Right to vote.

Being asked whether Persons were not refused their . Votes in Right of Tenements upon the as being

Leaseholders ? he said, Yes, for that Reason.

He further said, that he never heard that any of them claimed to vote before the last Election, and that he does not know that any Part of the is Freehold.

John Gilbert: Who said. That he was present at the last Election for Haslemere:That some Persons voted for

Lands lying on the Waste, viz. Petef Michael

Morley, and William Child.

And, the Poll being inspected, the Names of those Persons appeared as voting for Mr. and Mr.

Webb.

That the Witness further said, That he believes the Lands for which Vallar and Child voted are Leasehold, and that they have no Freehold within the Borough.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner Lieutenant General Oglethorpe, in order to shew that by the Word " Free*

" holders," in the said Resolution of 20th May 1661, is meant only ancient Freeholders of the Borough holding of the Lord of the Manor, called,

John Habbins: Who said. That he is near 70 Years

old: That he has lived 60 Years at Hafemere, where he has seen many Elections of Members of Parliament: That the Right of voting is in the Freeholders Inhabitants: That by Freeholders he means ancient Freeholders, who do Suit and Service to the Lord; and that there are old Burgess Rents payable to the Lord, amounting to 12 Shillings; but he owned that Persons who had Freeholds had been admitted to vote, though they paid po Rent to the Lord; and that he never heard any Voter objected to as not having paid his Rent:

That the ancient Freeholds are well known :That some of them have been split; and that he apprehends that such as were split before the Act of King William give a Right of voting, but not those which have been split since:

That he never knew any Freeholder refused his Vote, but has known Persons objected to as Leaseholders:

That he never knew of any Persons polling for any Part of the Waste, and that he believes all the Tenements upon the Waste are Leasehold:

That he himself voted for Part of a House for which lie had paid no Rent; but that he could not recollect how long he had been in Poffiiffion, nor does he remember that any Rents have been gathered since he was in this House.

John Jack foil: who said, That he had known the Borough of Haslemere 40 Years: That none but Freeholders have a Right to vote, and such Freeholders only as hold by Burgage Tenure.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner Peter Burrell Esquire, and for the Inhabitants and legal Voters of the Borough of Haftemere, were heard, by way of Reply. After which, the Committee catne to the following Re-fi'lutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in the last Determination of the House, of the Right -Of El cction of Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the

; Vol. zj.

said Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey, made the 26th Day of May, in the Year 1661, which is as followeth, viz. That the Inhabitant Freeholders there have only Voice in Election: By the Word " Free holders" is meant only Freeholders of Messuages, Lands, br Tenements, lying within the Borough and Manor of Haslemere, whether the same pay Rent to the Lord of the said Borough and Manor, or not, exclusive of any Lands or Tenements which are or have been Parcel of the waste Ground of the said Borough cr Manor, and any Messuages or Buildings which are or shall be standing or being thereon.

And the Counsel being acquainted with the said Refo-' lution;

The Counsellor for the Petitioner Mr. Burrell, and for the Inhabitants and legal Voters of the said Borough of Haslemere, declared, That they were instructed to acquaint the Committee, that their Clients would give the Committee no further Trouble; and that Mr. Burrell did give up all Right to his Seat in Parliament upon the Merits of this Election.

But the Counsel for the Petitioner Lieutenant General Oglethorpedefired that the Committee would indulge him with further Time to prepare himself for proceeding tct establish his Right upon the Merits of the Election, in Conformity to the said Resolution.

Then the Committee, having heard the Petition of Simon Luttrell Esquire and Richard Hujj'ey Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Midfholl otherwise Mitchell, in the County of Corn-

wall, proceeded, in pursuance of the Order of the House of the 21st of January last, to the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition of Lieutenant General Oglethorpe-, but no Person appearing on the behalf of Lieutenant General Oglethorpe, further to prosecute his Petition, after Proclamation had been made according to Custom;

The Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That James Moore Molyneux Esquire ;s duly elected a Bt:r-gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surrey.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That Philip Carteret Webbc Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, in the last Determination of the House, of the Right of Ffteftion of Burge lies to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of,

in the County of Surrey, made the 20th Day of in the Year 1661, which is as followeth, viz. That the Inhabitant Freeholders there have only Voice in Election: By the Word " Freeholders" is meant only Freeholders of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, lying within the Borough and Manor of Haslemere, whether the same pay Rent to the Lord of the said Borough and Manor, or not, exclusive of any Lands or Tenements which are or have been Parcel of the waste Ground of the said Borough and Manor, or any Messuages or Buildings which are or shall be standing or being thereon.

The other Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question leve-rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That all Sheriffs or Returning Officers at all County Elections for that Part of Great Britain called England, may, upon a Scrutiny demanded alter the Close of the Poll Books, grant the lame; and, if there is not iufti-cient Time between the Cloleof the Poll Books, and the necessary Return of the Writ, to finish and complete the said Scrutiny, he may then, and in such Cate, if he thinks fit, make a Return of all the Candidates;

Resolved, That the House do now adjourn.

4F And

feiectiOa.

M'tioni

rd pectin / Scrutinies at

Elections.

Adjournment-

Supply Bill; Lottery.

Sui'ply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Supply Bill; Indico.

Expiring Laws; Thefts, &c.

Difiemper

among

Horned

Cattle.

Qualifying for Offices,

&C.

Southwark

Market.

PrefirVrttion

Of

Highways,

Ac.

YV 1 vale F.lhery.

24° — 2 5° Aprilis. A. 1755.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VeneriS) 250 Aprilis;

Anno 28° Georgii Ildl Regis, 1755.

Praters.

AM fcSSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million, to be raised by a Lottery, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and applying cfertain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five; and for carrying the Surplus of certain Duties to the Sinking Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the Plantations in Ame-

rica, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punching Persons keeping disorderly Houses; for the further punishing Persons selling Ale or other Liquors without Licence; for the preventing the burning or destroying of Gorle, Furze, or Fern, in Forests or Chaces; for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices; and for the filing of Affidavits of the Execution of Contrafts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitxiled. An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Saviour, in the Borough of wark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough, without any Amendment: And alto.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-tixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, explaining, and amending, thcteveral Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty’s Subjects; and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Thomas Hood, and others, upon Three Ships fitted out for the said Eithcry, and loft in the Greenland Seas; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir IT my Belicudeu, Gentleman-liber efthe Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the Ihuife of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend iris Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was plealed to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following;

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million, to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of tire Sinking Fund: and applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five; and for carrying the Surplus of certain Duties to the Sinking Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for further explaining, amending, and rendering more effectua), an Act, made in the Twenly-thi/d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty. intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring

Fishery, and for giving further Encouragement for the carrying on the said Fishery; and for other Purposts therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Acts of Parliament made for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried ca by his Majesty’s Subjects; and to authorize the Payment of the Bounty to Thomas Hood, and ethers, upon Three Ships fitted out for the said Fisherv, and loft in the

4

Seas:

An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for encouraging the making of Indico in the t/A Plantations in America:

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Veflcb:

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for making perpetual an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses; for the further punching Persons selling Ale or other Liquors without Licence; for the preventing the burning or destroying of Gorle, Furze, or Fern, in Forests or Chaces; for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for the filing of Affidavits of the Execution of Contrafts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom:

An Act to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation of the Game, in relation to the felling or offering to Sale any Game

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that, purpose:

An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors:

An Act for making more effectual the Laws prohibiting the Importation of l'pirituous Liquors in Casks or Vessels not containing Sixty Gallons, and of Tea above the Quantity of Six Pounds found on board any Ship or

Vessel not belonging to, or employed by, the East India Company:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Ro.ids of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating the reto:

An Act to enable the Reverend Doctor of Laws, and Thomas Salter Esquire, to build

Houses,

Roy*1 to L'

28 Geo. II. 250 Aprili295

Houses, and open a Square, in and upon a certain Piece of Ground called Dean's Yar, and several Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto:

An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish or Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Mar-

ket within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough:

An Act for building a Bridge over the Water or Haven between the Town of Sandwich, anti theoppolite Shore, in the County of Kent:

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of the Holy Trinity in Guideford, in the County of Surrey, to fell divers Houses, Lands, Rents, and Annuities, in the said Pari ill, and in Stoke next Guideford aforesaid; and to apply the Money arising by Sale thereof towards rebuilding their Parish Church; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from Cocking End near Adding ham, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Rockdale to Burnley, in the County of Lancaster:

An Act foramcnding, altering, continuing, and making more effectual, Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Second and Seventeenth Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Coleshill, in the County of Warwick, through the City of Litchfield, to Stone, in the County of Stafford, and from thence to the City of Chester, and several ether Roads in the said Acts mentioned iand for enlarging the Term and Powers in the said several Acts:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called the White Smithy, in tire Township of Crumpfal, to the Town of Rochdale; and from the said Placecalled the White byaPlace

called Beffes of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and from the said Place called Beffes of the Barn to Radcliffe Bridge, in the County Palatine of L: An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Otley, Skipton, Co/tte, Burnley, and Blackburn, to Burscough Bridge in Walton, in the County of Lancaster; and from Skipton, through Gifiburn and theroe, to Preston, in the said County of Lancaster:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from Epforn, through Ewell, to Tooting, and from Ewell to Kingston upon Thames and Thames ton, in the County of Surrey:

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Reversion of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, in Trust for Richard Crowle Esquire, in Exchange for Houses and Lands near his Majesty’s Palace of and for other Confederation to be paid for the same:

An Act for establishing an Exchange of divers Lands and Tythes in Myton, in the County of York, for other Landsand Hereditaments in the said County, pursuant to an Agreement between the Lord Archbishop of as Appropriator, the Bishop of Norwich Lessee, of the Rec-t*'v, and Henry Herd Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church, and Sir BryanStcpylton, Lord of the Manor, of Myton

aforesaid:

An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange of (1 ivers Lands in Little Leake, in the County of Nottingham, pursuant to an Agreement between Francis Lord Middleton and Robert Bird Esquire; and for other Pur-

poles therem mentioned:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Sir John Dutton C"/tBaronet, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging several Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by luchSale in the Purchase cf other Lands to be settled to the same Uses:

An Act to impower Edward Walter Esquire, and divers other Persons claiming under the Wills of hisGrandfather and Brother respectively, to make Leases of the several Landsand Hereditaments purchased and to be purchased VoL. 27.

since the Will of Peter Walter the Grandfather, and in pursuance of the same:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Edmund son Esquire, and Henrietta Maria his Wife, in Trustees, for raising several Sums of Money for discharging Portions charged upon the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the Manor of North Wefion, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Oxford, the Estate of Francis Clerke Esquire, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same to raise Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for charging the settled and unsettled Estates of Gilbert Caldecot Esquire with raising Money to pay his Debts and Incumbrances; and for limiting his unsettled Estate, so charged, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement:

An Act fordiffolving the Marriage of Morgan

Esquire, with Anne Hall his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement

for inclosing OfmortherleyMoor or Common, in the County of York j and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended:

An Act fordividing and mc CowPafture,

in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the open and common Fields within the Manor and Parish of Howling, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for naturalizing Peter John Fremeaux, Adriana Confantia Fremeuux, Elizabeth Fremeaux, Marta Cathe-rina Fremeaux, and Gertruda Johanna Fremeaux, who are all Infants under the Age of Eighteen Years:

An Act for naturalizing Jacob Kirkman:

An Act for naturalizing John Vlric Paffavant.

After which, his Majesty was plealed to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen.

The many eminent Proofs which you have given of your Duty and Affection to my Person and Government, during the course of this Session of Parliament, have afforded me the greatest Satisfaction; and the Zeal you have shewn for supporting the Honour, Rights, and Possessions, of rny Crown, has been no Ids agreeable to me.

My Desire to preserve the public Tranquillity has been sincere and uniform: I have religiously adhered to the Stipulations of the Treaty of Aix la Chapelle, and made it my Care not to injure or give just Cause of Offence to any Power whatsoever; but I never could entertain a Thought of purchasing the Name of Peace at the Expence of suffering Encroachments upon, or of yielding up, what is justly belonging to Great Britain, either by ancient Possession or by solemn Treaties: Your Vigour and Firmness on this important Occasion have enabled me to be prepared for such Contingencies as may happen. If reasonable and honourable Terms of Accommodation can be agreed upon, 1 shall be satisfied. In all Events, I shall rely on the Justice of our Cause, the effectual Support of my People, and the Protection of the Divine Providence.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you my Thanks for the necessary Provisions you have made for the Service of the current Year: The extraordinary Supply which you have granted me towards augmenting my Forces by Sea and Land, is such a Proof of your Confidence in me, and of your constant Attention to the Service of your Country, that I cannot sufficiently express the Satisfaction I take in this feasonable Care of the Safetyofmy Kingdoms and Dominions, or in the Evidence it has produced of the Extent of our public Credit, and of the Zeal of my Subjects in this Conjuncture.

My

a50 Aprilis. — i70Mali — i0 — 14°Aug. — i-

c*.

o'

¥-' '^-1755

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have nothing to desire of you but steadilv to puvfue those good Principles which you have so solemnly pro* sessed to me, and, with so much Honour to yourselves, adhered to.

Let it be your Endeavour to maintain Tranquillityand good Order inyourfeveral Counties, and to cultivate in my good Subjects just Notions of my Government and Meal’ures, which are and shall always be directed to their Happiness and Prosperity.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty’s Command, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Parliament It is his Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, That this prorogued. Parliament be prorogued until 7«c/Jijythe Twenty-seventh Day of May next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued until the Twenty-

seventh Day of May next.

yovis,140 die Augujli;

Anno 29* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1755.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cox, Deputy Gentleman Ulhcrof the Black Rod.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commit-(ion read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House,'went up to the House of Peers: Where the Com mi (ft on was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until the

2d Day of September next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 2d Day of September next.

Marti:, 27® die Maii j

Anno 28* Georgii II" Regis, 1755.

Farlijment r 1 'HE House being met, pursuant to the last Proro-furthor _|_ gation; prorogue . Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

( \uarmt, Deputy Gentleman Uther of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the First Day of July next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the First Day of July next.

Marti:, i# die;

Anno 29* Georgii II" Regis, 1755.

Parliament D E House being met, pursuant to the last Proro-further *- gation; prorogued. A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quart tie.Deputy Gentleman Ulhcr of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, deftre the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 14th Day of Augujinext.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 14th Day of next.

Marti:, 2° die Seftembris;

Anno 29* Georgii II" Regis, 1755.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cox, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 23d Day of this instant September.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 23d Day of this instant September.

Marti:, 2 3® die Sepiembri:;

Anno 290 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1733.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Proro-gati on;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cox, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black. Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 13th Day of November next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 13th Day of November next.

Parliament

further

prorogued#

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.﻿C 297 3

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS^ I 1

Sess. 17

Message to mend the King.

Members take Oaths.

Outlawry

Bill.

Absence of the Clerk.

The King’s Speech reported.

Jovis, 13° die Novembris;

Anno 29* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755.

A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry Bellendtn, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the Eirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, that 'Jeremiah Dyson Esquire, Clerk of the House, desired to be abi'ent, upon Account of the Indisposition of a near Relation;

Ordered, That Mr. Poyntz do attend at the Table, during the Absence of the said Mr. Dyson.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followed!; viz.

With a sincere Desire to preserve my People from the Calamities of War, as well as to prevent, in the midftof these Troubles, a general Wan from being lighted up in Europe, I have been always ready to accept reasonable and honourable Terms of Accommodation; but none such have hitherto been proposed on the Part of France.

I have also confined my Views and Operations to hinder France from making new Encroachments, or supporting those already made, to exert our Right to a Satisfaction for Hostilities committed in a Time of profound Peace, and to disappoint such Designs, as from various Appearances and Preparations, there is Reason to think have been formed against my Kingdoms and Dominions.

By these Methods, I have pursued the Plan which I formerly pointed out to you, and for which I had the Satisfaction to receive the strongest Assurances of your vigorous Support.

What other Power can object to Proceedings so absolutely necessary to our own Defence and Security ? My good Brother the King of Spain fees, with Concern, thele Differences; and the Part which he generously takes in the common Welfare of Europe, makes him earnestly wifti the Preservation of the public Tranquility. He has / also given Assurances, that he will continue in the same pacific Sentiments.

In pursuing these great Ends, I make no doubt of the vigorous and chearful Support of my Parliament; and that, whilst I am engaged in this just and national Cause, the affectionate Assurances, which they gave me the last Session, will be effectually made good: In consequence thereof, I have greatly increased my naval Armaments, augumented my Land Forces in such manner as might be the least burthenlbme, and have concluded a Treaty with the Empress of Russia, and another with the Landgrave of Hejfe CaffeI; which shall be laid before you.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The present critical Conjuncture of Affairs, and my constant Inclination to have the Advice and Assistance of my Parliament on all important Occasions, have made me desirous to meet you here as early as possible.

Since your last Session, I have taken such Measures as might be most conducive to the Protection of our Possessions in America, and to the regaining of such Parts there-

of as had been encroached upon, or invaded, in Violation of the Peace, and contrary to the Faith of the most (b-lemn Treaties.

For this Purpose, the maritime Force of this Kingdom has been got ready with the utmost Application and Expedition, and been principally employed. Some Land Forces have been lent from hence to North America, and all proper Encouragement has been given to the several Colonies there, to exert themselves in their own Defence, and in the Maintenance of the Rights and Posses-lions of Great Britain.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the proper Officers to lay before you Estimates for the Service of the ensuing Year; and likewise Accounts of the extraordinary Expences which have been made this Year, in pursuance of the Power given me by Parliament. I fee, with great Concern, that the necessary Services before-mentioned will require large Supplies: I alk only such as shall be requisitetbr the effectual carrying on of those Measures, which shall be necessary to support what has been begun according to your Inclination, for the Security of my Kingdoms and Dominions, and for the Purposes which have been a! ready mentioned to you. Whatever you grant shall, with the strictest Economy, be applied to those Uses only for which it shall be given.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I rely upon your Duty and good Affections, which I have so often experienced. There never was a Situation,

4 G in

13° Nouembris. 1755.

in which my Honour, and theefiential Interests of Great Britain, called more strongly for your Zeal, Unanimity, and Dispatch.

Addrrfs on the King’s Speech*

A Motiort was stude, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most. gracious Speech from the Throne; to congratulate his Majesty upon his happy Return into these Kingdoms* to exprel's our dutiful Acknowledgments to his Majesty fof his Care and Endeavours to preserve to Ins People the Blcftingsof Peace; and, whenTermsconfiftent with the true interest of this Kingdom, could not be obtained, for the great Expedition with which his Majesty caul'ed his naval Force to be got ready, and the Resolution his Majesty has shewn, at the Hazard of all Events, to defend the British Dominions in tlmerica, not only en-

croached upon, but openly attacked, by the French in a Time of full Peace, and farther threatened and endangered- by hlarge Embarkation of their Troops from Europe , to applaud his Majesty’s Wisdom and Moderation in being always desirous, though so highly provoked, to listen to & reasonable Accommodation, and endeavouring toavoiJ the Calamities of a general War, by confining his Operations to Measures necessary for Defence; a Conduct which must demonstrate to the other Powers of Europe the Uprightnefsof his Majesty’s Intentions, and convince them that he is not the Aggress'or ;to expressour Satisfaction in the King of Spain's generous Concern for the common Welfare of Europe, and the Assurances he has given'of his Desire to preferVe the public Tranquility; tb allure his Majesty, that this House will vigoroufty and chearfully support his Majesty in all such wile and necessary Measures and Engagements as his Majesty may have taken to vindicate the just Rights and Possessions of his Crown, and to guard against any Attempts which France may make, on Account of his Majesty’s not having fub-misted to tlieif unjustifiable Encroachments; and that we think ourselves bound in Justice and Gratitude toaflift his Majesty against: Insults and Attacks that maybe made upon any of his Majesty’s Dominions, though not belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, in Resentment of the Part his Majesty has taken inaCause wherein the Interests of this Kingdom' are immediately and so essentially concerned; to express our Thanks to his Majesty for his Care indireding the necessiury Augmentation of his Land Forces to be made in the Manner kail burthensome to his People; tyf allure his Majesty, that this House will grant his Majesty such Supplies as shall be found necessary in this great Conjuncture; and, in all our Deliberations, manrfdt to the World, that we have sincerely at Heart the Honour of our King, the Support of his Go-ternment, and the true interest of this Country 3

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " and to guard " against any Attempts which France may make on Account of his Majesty Vnot having submitted to their " unjustifiable Encroachments; and that we think ourselves bound in Justice and Gratitude to assist his Majesty against Insults and Attacks that may bemadeupon " any of his Majesty’s Dominions, thoughnot belonging " to the Crown of Great Britain, in Resentment of the " Part his Majesty has taken in a Caute wherein the Interests of this Kingdom are immediately and so cflen-

tially concerned &An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving the reout the Words, u and that lt we'flnnk ourselves bound in Justice and Gratitude to afnfl’tiis Majesty against Insults and Attacks that may be made u;xm any of his Majesty’s Dominions, though " not belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, in Re-fentment of the Part his* Majesty has taken in a Cause " wherein the Interests or this Kingdom are immediately

and so essentially concerned."

- And the Question being put. That the said last-men-Hcncd Words stand Part of the proposed Amendment

' ‘'Theifoufe HiVided/

'* The Yeas went forth.%

rp «i r .« tf C Mr. AjiiDtniy

Tellers for the \«as j Mr . j

Tellers for the Nocjf 'h £'* Lit.

Mr. Bayntun. j J

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, that the Words, " and " to guard against any Attempts which France may make " on Account of his Majesty’s not having (ubmitteu to " their unjustifiable Encroachments," stand Part of tbs Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j ColoiTTSiUm, ] 29°-

Tellers for the Noes, ( }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his nwft gracious Speech from the Throne j to congratulate his Majesty upon his happy Return into these Kingdoms; to expressoutduiiful Acknowledgments to his Majesty, for his Care and Endeavours to preserve to his People the Blessings of Peace; and, when Terms consistent with the true interest of this Kingdom could not be obtained, for the great Expedition with which his Majesty caused his naval Force to be got ready, and the Resolution his Majesty has shewn, at the Hazard of all Events, to defend the British Dominions in America, not only encroached upon, but openly attacked, by the in a

Time of full Peace and farther threatened and endangered by a large Embarkation of their Troops from Europe; to applaud his Majesty’s Wisdom and Moderation, in being always desirous, though so highly provoked, to listen to a ressonable Accommodation, and endeavouring to avoid the Calamities of a general War, by confining his Operations to Measures necessary for Defence; a Conduct which mud demonstrate to the other Powers of Europe the Upnghtnels of his Majesty’s Intentions, and convince them that he is not the Aggreftbr; to express our Satii-faition in the King of Spain's generous Concern for the common Welfare of Europe, and the Assurances he has given of his Defile to preterve the public Tranquility; to allure his Majesty, that this House will vigoroufty and chearfully support his Majesty in all such wile and necessary Measures and Engagements as his Majesty may have taken to vindicate the just Rights ami Possessions of his Crown, and to guard against any Attempts which France may make on Account of his Majesty’s not having lub-mitted to their unjustifiable Encroachments; and that we think ourselves bound in Justice and Gratitude toafiifthis Majesty against Intuits and Attacks that may be made upon any of his Majesty’s Dominions, though not belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, in Resentment of the Parr his Majesty has taken in a Caute wherein the Interests of this Kingdom are immediately and lb essentially concerned; to express our Thanks to his Majesty for his Care in directing the necessary Augmentation of his Land Forres to be made in the Manner leaftbuithenfome to his People; to allure his Majesty, that this House will grant his Majesty such Supplies as shall be found necessary in this great Conjuncture; ami, in all our Deliberations, manifetl to the World, that we have sincerely at Heart the Honour of our King, the Support of his Government, and the true interest of this Country.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Mr. Cocks, Mr. Obrien, General Onslow, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Grenville, Lord Doivne, Mr.

Mr. Fuller, Lord Dv.pplin, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Finch, Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Fane, Mr. Nathanael Newnham, Mr. Lyjler, Lord Mr.

Sir John Rnffiout, Lord Hobart, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Arundel!, the Mailer of the Rolls, Lord Ad*-

vocaic

it) Geo. IL

13® — iff N

*99

Reading

Writ.

TVerton

Writ.

Luggershall

Writ.

Wareliam

Writ.

vocate of Scotland, Mr. Attorney General, Mr, Solicitor General, Mr. Harvey, Sir Lionel Pi/kingtou, Sir John Captain Saunders, Sir Conyers D' A rex, Mr. Hard-ir.ge, Dr. Hay, Sir Francis Drake; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s moll: gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eletting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ol Readi, in the County of Berks, in the Room of William Strode Esquire, deceal'ed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to tire Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for tha Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tiver in the County of Devon, in the room of the right honourable Sir William

Fonge Baronet, and Knight of the raoft honourable Order of the Bath, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Luggershall, in the County of

Wilts, in the room of Sir John Bland Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dor jet, in the room of Henry Drax Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for tire County of in the room

of John Lloyd Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chcficr, in the room of Sir Robert Grosvenor Baronet, deceated.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new-Writ for the Electing of a Burgess ro lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brain the County of Nor-

thampton, in the room of Thomas Humberfione Esquire, deceased.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Five of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till Eleven of the Clock the same Morning.

Veneris, 14.* die Novembris;

Anno 290 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1755. Prayers.

Grand LDERED, That the Grand Committee for Religion Committees. do fit every Taejuav in the Afternoon, in the f ioufe.

Cardigan

County

Writ.

Chetfer

City

Writ.

Brackley

Wiit.

eery

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every ThurJJay in the Afternoon, in the lloule.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fu, every 4Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House;

VOL. 27.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the Hpufc.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed-.

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Dupplin,. Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Alderman

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Ludovick Grant, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Page, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Pitt, Mr, Harditige, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Stanhope, Sir John Philipps, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Armine WodehouJ'e, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Smith, Sir Willoughby

Aston, Colonel Waldegrave, Mr Mr. Aldermart

Wm. Beckford, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Mor

Mr. Mure Campbell, Mr. Delava I, Mr. Mr.

Amyand, Mr. Alderman Dicken General Onf.oiv, Sir

Wm. Calvert, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Potter, Mr. Lejhe, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Salusbury, Lord Lord Geo. Sackville-, Mr. Clevland, Mr. West, Lord Barrington, Mr.

Mr. Palmer, Mr. Thomas Gore, Colonel Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Charles Townfoend, Sir John Turner, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Bagot, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Curzon,

Mr. Torke, Mr. Hen. Pelham, Mr. Thomhagh, Sir Francis

Poole, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Murray, Mr. Claud Amyand, Mr. Grove, Mr. Molytieux, Lord Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Martyn, Mr. Colvi/l, Mr. Morton,

Mr. Hardman, Mr. Walpole, Colonel Griffin, Colonel MoJlyn, Mr. Chester, Mr. BMr. Jennifon, Sir Geo. Lee, Mr. Barbor, Colonel , Mr. Alderman

Rd. Beckford, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. julines Beckford, Mr.

Medlycolt, Mr. Scott, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Harley, Mr. Gafhry, Lord Strange, Mr. WMr. Webb, Mr. LaJ'celles, Mr. Thrift, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hayes,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lezvis, Admiral Mostyn, Mr. Boone,

Mr. Forrester, Sir John Hinde , Mr. Cal-

vert, Mr. Villters, Mr. Stephcnfon, Mr. Ofucald, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cope, Mr. Howard, Mr. Roger Talbot, Mr. Wright, Lord Robert , Mr. Clayton, Mr. Jefferies, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Let, Sir John Cist, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Probytt, Mr. Bowes, Mr.

vey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Northey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Moore, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Edward Laf-celles. General Ligonier, Mr. Lord

Mr. Thomas Watson, Mr. John Frederick, Mr. son, Mr. Pent on. Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Mr.

Amcotts, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Bond, Mr. Craw-fur d, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Affleck, Mr. John

De/aval, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Lord Royjton, Mr. Lifter,

Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. John Yorke, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. JVigley, Mr. Thomas Townftiend, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Colonel Conway7 Sir John Peachey, Sir John Mor daunt, Mr. Vaughan: Arfd* they are to meet upon Monday Fortnight at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, and to fit every Wednesday, Friday> and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First Place, and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons who will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And all Members returned upon double Returns are to withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

ReftJvedff

Committee

of

Privileged

Ufunl

Ordersi

300

140 Novembris.

1755-

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be with-give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading in Parliament. thereto.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Seventy against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person that been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Cnme and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the ut-tnoft Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great , for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselvesin the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting t and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Cui-tody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him $ and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do rake care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminsterdo take care, that, from Eleven

of the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and fVefimt^fter Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care that there be no Gaming or other Disorders in Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts

Ordered, That the said Orders be font to the High Bailiff of Westminsterand that he do fee the same put

in execution.

17

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Monday, fVednesday, and from Five of the

Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at. the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lockup such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills, after the 17 th Day of January next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Suffer, in the Room of William Hay Esquire, deceased.

The Earl of Hillsborough reported from the Committee,

this Day appointed to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our bumble Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne;

and

Private

Bills.

Seaford

Writ.

AddreCi

on the King’s Speech.

The King’s Speech to be

considered.

Windsor

Writ.

29 Geo-II. 140 — 150 — 17 301

%nd to congratulate your Majesty upon your safe and happy Return into theft Kingdoms.

V\ ith Hearts full of Gratitude we offer to your Majestyour dutiful Acknowledgmentsforyour paternal Care and Endeavour to pr. serve to your People the Blessings of Peace, and, when Terms confident with the true Interest of this Kingdom could not be obtained, for the great Expedition with which your Majesty caused your naval Force to be got ready, and the Magnanimity and Resolution your Majesty has shewn, at the Hazard of all Events, to defend the British Dominions in America, not only encroached upon, but openly attacked, by the French in a Time of full Peace, and furtherthreatenedand endangered by a large Emba;kation of Troops from Europe.

We are tru:y fentible of your Majesty’s great Wisdom and Mo leration in being defuous, though so highly provoked, to listen to a reasonable Accommodation, and, in endeavouring to avoid the Calamities of a general War, by confining your Operations to Measures neediary for Defence; a Condutt which must demonstrate to the other Powers of Europe the Dprightness of your Majesty’s Intentions, and convince them that your Majesty is not the Aggressor.

The King of Spain s generous Concern for the common Welfare of Europe, and the Afluiances he ha< given your Majesty of his Desire to preserve the public Tranquility, give us the greatest SaPsfaction.

We b g Leave to assure your Majesty, that your dutiful and faithful Commons will vigorously and chearfully support your Majesty in all such wife and necessary Mca-furesand Engagements as your Majesty may have taken to vindicate the just Right and Possessi >ns of your Crown, and to guard against any Attempts which France may make on Account of your Majesty’s not having submitted to their unjustifiable Encroachments; and that wc think ourselves bound in Juiiice and Gratitude to assist your Majesty against Insults and Attacks that may be made upon any of your Majestyvs Dominions, though not belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, in Rekntment of the Part your Majesty has taken in aCauie wherein the Interests of this Kingdom are immediately and so cflentially concerned.

We are humbly thankful to your Majesty for your tender Care in directing the necessary Augmentation of your Land Forces to be made in the Manner the least burthensome to your People.

We allure your Majesty, that your faithful Commons will grant your Majesty such Supplies as shall be found necessary in this great Conjuncture; and that we will, in all our Deliberations, manifvft 10 the World, that we have sincerely at Heart the Honour of our King, the Support of his Government, and the true Interest of this Country.

The laid Address, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty’s Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most: gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Sabbati, 150 die;

Anno 290 Georgii ILdl Regis, 1755. P n aver s.

for the Eleding of a Burgefi ro serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of York, in the room of Charles Saunders inquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of his Majesty’s Navy.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration his The King’s Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted Supply, to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffufc his Warrant to Enft the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the ^*r<1

Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament ^nu

for the Borough of Eaf: Retford, in the County of Nottingham, in the room, oi John Shelley Esquire, who, since h s Election for the find Borough, hath accepted the O ftice of Clerk or Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Christchurch Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Paiiiament for the Borough of Christchurch, in the County of Southampton in the room of the right honourable Sir Thomas Robinson, Knight of the most honourable Orderof the Bath, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of his Majesty’s Great Wardrobe.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Plymouth Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ-Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of , in the room of the right honourable William Lord Viscount Barrington in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of his Majesty’s Secretary at War.

The Earl of Hillsborough reported to the House, That Address his Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the on the Order of Yesterday, humbly toknow his Majesty’s Plea- King’s sure, when he would be attended by this House, had been Speect' pleased to appoint to be attended, immediately, at his Palace of St. James.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough or New tVindforin the County of Berks, in the room of the right honourable Henry Fox Esquine, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. -Vol. *7.

Luna, 170 die Novembris;

Anno 29° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported. That the House attended his The g. tj Majesty upon Saturday last, with their Add re's: Answer

To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gra- to Addicts, cious Answer:

4 H Gentlemen,

302

i7° — 18° Novembris. 1755.

Gentlemen,

I thank you for this dutiful and loyal Address.

You may be allured, although I wish for nothing more than a safe and honourable Accommodation, I am determined to protedf and maintain the valuable and urn doubted Rights and Poflfessions of my Crown.

Your Assurances that you will aflish mein the Defence of my foreign Dominions, if they should be attacked on Account of the Measures I am pursuing for the true In>-t ere ft of these Kingdoms, are such Proofs of your Affection to me, and of your Regard to my Honour, as give me the greatest Satisfaction.

S.-ppIv. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon last, That

a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directetl him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received tomorrow

Morning.

Berwick A Petition of John Wilkes Esquire, was presented to hleaion. the House, and read j setting forth, That, at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Benviek upon Tweed, the Petitioner, together . with Thomas Watson and John De/aval Esquires, were Candidates; and alleging, that the said Thomas Watson and John Delaval did, by Bribery, in the most flagrant, notorious, and public Manner, and in the most open and daring Violation of the Laws made to restrain such iniquitous Practices, as well as by other illegal Methods, corrupt arid procure many of the Burgesses of the said Borough to give their Votes for them; whereby they did obtain a Majority of Votes upon the Poll, and have been, in Consequence, returned to l'erve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that the Petitionerhad a Majority of legal Votes at the said Election, and ought to have been returned as One of the Representatives of the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and give the PetitionCr such Relief as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Three Months.

And then the House adjourned till To-mor-row

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti:, 18° Novembris;

Anno 29* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

umfries- \ MOTION being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue Shire iV his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to makeout Writ. a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Dumfries, in the room of the right honourable Charles Douglas Esquire, commonly called Lord Charles Douglas, now become the eldest Son of a Peer of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland i

The House was moved. That the several Entries of the Petition and Representation of Alexander Irving of " Drum, and other?, and of the Petition and Representa-20

tion of Sir Thomas Burnet of and others, concerns ing the Election for the Shire of Aberdeen, and of the Orders made upon the said Petitions and Repreft-ntations, contained in the Journal of the House of the 27U1 Day of November 1708, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Journal of the House of the 3d Day of December following, in relation to the Proceedings and Resolution of the House upon life laid Petitions and liepresentations, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry' of an Order, contained in the Journal of the House of the 6t li Day of December following, for a new Writ to be made out for electing a Commissioner to serve in Parliament for the Shire of Aberdeen, in the room of the honouralve Lord llndiio, the eldest Son of a Peer < f that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, might be lead.

And the tame was read acc< rdn g'y.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the EleCling of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire ot Dumfries, in the room < f the right honourable Charles Douglas E cm ire, commonly called Lord Charles Douglas, n'>\v become the eldest Son of a Peer of that Part ot Great Britain called Scotland.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names arc thereunto subscrib. d, Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood leading to the Old Street Turnpike Road, w'as

presented to the ftoufe, and read; setting forth*That, in pursuance of an ACT made in the 26th Year of the lteign of his present Majesty, intituled, An ACi forrepaiiing and widening the Road from the End, near Shoreditch

Church, to the Center of the Bridge in Old Street Road; and through Old Street in the Parish of Saint , Middlesex, to the West End of the said Street next the Pavement in Goswell Street, the said Road hath been put in a

very' good Repair; but that the same is not near so beneficial to the Public as it might be made, if the Trustees of the said Turnpike ltoad were enabled to repair and widen a Road leading from the Pwd Lion on Windmill Hill, near the East End of the Artillery Ground Wall, to the F.nd of Thunderbolt Alley, in the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the said County* and from thence, through Worship Street and the Curtain, to a Place called the Ditch Side, next the East Side of Holy Well Mount, in the said Parish; winch Road, the Petitioners apprehend, may be repaired without any Increase of Toll; and that, in order to complete the said Road, it will be neceflhry to purchase a Piece of Ground leading from the said Side to an House known by the Name of the London Apprentice, in the said Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, into the lload which leads to King (land, Market, and the great Northern Road; or otherwise to enable the said Trustees to lay open, repair, and widen, a certain Road leading from the said Red Lion to and through a certain Place called the Dog Bar, on such Terms and Conditions as to the House shall seem meet; and alleging, that, by either of the said Methods, there will be an open free Road from the Center of the City of London, through Moorgate, into the Old Street Road, which will be of great Advantage to the Neighbourhood in particular, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir Beauchamp Prollor, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hardinge, Col. Cornwallis, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr.' Elliot, Mr Charlton, Mr. Lock,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Affleck, Lord

Dupplin, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Forr, Lord Carysfort, Mr. TownshendMr. Sandy:, Mr. Lee, Mr. Lysler, Sir Armine

Windmill

Hill

RoaL

29 Geck II. 18® — 19 30$

IVodekonfe, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Co-

lonel Geo. Bofcawen, Mr. Peregrine Bertie, Mr.

Mr. More, Mr. Felton Harvey, Mr. John Mr.

Moore, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Anfo Lord Parker, Mr. Coventry, Sir James Creed, Mr. Mr. Harrison,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Jones, Mr. Boulton, Sir Cordcl Fircbrace, Sir John Turner, Mr. Geo. Townffend, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Alderman

Bedford, Mr. Perron, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Mr.

Foley, Mr. Fel/ozcess Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, EJ/ex, Hertford, Cambridge, Suffolk, and Nor-

folk, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House* ftiewing the Monies arisen within the respective Halt Years ending at the 5th Day of April 1755, and the 10th Day of October 1755, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly Called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an htlrhhle Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pfeased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts*

Ordered, That the said Acdrets be presented to his Majesty by such Members or tins House, as are of his Majesty’s tr.oft honourable Privy Council.

tv.nrr.vfitccf Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections

Elections. for Coupes |n Eug'andand to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed either by the House or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to he heard shall be before the House or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who vored foe the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Fleads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Votes excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves or by their Agents, within the same time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

s I Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, made upon lait, that

a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Keioluti >n w' ich the Committee had direct d him 10 report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Whete the same was read, and is as foiioweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contraThat the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Mag-fly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ufu*l Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Estimates. Navy for the Year 1756, with the Half-pay Officers of the Navy, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1756, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1756, be laid before this House.

Ordered, Ti at a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half-pay for the Year 1756, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1756.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1755 have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Vol. 27.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercttrii, 190 die Novembris;

Anno if Georgii II*11 Regis, 1755;'

Prayers.

Tj^HE House being iriformed, That feme of the Com-

J- mi (Tuners of the Customs attended at the Door;

They weie called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursu mt to several Acts of Parliament,

N° i. An Account of naval Stoles imported from Ruff - into the Port of London, from 1754

to i\iic/,aelmas '7 5: And also,

N° 2. An Account of naval Stores imported from Ruff a into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1754 to Michaelmas 1755: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Straits and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they Were discharged, and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported in the Year 1755: And also,

A Special Return with respect to the Accounts of prohibited E :Ji India Goods, which, by several Acts of Parliament, are directed to be laid before the House.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts tfrereread.

And the said Return was also read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Returndolie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Crump, Clerk to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of: he Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of " the City of London, from the 10th of October 1754 " to the 10th of October 1755, directed to be said before " each House of Parliament, by an Act, passed in the " 21 ft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the " Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and several Freeholders and Inhabitants, in the

Parish

Accounts;

RuiH*

Imports.

Whale

Fishery,

Prohibited fcaft India Good*.

Account* from the Mercers Company/

Bethnal

Green

Road.

3o4 19 — 20°

Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal , in the County of

Mid dej'ex, and ai o of several Inhabitants in the several Par (lies of Chn/1 Church, St. Leonard and the

I'! am let of Mde End New Town, in the said County, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Pari (lies and Hamlet, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was p.resented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Foot Way leading from a House known by the Sign of the Salmon and Ball on Bethnal Green aforesaid, to the West End of a Field in the Occupation of Thomas Lord, and a Bridle Way and Way for a Cart, though almost impafl'able, from the said Well End of the said Field to Cock Lane, near a Place called Joan Harding's, in the said Parish of St. Matthew Bethnal Green; which said Lane leads to ditch atoielaid; but that there is no sufficient Way for Coaches and Carts from the East End of the said Parish of Bethnal Green to Christ Church Shoreditch, Mile End New Town, or other Paces to the Westward thereof:

And alleging, That if Povision was made for widening the said Ways, and making a proper Road from the Salmon and Ball aforesaid to Cock Lane aforesaid, and to open a Way into Shoreditch, it would be of great Benefit

to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening the said Ways, and making the said Road as aforesaid, upon a proper Compensation being made to the Owners of Grounds which may he kid into the said Road, and to the Owners of any Houses or Sheds which may be taken down, and upon rebuilding and making good any Wall there may be Occasion to remove, for the Purposes aforesaid; and also for completing such Roads, and keeping the same in effectual Repair; or that the Petitioners may be relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine tlte Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Banket, Mr. Cur-zon, Mr. Poph.am, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Cartwright, Mr, Colebrooke, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Affleck, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. son, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Charles Motdaunt, Mr. Holmes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Sir John Gift, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. More, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Salisbury, Sir Roger Lord

Parker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Northey, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Waring, Mr. Waller, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Wig/ey, Mr. , Mr. GaJJiry, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Mr. Aider-

man Beckford, Mr. Geo. Co/ebrook; and all the Members

who serve for the Counties of A Essex, Hertford,

Suffolk, Cambridge, Norfolk and Kent, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° die Novembris;

Anno 29° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755. Praters.

Accounts \7 OTICE being taken of the Orders made by this respecting -1\ House upon the 29th Day of January last, and a!lb upon the ad and 9th Days of ft, in the last Session

c’ of Parliament, for the ft veral Accounts therein mentioned

so be prepared, in order to be laid before the House in this present Session of Parliament;

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do ley before this H'»use, an Account of a 1 Flax imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730 Jo Lady-day 1735, distinguishing each Year.

Novembris. A 1755.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lav bo for this House, an Account of all Flax imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Flax exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinouishing each Year.

Ordered, Tl'hat the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Flax exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all foreign raw Linen Yarns, and Spruce, or Muscovia Yams, imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Yarns, together with the Duties paid thereon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all foreign raw Linen Yarns, and Spruce, or Muscovia Yarns, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Yarns, together with the Duties paid thereon.

Ordered, That, the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Linen Yarns imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Yrear.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Linen Yarns imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Iwdy-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all the Linens imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730 to L 1755.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all the Linens imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755*

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all British and Irish Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and which were ir.titled to Bounties, and the Bounties paid thereon, and the Places to which all such Linens were exported.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all British and Irish Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 755, distinguishing each Year; and which were intitled to Bounties, and the Bounties paid thereon, and the Places to which such Linens were exported.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Offic rs do lay before this House, an Account of ail foreign Linens imported into that Part ot Great Britain called England, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755,distinguishing each Year, the Species of such Linens, and the Duties paid thereon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Y’ear, the Species of such Linens, and the Duties paid thereon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account ot all foreign Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called,

from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, the Places to which the same were exported, the Species oi such Linens, and the Amount of the Drawbacks paid thereon.

Qrdtred,

Account*, tefpefting the Linen Trade, &o.

Answer to Address for Accounts &c.

29 Geo. II. 200 — 21*

Ordered That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all foreign Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called from

Lady-da} 1736(0 Lady-day 175$, distinguishing each Year, the Places to which the same were exported, the Species of such Linens, and the Amount of the Drawbacks paid thereon.

Ordered, That the Trustees or Commissioners for encouraging and promoting Fisheries, and other Manufactures and Improvements in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, do lay before this House, an Account of

the Linens damped for Sale in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1727 to 1754*

Ordered, That the Trustees or Commissioners for encouraging and promoting Fisheries and Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called do lay before

this House, a State of the Condition and Progress of the Linen Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the ift of November 1730 to the ift of November 1753, together with their Opinion whether any and what Regulations are necessary for the Improvement of the said Manufacture.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Goods and Manufactures exporte d to Germany, from Lady-day 1750 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Goods and Manufactures exported to Holland, from Lady-day 1750 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Goods imported from the East and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported, which were re-exported to Germany, from Lady-day 1750 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Goods imported from the Ea/f and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported which were re-exported to Holland, from Lady-day 1750 to Lady-day 1735, distinguishing Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all British Goods and Manufactures exported to Germany from Lady-day 1734 to Lady-day 1740,distinguishing each Year, and the Species of litch Goods and Manufactures.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all British Goods and Manufactures exported to Holland, from Lady-day 1 734 to Lady-day 1740, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Goods imported from the East and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods

imported, which were re-exported to , from

day 1734 to Lady-day 1740, distinguishing each Year,

and the Quantities and Species of such Goods.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of all Goods imported from the East and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported, which were re-exported to Holland, from Lady-day 1734 to Lady-day 1740, distinguishing each Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods.

The Earl of Hillsborough reported to the House, That

their Address of Tuesday last, That his Majesty would be graciously plea'ed to give Directions that the Ellimates, Lilt, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might belaid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 27.

Novemlris. 305

Veneris, 21® dis

Anno 29® Georgii If4' Regis, 17^5* Prayers.

A PETITION of the Trustees, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the 1 ith and the other in the 26th Year of his Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch , through Hack*

ney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, as also of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, frequently travelling through the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners the said Trustees have cauled the said Roads from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and by the South Side of Cambridge , over Bethnal Green, to be repaired} but have been prevented

from repairing the Road leading from Hackney, by the East Side of Cambridge Htath, to Bethnal Green, a Doubt having arisen, whether the said last mentioned Road be comprehended in either of the said Acts, or ought to be repaired by the Authority thereof; and that it is therefore necessary, in order to the effectual Amendment and Preservation of the said Road, that Provision should be made by Parliament for removing the said Doubt: And further alleging, that, by the said Act of the 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, the said Trustees are impowered to purchase Lands for widening, turning, or altering, any Part of the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and to cause such Lands to be taken into, and made Part of, the said Roads, or to turn the same through any such Lands; and are also impowered, after any such new Road shall be made, or any Lands shall be taken into, and made Part of, the said first-mentioned Roads, to sell and convey the Lands constituting the former Road, as also such Part of the Lands purchased by the said Trustees as shall not be made use of for the Purposes aforesaid; but that a Doubt hath arisen, whether the said Trustees, not being a Corporation or Body Politic, can convey the Fee-simple of any Landsfo by them to be sold; and that it may there- fore be very difficult for the said Trustees, under those Circumstances, to find Persons willing to purchase such Lands: And letting forth, that the said Roads, by reason of their Contiguity to the Suburbs of the City of London, are frequently infefted in the Night-time with Robbers, and other wicked and evil-disposed Persons, upon which account many ol his Majesty’s Subjects coming from the Northern and Eastern Parts of this Kingdom to the said City, as also many others residing in, or resorting to, the said City, and Places adjacent, being often obliged to travel upon the said Roads during that time, are exposed to great Dangers and frequent Outrages and Violences; and that iftbelaid Roadswereenlightened, anda proper Guard was kept thereon (the Expence of both which Services, it is apprehended, maybe defrayed out of the Tolls to be collected upon the said Roads) such Outrages and Offences might in a great measure be prevented: And there-foreprayingthe House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for removing the said Doubts, and for impowering the said Trustees to erect Lamps, and keep a Guard, upon the said several Roads in the Night-time.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fathe, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir IVm. Beauchamp PrcSior, Mr. Cooke, Lord Hobart, Mr. Sergifen, Mr. James Colebrooke, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Walpole, Mr Calvert, Mr. Toxvnjhe Mr. Fonnertau, Mr. More, Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Mr. Martin, Mr. Charlton, Sir Wm, Calvert, Mr. Mr.

Dodington, Mr. Stratton, Lord HiHJborough, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Greatheed, Sir James Creed, Lord Bateman, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hanger, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Prtrwfe, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Webb, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

41

Shdredirck

Lighting)

*c.

30 6

Dicker, Mr. Gore, Sir John Turner, Mr. Mr.

Briflowe, Mr# Hume- Campbell, Mr. Mr. Bond,

Mr, Aklerman Baker, Sir Mr. Gajhry,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Colleton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Grenville, Mr. 0/mius, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Jones, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. liobinjon, Mr. Coventry, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Hill, Mr.

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Lewis, Mr. , Mr. Vernon, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cox, Sir John Morgan; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Cambridge, Suffolk,

and Norfolk, and for the City of LondonAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Morpeth Ordered', That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, in the room of Robert Ord Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chief Baron of his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

C»ll of the Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day

House. Fortnight, the 5th Day of December next.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Supply. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Vriu D CfeBc of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Okehampton, in the County of in the room of the right honourable Sir George Lyttleton 1 ‘ Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough,

hath accepted the Offices of Chancellor and under Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

1755,

several other illegaland unwarrantable Proceedings, a pretended Majority was procured in favour of the said Mr.

Lee and Mr. Honeyzvood, in manifest Prejudice to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confident ion, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem reasonable.

A Petition of several BurgeflTes of the Borough of Ap- Appleby pie by, in the County of Westmoreland, whole Names are EI&3joa thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging. That, at the Election of Burgesses for the said Borough, Sir John Ramsden and Mr. Norton had an undoubted Majority of legal Voters, and ought to have been returned; but that Antho the Returning Officer of the said Borough, behaved with the utmost Partiality in favour of the said Mr. Lee and Mr. Honey-wood, who were returned in open Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, contrary to the several Laws made for securing the Freedom of Elections, and in absolute Defiance of the repeated Senseof this House: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Cud Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions be heard at the Bar of this House upon the 20th

Day of January next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luries, 24* die Novembris;

Annp 29* Georgii II" Regis, 1755.

Praysrs.

R. Charlton, according to Order, reported, from Supply/ the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Fifty thoui’and Seamen be employed for the Sea Service for the Year 1756, including Nine thousand One hundred Thirty-eight Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Fifty thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Meant House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

21 ° — -24° N>

A Petition of Sir John Ramsden Baronet, and Fletcher ELAioi'* Norton Esquire, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That at the Election for Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, the Petitioners, and William Lee and Philip Houeywood Esquires, were Candidates, and Anthony Ward presided as Returning Officer: And alleging, that the said Anthony Ward behaved, through the whole Course of the Poll, with the utmost Partiality in favour of Mr. Lee and Mr. Houeywood, by admitting several Persons to poll for them wl»9 had no Colour of Right, and refusing several who offered to vote for the Petitioners who had an undoubted Right, by which, and

ii' u'

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ckauncey Townsend, Shoreditch Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Carysfort, Colonel Cornwallis, Luting, Sir John Croffe, Lord Dozvne, Lord Parker, Mr. Rey- &c'

nolds, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Hor. Walpole of Castle Fifing, Mr. Thomas Watson, be added to the

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to putin Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the 11 th, and the other in the 26th, Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney to Stanford Hill, and crols Cambridge Heath, aver Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, as also of several Gentlemen,

and

29 Geo. II. 24* — 2 5*~26° . 307

and other Persons, frequently travelling through the said Roads, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is ,2 5" die Novembris;

Anno 29" Georgii II*1 Regis, 1755. Praters.

Wettn)ir.(ler f| ' H E House being informed. That Mr. , from

Bridge. X the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,.

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 26th Day of No~ v ember 1754 to the 18th Day of November 1755»inclu-

live: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridg, from the 10th Day of October 1754 to the 10th Day of October 1755.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said Stato and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

St. M»ry, A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Inha-kitants of the Parish of St. Mary, Newington Butts, in Churchyard. the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Church-yard or Cacmetery of the said Parish is too small for the Burial of their Dead; and that the Land adjoining "North and West, to the said Church-yard being Part of the Glebe of the Rectory of the said Parish, the Petitioners have agreed to enlarge the said Coetnetery or Church-yard, by annexing thereto a Piece of the said Glebe of the Quantity of One Acre; and that there shall be paid to the Petitioner the Red or, and his Successors, the yearly Sum of Three Pounds, as a Satisfaction for the fame, to be secured in such manner as the House shall think fit; and that the Bishop of eester, in Right of his See, Patron of the said Rectory, and the Archbishop of Canterbury, Ordinary of the Diocele, are consentingti.ereto; but that the said Agreement cannot be carried into Execution wi thou t the A id of Parliament: A nd therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the said Coemetery or Church-yard, by annexing the said Piece of the Glebe thereto; and that the said Yearly Sum of Three Pounds may be secured, to be paid to the Petitioner the Rector, and his Successors, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Onslow, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proilor, Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Dr. Hay, Mr. Lord

Geo. Sackville, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Lee, Mr.

Dig by, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Armine -house, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Plummer, Mr. , Sir John

Wynne, Mr. Co/ebrooke, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Calvert, Mr Wittes, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Butler, Mr. Lvjler, Mr. Eger ton. Lord Koyston, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Marlin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hunter, Lord Verney, Sir Richard Warwick Bam/ylde, Mr. Walpole, Mr. More, Mr. Foley, Mr. Popham, Lord Dig by, Mr. Mr. Dodd, Mr.

Walter, Sir William Rowley, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lifteri and all the Members who servefor the Counties of Surrey,

Sussex, and Kent, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Jens Pederfen was presented to the House,' Pederfen* and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

George Colebrooke and Mr. Hardinge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,26° die Novembris;

Anno 29* Georgii II" Regis, x 755-Pr AYERS.

SIR William Beauchamp ProSor reported from /the SfaretttU Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees^ Dghri"gi whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the 1 ith, and the other in the 26th, Year of kis Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and croft Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Gi een, to the Turnpike at Mile Ena, in the County of Middlesex, as also of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, frequently travelling through the said Roads, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deli-' vered it in-at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Part of the said first-mentioned Act was read.

And William Reynolds Esquire feid. That the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in Execution are doubtful whether they have Power to repair such Part of the Road as leads from Hackney, by the East Side of Cambridge Heath, to Bethnal Green, the same not being particularly mentioned in the Qescription of the Roads by the said Acts directed to be repaired.

Then a Clause in the said Act of the 26th Year of hi*

Cfent Majesty, impowering the Trustees to purchase nds for widening or altering any Part of the said Roads, and tofellany Part of the Lands constituting the old Road, was read.

And Hardinge Tomkins Esquire feid. That Application had been made to Counsel; who bad given their Opinion, that the Trustees could not make a proper Title to fuc%

Lands.:

Then to shew that Outrages and Violences had been frequently committed upon the said Hoads,

The Agent called Mr. Richard Davis: Who feid. That a great many Persons coming from the Northern and Eastern Parts of the Kingdom to the City of London, as also great Numbers of Merchants, and others, of the said City, frequently travel upon the said Roads, and are often obliged to pass thereon in the Night-time, and are thereby subject to Robberies, and other Outrages, which are fie-questly committed, the.many Avenues out of the said Roads into the Suburbs of the Town giving the Persons guilty of such Offences an Opportunity of easily making their Escape; but that il the said Roads were enlightened, and a proper Guard kept thereon in the Night-time, such Outrages would in all Probability be in a great measur prevented.

Doctor Silvtjler confirmed the Evidence given by Mr.

Davis.

And

Arid Mr.' Toihkins said, Thit he was authorized by the foie Mortgagee of the Tolls (who, being ill, could not attend) to inform the Committee, that he, the said Mortgagee, is willing that Provision should be made out of (he Tolls for enlightening and watching the said Roads, in order to prevent such Mischiefs and Offences.

And Mr. Reynolds further said, That the Trustees do

i pot doubt but the Expence of the aforesaid Services may

' be defrayed out of the said Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for obviating.certain Doubts which have ariten upon Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the nth Year of his Majesty’s Reigrv, for repairing the Road from Church., through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and crOfe Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of r, and the other made

in the 26 th Year, of his Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act; and for impowering the Trustees under the said Acts to erect and maintain Lamps, and keep a Guard, upon the said Roads in the Night-time: And that Sir Beauchamp

ProElor, Ml. Cookej Sit Johti and Colonel Cornwallis, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. -

o'Ridwtf A Petition of Richard Earl and Sanderson Miller

Inclosur*. Esquire, beingOwners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and impropriate Tythes, lying and being and arising within the common Field of Radway, in the Township of Radway, in the Coumy of; and also of Edward

Hughes Clerk, Vicar-of the Parish Church of Radway aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That his Majesty is Patron of the Advowson of the Par’rlh Church of Radway aforesaid; and that the said Edward Hughes is Vicar of the said Parish Church, and, in Right of his laid Church, is leifed of certain Glebe Lands, Reftorial and Impropriate Tythes, within the said common Field, and also of certain Vicarial or small Tythes, and of certain Modules or Compositions in lieu of small Tythes, -respectively issuing and payable for or in respect of other Lands and Grounds lying in the lard Field-; and that the said Richard Earl Temple, Sanderson Miller, and divers other Persons, arc Owners of the rest of the Lands, Grounds, and Reftorial Tythes, within the said common Field; and that the said several Lands and Grounds he intermixed and dilpered in small Parcels in and over tire said common Field, and are most of them inconveniently situated with respect to the Houses of the said Proprietors in the said Township of Radway; and, by reason thereof, a sufficient Quantity of Manure and Compost cannot, without great Difficulty and Expence, be conveyed to the fame, nor frequent Trespasses and JDisputes among the several Proprietors and their Tenants be prevented; and that so long as theiaid common Field lies open and commonable, the same will produce but little Profit to the respect ive Proprietors and Owners thereof, and is, in its present Situation, incapable of improvement; and that the Petitioners are delirous that the said Common Field and common Grounds may be inclosed, and that specific Parts and Shares thereof may be assigned arid allotted to and amongst the several Proprietors thereof respectively, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion for their respective Lands, Grounds, Tythes, common Right, and Interest in the said common Field, as the same is now uninelofed; but that although such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, will tend greatly to (he Advantage of the several Parties concerned, and be a great Improvement of their respective Properties and Interestsin the said common Field, yet the same cannot be effectually made and established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

And a Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition;

M r. Secretary' Fox, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his \

4. 1755*

Cunfent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: and that Sir Charles Mordaunt and Mr. Craven, do prepare, and bring m, the feme. ——

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majestyi -

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Way* whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for railing Me"s' the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton repotted from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Secretary Fox presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Copy of the Treaty, and of the separate and fecre’t Ar- Treat* trcles belonging thereto, between his Majesty and the w‘l(l Empress of Russia, signed at Petersburgh, the -J-lth of September 1755:

And Translation.

Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty and the Empress of Russia, signed at Moscow, the nth of December 1742.

Copy of Four separate Articles belonging to the said Treaty, signed at Moscow, the 1 ith of December 1742:

And Translation.

Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe Cassel, signed at , the 18th of

June 175$:

And Transtations.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst die other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followeth; viz.

Translation of the Treaty, and of the Two separate and secret Art ides belonging thereto, between his Majesty and the Empress of Russia, signed at St. Petersburg,

4i-th September 1755.

In the Name of the Holy and Undivided Trinity.

Whereas the sincere and intimate Friendship which unites his Britannic Majesty and her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias, as well as the Engagements which they contrafted by the Treaty of Defend vc Alliance of the Year 174a, oblige them at all times to be watchful of the public Tranquillity and their reciprocal Security: And whereas, in the present Conjuncture of Affairs, the Preservation of the General Peace, and the Defence of their respective Dominions, Rights, and Subjects, have appeared to them necessarily to require that they should be guarded against the Attacks with which they may be threatened on the Part of any Power whatever, by (ccuring a Body of Troops capable of making a powerful Diver-fion in case of such Attacks: And whereas, considering

the

26° Novembri

29 Geo. II#

the present Situation, the Contingents of the Succours stipulatedby the above-mentioned Treaty, would not be iuificient for all the aforesaid Objects, his Britannic Majesty and her Imperial Majesty of all the have

thought proper to concert, before-hand, the farther Mea-furcs of Precaution which the general Tranquillity* and their common Interests and Security seem to demand:

' and, for this Purpose, they, have authorized their respective Ministers; that is to say. His Majesty the King of Great Britain, Sir Charles Williams Knight of

the most honourable Order of the Bath, One of the Members of the Parliament at Great , and his Ambaffadour at the Court of the Emprefsof all the and

her Imperial Majesty of all the Raffias, her Chancellor, actual Privy Counsellor, Senator, and Knight of the Orders of Saint Andrew, of the White , and of Saint Alexander Newjhy, Alexis Count dt Beftouckeff Rumin, and her Vice Chancellor, actual Privy Counsellor, Lieutenant of the Company of the Body Guards, actual Chamberlain, and Knight Of the Orders of Saint Andrew, of the White Eagle, of the Black E,of St. Alexander Newjky, and of St. Anne, Michael Count dt who having

communicated their respective full Powers, and having conferred together, have agreed on the following Articles.

Article I.

The High Contrafting Parties renew expressly, by this Convention# the Treaty of defensive Alliance concluded between them, the 11 th December 1742, at in

all its Articles, and confirm the Stipulations of the Succours to be given reciprocally, as they are contained in the 4th Article of the said Treaty, which Succours shall be furnished on each Side in the Manner and on the Conditions therein expressed.

Article a.

Whereas it is declared by the 17th Article of the before-mentioned Alliance,." That if the Succours therein stipulated should not be sufficient, the Contrafting Parties shall then agree, without Delay, on the farther Suc-" cour&to be given and as that would not answer the Ends proposed, and there may happen Cales which may hot allow them Time to agree thereupon:

In order to obviate the Incohveniencies which would necessarily result from such a Delay, they have agreed to settle, from henceforth, and at all Events, the Means of their Defence; With this View, her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias has not only caused to march towards the Frontiers of Livonia, adjoining to Lithuania, but engages

also to hold there as long as this Convention shall subsist, as near to those Frontiers as the Quarters will permit, a Body of her Troops, amounting to 55,000 Men t that is to say, 40,000 Infantry of her regular Troops, furnished with the.necessary Artillery, and 15,000 Cavalry, >'composed of Tfree Regiments of Cuirafiiers, of Twenty Companies of Horse Grenadiers, of Two Regiments of Hussars, and the Remainder of light Troops, to wit, of Cossacks and of Calmucks, each with Two Horses, as many as shall be wanting to complete these 15,000 Cavalry; lo that the whole Infantry and Cavalry shall form a complete Body of 55,000 Men.

Article 3.

Her Imperial Majesty engages, moreover, to cause to be held in Readiness, during the time above specified, on the Coasts of the above-mentioned Province, Forty or Fifty Galleys, with the necessary Crews, in Condition to act on the First Order.

/ Article 4.

I The Body of Troops and the Galleys, mentioned in the Two preceding Articles, shall not be put in Activity, but in case his Britannic Majesty, or any of his Allies, should be attacked; and, in that Cafe* the General Commander in Chief of the said Corps, who, for this Purpose, shall be furnished before-hand with the Orders of her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias, shall march, as soon as he shall receive the Requisition on the Part of his Britannic Majestr, and shall make, as loon as possible, a Diversion with a Body of 30,000 Infantry, provided with the necef-Vci. 2 7.

l°9

fary Artillery, and with all the 15,600 Cavalry above Treaty mentioned, atld shall embark at the same time the other with

10,boo Infantry on board the 40 or 50 Galleys, in order Russia.

to make a Delcent, according to the Exigence of the Cafe* and the Utility of the Service.

Article 5.

In case the Dominions of his Britannic Majesty in Germany should be invaded* on account of Interests which regard his Kingdoms, her Imperial Majesty declares, that (he will look upon such an invasion as a same of the above-said Alliance of 1742 and that the said Dominions shall be therein comprised in this respect*

Article 6.

In Consideration of so important an Augmentation of the Succour ftipul&ted by the Treaty of defensive Alliance above mentioned, as also of all the other extraordinary Expences which the March and Maintenance of Troops in Livonia, with the Artillery and its Appurtenances, as well as the Preparations of the Galleys, may have cost, or shall still cost, his Britannic Majesty promises and engages to cause to be paid to her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruf-Jifis the Sum of 500,000 Pounds Sterling to

be reckoned from the Day when the Body of her Troops shall have passed the Frontiers of her Dominions, in Con-' sequenceof the Requisition made by his Majesty the King of Great Britain. This Sum shall be paid by Baron Resident of Great Britain, in the Place where it shall be demanded, at the Rate of Ten Florins and Fifteen Stivers, current Money of Holland, for every Pound Sterling, and always Four Months ih Advance and the First Payment thereof shall be made the Day that this Body shall go out of the Dominions of her Imperial Majesty.

Article 7.

Whereas her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias is particularly interested in the Preservation of the Tranquillity of the North, and that no Innovation iliould happen in the Neighbourhood of her Dominions; considering also the Proximity of the Countries wherein the Diversion irt question will probably be made, and the Facility her Troops will have of subsisting immediately in an Enemy’s Country, (he takes upon herself alone, during such a Diversion, the Subsistence and Treatment of the said Troops by Sea and Land; as also the heavy Artillery which they may have Occasion for, and of the Requisites thereto be* longing.

Article 8.

Her Imperial Majesty engages to continue the Diversion to be made, and not to recall her Troops, even though (he should be attacked by any other Power. On the other hand, his Britannic Majesty promises, that, in case her Majesty the Empress should be disturbed in the said Diversion, or should be attacked herself, hh Britannic Majesty wilifurnish immediately the Succour stipulated by the Treaty of 1742.

Article 9.

In case that, contrary to all Expectation, a War should break out, his Britannic Majesty engages to fend into the Baltic Sea a Squadron of his Ships of Force, suitable to the Circumstances; and the Admiral Of this Squadron shall act in Concert with the Imperial Russian Army, as long as they shall be within Reach of each other;

Article IO;

For the ConVeniency and Readiness of Corresponderice, his Britannic Majesty shall keep with the auxiliary Body (which shall be commanded solely by the General whom her Majesty the Empress shall put at their Head, to whom also the Person who shall command the Galleys is to be subject)* a Cohimiflary, who, as well as the Admiral of the British Squadron, in case there should be one, shall always be invited and admitted tb the General Councilsof War; and shall have, moreover, Communication of every thing which may concern the common Service.

Article ti.

All the Plunder Which the Ruffiait Ttoops shall gain from the Enemy, of what Nature and Quality soever, shall be for the Advantage of those same Troops.

4 K Article

26° NoDenlbris.

Trcnry

with

RulTia.

31°

Article J 2.

In case thefeauxiliary Troops Ihoukl be obliged to pass,' in their March, the Territories of the Republic of Poland, his Britannic Majesty takes upon himselfthe Care of obtaining from his Polish Majesty, and the Rupublic. of Poland, free Passage through the said Territories.

Article 13.

This Convention shall subsist for the Space of Four Years, to be reckoned from the Day when the Ratifications of it Hull be exchanged.

Article 14.

In case Peace should be made, or the Object of the Dr-; verlion to be made should cease to exist, before the Expiration of the Four Years, above mentioned, the abovesaid auxiliary Body shall return also before that time into the Dominions of her Imperial Majesty; and his Britannic, Majesty consents, that after the Return, the said Body; shall enjoy Three Months of the Succour agreed on; but in case Peace should not be made before- that Term, then the contracting Parties shall agree farther upon the Prolongation of this Convention. .

Article 15. .:

The present Convention shall be ratified, and the Let* ters of Ratification shall be exchanged, at St. Petersburgh, within the Term of Two Months, or sooner, if that can be done.'

In Witness whereof, we, the under-written Ministers, have made two Copips of this Convention of the same Tenor;, the which, by virtue of our full Powers, we have signed, and thereto put the Seals of our Arms. Done at

St. Petersburghthis ^llll!!C!;n,h of -in the Year

j Thirtieth

C. Hanbury Williams,(L. S.)

AlexijComte de BefloncheffRumin, (L. S.)

Michel Comte de Woronzovt, (I,. S.)

First separate and secret Article.

Whereas her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias has caul’ed to be represented to his Britannic Majesty, that the March of the Troops, as well Infantry as Cavalry, stipulated in the Treaty signed this Day, towards the Frontiers of Livonia, as also the Artillery, with what belongs thereto,. with which her Imperial Majesty has charged herself, and the Expence required to maintain them there during Four Years, as well as the necessary Preparations for keeping in lleadiness the Galleys during the said Term, have already cost, and must dill cost, great Sums of Money, over and above what would otherwise have been necessary for the ordinary Service of these Troops; in Consideration of what is above, and of the great Utility which the remaining of such a Body of Troops in the above-mentioned Province, during the 1 Term of Four Yeats, will be of, and the better to enable her Imperial Majesty to supply the Expence thereof, h is Britannic Majesty has been pleated to engage himself,' and engages himself by this Article, tofurniih a Succour, at the Rate of 100,000 Pounds Sterling per Annum, payable each Year before-hand, to be reckoned from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications to the Day that, on the Requisition of his Britannic Majesty, this Body of Rup pan T loops shall go* out of her Imperial Majesty’s Dominions; for, from that Day, the abovesaid Succour of

100,000 Pounds Sterling is intirely to cease; because the Payment of the Sum of 500,000 Pounds Sterling

num, which has been agreed upon by the 6th Article of the Treaty, must commence and besubstituted in the room of it; so that whatever shall then be found paidih Advance at the Rate of the abovesaid 100,coo Pounds Ster-. ling pir Annum, shall bedilcounted and deducted from the Payment of the ;oo, oco Pounds Sterling; it being to be understood that his Britannic Majesty shall be at Liberty to fend once every Year into the said Province of Livonia a Commissary, to fee and examine the Number and Condition of the (aidTroops: Moreover, what is stipulated in the 6th Article of the Treaty signed this Dav, with regard to the Manner of paying the Succour in Money, is exprefe.lv confirmed by this present Article.

': - m8 ' '

A: 175 5

This separate and secret Article $iall be of the same Force and Vigour, as if it was inserted, Word for Word, in the Treaty ligned this Day; and shall be approved and ratified in like manner- and the Ratification thereof shall be exchanged at the feme Time, and at, the iatr.e Place* as the principal Treaty.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-written Pienipotenr tiary Ministers, have signed the pretent Article, and put the Seals of our Arms . thereto.'’, Done at St.

this If di of September 17 55.

C. Hanbitry Williams,(L. S.)

- - Alexij Comte de. Befloucheff Jiumin, (L. S.)

I,:;. 'Michel Cimie deWoranzow, (L. S.) "

Second separate and secret Article.

' Whereas her Imperial Majesty. of all the; has

engaged herself, by the'Treaty signed this Day, to furnifti to his Majesty the King of Great Britain so donff-defiiWe a Succour, and will consequently take a great Share in the War, if one should happen, the Two High Contratfling Parties engage themselves mutually to communicate to each other, confidentially, every thing that may relate to any Negotiation with the common Enemy, and shall employ, in Concert, all their Efforts to procure themselves a Peace on' honourable and advantageous Conditions, for theix reciprocal Interests. '

This separate and secret Article shall be of the feme Force and Vigour, as if it was inserted, Word for Word* in the Treaty ligned this Day; and shall be approved and ratifiedin lik*-manner, and the Ratification thereof shall be exchanged, at the feme Time, and at the same Place, as the principal Treaty.

In Witness whereof, we, the underwritten Plenipotentiary Ministers, have signed the present Article, and put the Seals of our Arms thereto* Done at Sc. Petersburgh this yfth September, 1755.

C. Hanbury Williams, (Li. S.), 7

Alexij Comte de Befloucheff (L. S.)

Michel Comte de (L. S.)

Tran fiat ion of the Treaty between his Majesty and (he Empress of Russia, signed at December 1 ith,

1742. (

In the Name of the most Holy Trinity.

Whereas the most Serene, most High, and tnoft Potent Prince and Lord, George the Second, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Duke of Brunswick and Luneburg, Elector and Arch Treasurer of the Roman Empire, (sic. and the most Serene, most High and most potent Princess and Lady, the Lady Petrozvna, Empress and foie Monarch of all the Ruflias, (Ac. (plenotitulo), have considered how flfefnl and (alu-tary it might be to their respective States and Subjects, and also how much it might contribute to the Maintaining of the general Tranquillity of Europe, and Df that of the North in particular, not only to cultivate, by all. manner of good Offices, as they have done hitherto, a strict Union between themselves, but also to extend the Obligations of their Friendship, and to, render it more effectual, and more applicable to the Cafes that might happen, by providing for their reciprocal Security by a Treaty of defen-five Alliance: For this Purpose, their feid Majesties have thought proper to name and authorize Ministers on the one Part and on the other; that is to fey, His Majesty the King of Great Britain has named, for Plenipotentiary on his Part, Sir Cyril, IWich Baronet, his Plenipotentiary Minister to her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruflias, and her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruflias has named for Plenipotentiaries on her Part, the Vice Chancellor of the Empire, the actual Privy Counsellor, Senator, and Knight of I he Orders of St. Andrew, of the White Eagle, and of St. Alexander,

Alexij Count de Bcflouchff Rumin, and the Privy Counsellor and Knight of the Order of St. , Charles

De Brevern; who, having conferred together by virtue of their respective full Powers, have agreed upon thefollow-ing Articles. ’ '

Article

26° Novem

l

1

t

i \

je

j-

r

tf

a

05

ii

r I

ii*

r:

]C

ie

ii

tr

al

s

j

Cl

i'

il

I*

If

ao Geo.. II. 26° Novem311

3. ... i . i: , ‘ . Article'!: ' ‘

There shall be for ever, between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and her. Imperial Majesty of all t lie RuJ-

Jias,- their Heirs Ytr.d SucccUojs, as alib between their Kingdoms, Countries, States, People, and Subjects, every where, as well by Sea as by Land, a faithful, firm, and perpetual Friendship, Alliance, and Union; and they shall, on the one Side and the other, be lb far from doing any Injury or Damage to each other, that they shall exert them Lives in promoting their mutual Interests, and in maintaining each otherreciprocally in the Kingdoms, Provinces, States, Rights, Commerce, Immunities, and Prerogatives whatsoever, which they were possessed of before the Year 1741, or which t hey may acquire by Treaties.

Article 2.

For this Purpose it is agreed, That if in Times to come/ their said Majesties, or either of them, Ihoulc) be attacked by Sea or Land, by whomsoever it be, they shall lend each other, immediately after Requisition, the necessary Succours, which shall be determined as well with regard to the Nature as to the Quantity, according to what is hereafter ftipuluted in the following Articles of this Treaty.

Article 3.

His Britannic Majesty and her Imperial Majesty from henceforth declare, that they do not mean, by making this Alliance, to offend or injure any one Dover; but that it is, on the contrary, their only Aim and Design to provide, by thele Engagements, for their reciprocal Advantage and Security, and to contribute, as much as it shall depend upon their Care, to the Preservation of the general Peace of Europe, and ot that of the North in particular; for which Ends, they shall employ themselves in the most effectual mannerpofT:Me, and shall mutually communicate to eaclt other their Ideas and Cuunfels for that Purpose.

Article 4.

As the principal Design and End of this Alliance is rmr tually to secure one another from all Invasion, Injury, and Damage, and as each of the High Contracting Parties desires nothing moreearnefl.lv than to be able always to fulfil this reciprocal Engagement in the Manner which shall be most advantageous to their Ally, according to the Means which God has put into their Hands respectively; and as the natural Strength of Great Britain principally consists in Ships of War, and that of Rvjjia in Land Forces, it is agreed, that, in case his Britannic Majesty should be attacked or disturbed in his Kingdoms, Provinces, States, or Possessions whatever, so as to find it necessary to require his Ally’s Assistance, her Imperial Majesty of all the Raffias will fend him forthwith Ten shoulmd Infantry and Two thousand Cavalry; which Succour shall be continued to him, on the Part of her Imperial Majesty, during the whole time that the said Attack or Disturbance shall last; and on the other -hand, in case her Imperial Majesty of all the should be attacked

on disturbed in her Kingdoms, Provinces, States, or Pof-sessions whatever, liras to find it necessary to require her Ally’s Assistance, his Britannic Majesty will lend her forthwith a Squadron ol Twelve Men of War of the Line, carrying Seven hundred Guns, according to the following Lift: Two Si tips of Seventy Guns, making together 140 Guns and 960 Men; Six Ships of 60 Guns, making 360 Guns anti 2400 Men; Four Ships of 50 Guns, making 100 Guns and 1200 Men; in the Whole, Twelve Ships, 700 'Guns and 4560 Men; That Squadron shall be duly fitted cut and armed for War; which Succour shall be in like planner continued to her during the whole time the said Attack or Disturbance shall last.

Article 5.

Hut if the Nature of the Attack or Invasion was such> tint the Patty attacked or invaded should not find it suitable to demand the spedfic Succoursstipulated in the preceding Article, as not being proper for their Defence, the Aid High Com nutting Panic , in order togive each other, in every i hing. Pi eolsot their sincere and friendly Intentions t-'winds cat h her, have agreed by this Article, that, the said same <-:i if ing, they shall reciprocally succour each other,

Vol. 2-.

after Requisition made, in the following Manner; that is. to say, if his Britannic Majesty should find himself attacked, her Imperial Majesty of all the RvJJins shall cauie the Sum of 500,000 Roubles a Year to be paid to him, during the whole tipie that the Attack or Trouble, which shall have occasioned the said Demand, on the Part of his Britannic Majesty, shall last, in order to enable him to . support the Expences of the War; and if it was her Imperial Majesty of all the RuJJias who should be attacked, his Britannic Majesty shall furnish her the like Sum of Money yearly, as longas the Attackor Disturbance, which shall have occasioned this Demand, shall last.

Article 6.

In case the Party required, after having furnished the Assistance stipulated by the 4th Article of this Treaty, should be attacked themselves, so that it should be neccl-lary for thera torccall their Forces for their own Security, they shall be at Liberty to do it Two Months after they shall have duly apprised the Party requiring thereof; and it is likewise stipulated, that, in case the Party required should, at the time of the Requisition, find themselves involved in a War, so that it should be absolutely necessary to keep at Home, for their own Security and Defence, such Forces as they ought to furnish to their Ally by virtue of this ^Treaty; when this same happens, the Party required shall bedispensed with, for the time the said Ne-cdlity shall last, from furnishing the above-mentioned Succour.

Article 7.

The auxiliary Troops of RuJ/ia shall be provided with a Field Artillery of Two Three Pounders lor each Batta- 9 lion, and with warlike Stores; and shall likewise be paid, replaced, and recruited^by herlmperial Majesty of all the RuJJias; but his Britannic Majesty shall furnish them the Portions, to wit, a Pound of Flesh per Diem, Bread, or, instead of it, 60 Pounds of Rye Flour Month, a Pound of Salt and Four Pounds of Grots per Month; tho Weight reckoned upon the Foot of Holland, and the Rations of Forage, Oats, Hay, according to the Russian military Establishment, and in Holland Weight, as well as the necessary Quarters; the Whole upon the same Foot as those Troops are used to be subsisted by her Imperial Majesty of all the RuJJias.

Article 8.

In calc the said Russianauxiliary Troops, being demanded by his Britannic Majesty, were to march by Land, as it might be indispensable for the said Troops to pal's through the Dominions of same other Powers, his Britannic Majesty shall take care to procure a free Passage for them, furnishing them with Bread and Forage in the same manner as is stipulated in the preceding Article of this Treaty; and when they shall have the Sea to pass, his Britannic Majesty shall take upon himself either to transport them in his own Ships, or to furnish the Expences of this Transportation; which is likewise to be understood as well with regard to the Recruits which her Imperial Majesty shall be obliged to send to the said Troops, according to the preceding Article, as with regard to the Return of those Troops, upon their

being either sent back by his Britannic Majesty, or recalled by her Imperial Majesty of all the or her own De-

fence, according to the Sixth Article of this Treaty: It is moreover stipulated, that when the aforesaid Troops shall be either recalled or Lent back, a sufficient Convoy of Men of War shall escort them for their Security.

Article 9.

When the said Succours shall be respectively furnished on the one Side or the other, though each Commanding Officer, either of the Squadron which his Britannic Majesty is to furnish to Russia, or of the auxiliary Troops of her Imperial Majesty of all the keeps the Command he has been intrustedwith, the General Command Ihallindifputably belong to him whom the Party requiring shall name for that Purpose; upon Condition that nothing of Importance shall be undertaken, without its being previously examined and resolved upon in the Council of

War

T rrsty-\vi* h Russia.

i6° Novem.

Tieatv with Ruflfcu

51a

War, and in the Pretence of the General-and Commanding Officers of the Party required.

Article 10.

And that there may be no Difficulty or Mistake with regard to Rank and Character, the Party requiring shall notify ih Time what Commander is tb be employed for the Command in Chief, either of the Fleet or of the Land Forces; to the end that the Party required may settle and proportion the Rank, and Character of the Person who shall have the Command of the auxiliary Troops or Ships.

Article ix.

The auxiliary Forces Hull have their own Ministers or Preachers, and the free Exercise of Religion; and shall not be tried upon whatever relates to the military Service, but according to the Laws, Articles of War, and Ordinances of their own Country: But if any Disputes should arise between the Officers or Soldiers of the combined Forces, they shall be examined and debated by Commifla-ries, in equal Number, of both Parties, and the Offenders shall be puifished according to the Articles of War of their Sovereign. In likesmanner, the General, as well as the rest of the auxiliary Forces, shall be allowed to carry on a free Correspondence with their Country, whether by Letters or by Expresses.

Article 12.

The auxiliary Forces on the one Side and on the other shall be kept together, as far as that can be done; and, in order that the said respective auxiliary Forces may not be exposed to greater Fatigues than the others, and that there may be an exact Equality in all Expeditions and Operations, the General in Chief shall be obliged to observe a just Proportion in all the Commands, according to the Strength of the whole Fleet or Army.

Article 13.

The Squadron of Ships which his Britannic Majesty is to furnish by virtue of this Alliance, shall be admitted in all the Ports of her Imperial Majesty of all the , where it shall be treated in the most friendly Manner, and provided with every thing it may (land in need of, upon paying the same Price as is paid by the Men of War of her Imperial Majesty of all the; and the said Squa-

dron shall be allowed to return each Year of the War to the Ports of Great Britain, as soon as the Season will not

permit them any longer to keep at Sea; provided it be expressly stipulated, that whenever the same of this Treaty shall exist, the Squadron his Britannic Majesty is to fur-nifti shall arive every Year in the Baltic about the Beginning of the Month of May, and shall not leave that Sea before the Beginning of the Month of October.

Article 14.

The Party requiring, upon making the Demand of the Succour stipulated by thisTreaty, shall, at the same time, acquaint the Party required with the Place where it is intended the said Succour should forthwith repair; and the said Party requiring shall be at Liberty to employ the aforesaid Succour during the whole time it shall be continued to them, in such Manner and such Places as they shall judge most convenient for their Service against the Aggressor.

Article if.

It is agreed, that the same of this Treaty of Alliance shall not be extended to the Wars which may happen to arise between her Imperial Majesty of all the and the Ottoman Porte, or the Tartars, or other

Eastern Nations; his Britannic Majesty being to be dispensed with, in any one of theft Cafes, from furnishing the Succours stipulated by this Treaty; as in like manner, on the other Side, her Imperial Majesty of all the Rufsias shall not be obliged to furnish the Succours stipulated by this Treaty for the Defence of his Britannic Majesty’s l’oflessions in America, or in any Part whatsoever out of Europe.

Article 16.

It is also agreed, that, on account of the great Distance of Places, the Troops which her Imperial Majesty of all the Rufsias shall be to furnish by virtue of this Alliance,

1755-

for the Defence of his Britanhic Majesty, (tall not be lent either into Spain, Portugal, or

Article 17.

If the Succours stipulated in the 4th Article of this Treaty are not sufficient, then the Contrafling Parties shall agree, without Delay, about the further Succours which they shall give each other.

Article 18.

If it should happen that they should be obliged to have Recourl'e to Force of Arms, neither Peace nor Truce shall be made without including therein such of the Contrafling Parties as shall not have been attacked, that they may suffer no Damage in Relentment for the Succours they shall have given to their Ally.

Article 19.

The present Defensive Alliance shall be no Obstacle to, nor in anywise derogate from, the Treaties and Alliances which may have been entered into by the contrasting Parties with other Kings, Princes, or States, in lb far as the said Treaties shall not be contrary to the present Treaty, or to the Friendftnp and good Understanding which shall always be ftriflly observed between them.

Article 20.

Their said Majesties have moreover agreed, that they shall concert together about the Admission of l'uch other Powers as might be disposed to enter into this Alliance.

Article 21.

The Peace, Friendship, and good Understanding, shall lad for ever between the High Contrafling Parties; but as it is usual to fix a certain Time for Treaties of formal Alliance, the said High Contrafling Parties have agreed that this One shall continue in Force for the Space of Fifteen Years, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing of this Treaty.

Article 22.

This present Treaty of defenfiVe Alliance shall be approved and ratified by his Britannic Majesty and by her Imperial Majesty of all the R; and the Letters of Ratification in due Form shall be exchanged at St. kurgh, within the Space of Two Months, or sooner, if possible.

In Testimony whereof, the aforesaid Plenipotentiary Ministers on both Sides have ligned the present Treaty of Alliance, and have put the Seals of their Arms thereto. Done at Moscow the 1 ith of December 1742.

(L. S.) Cyrill IVich.

1 ft Separate Article.

It is agreed by this separate Article, that the Treaty of Commerce and Navigation which was concluded, on tire 4th of December 1734, between his Britannic Majesty and her Imperial Majesty of all the Rufsias, shall be confirmed in all its Points and Articles by the Present Alliance; and . it i$ now agreed, that it shall remain in Force, and shall be reciprocally observed for the feme time as this Alliance shall last, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing of the Treaty of this Day. The present separate Article shall have the feme Force and Vigour as H" it was inserted in the Treaty signed this Day; and shall be approved and ratified in like manner, and the Letters of Ratification thereof shall be exchanged at the same Time, and in the same Place, as those of the Treaty.

In Witness whereof, the Plenipotentiary Ministers on both Sides have signed the present separate Article, and have thereto put the Seals of their Arms. Done at Moj-cow the nthof December 1742.

(L.S.) Cyrill Wish.

ed Separate Article.

His Britannic Majesty and her Imperial Majesty of all the Rufsias, having this Day concluded a Treaty between themselves, the foie End and Intention whereof is to provide for their mutual Defence, and to maintain, as (hr as shall depend upon their Care, the publicTranquillity, and that of the North in particular: and their Majesties having considered the drift Friendship and Alliance which already subsistsbetween each of them and his Majesty the King of

Poland,

19 Geo. II. a6°-Novembris. 313

Poland, F.lcftor of Saxony, of which they desire to straiten the Bonds still more and more, and their Majesties being at the same time a (fared that his said Polish Majesty finds himself in the same Disposition towards them, and that he will be ready to concur, on his Part, in the salutary Ends above mentioned; they have agreed to invite his said Majesty immediately to enter, as Elector of Saxony, into the said Treaty, or into such Articles thereof as he {hail declare to them to be fuirable to him with regard to his Situation, and to the Interests and Forces of his hereditary Countries, and upon which their Majesties shall concert together, and (h ill agree with his iaiu Majesty the King of Poland: And it is farther agreed, that, upon his said Polish Majesty’s acceding, as is said above,

in his Quality of Elector, either to this whole Treaty, or to such Engagements thereof as shall have been agreed upon with him, he shall be reputed and Considered as One of the principal and contrafting Parties to the said Treaty. This fcp.uate Article shall have the same Force and Vigour as if it was inserted in the Treaty signed this Day, and shall be approved and ratified in like manner, and the Letters of Ratification thereof shall be exchanged at the same Time, and in the same Place, as those of the Treaty.

Ia Witr.eis w.iereof, the Plenipotentiary Ministers on both Sides have figrwd the present separate Article, and have thereio put the Seals of their Arms. Done at M<jfcviv, the nth of December 1742.

(L.S.) Cyril/ Hrich.

3d Separate Article.

Whereas, in the Treaty of this Day, the High Contracting Panics have agreed to concert togerher about the Adnufiioa of such other Powers as may be disposed so enter into this Alliance: And whereas his Majesty the King of Poland, as Elector of Saxony, has, from the Beginning, been comprehended therein by a separate Article, drawn up in Concert and agreeably to the Desires of that Prince; it is farther agreed. That, though the said Contracting Parties have reserved to themselves the Ad million of other Powers to this Treaty, conformably to what is ftipuhtted upon that Subject, the reciprocal Intention is to c ..mprehend therein, principally and from henceforth, hu Majesty the King of and the States

General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, and tp invite them thereto in the same manner as his Majesty the King of Poland has been therein comprehended; in the full Perluafion that those said Powers find themselves sincerely disposed to concur in the End of this Treaty, and in the Maintenance of the public Tianquillity, and of that of the North in particular. This separate Article shall have the same Force and Vigour as if it was inserted in the Treaty signed this Day, and shall be approved and ratified in like manner, and the Letters of Ratification thereof shall be exchanged at the same Time, and in the same Place, as those of the Treaty.

In Witness whereof, the Plenipotentiary Ministers on both Sides have signed the present separate Article, and have thereto put the Seals of their Arms. Done at Moscow, the 11 th of December 1742.

(L. S.) Cyril/Wich,

4th Separate Article.

Whereas his Britannic Majesty is desirous of giving her Imperial Majesty of all the a distinguished Mark

of his Ft'iendship and Esteem, he has been pleased to yield to the Instances which have been made to him, on her Part, and to acknowledge, by the present separate Article, her Quality of Limprefs, for her and her Successors in the Imperial Throne of R and to give them the Title thereof; on this express Condition, nevertheless, that her Imperial Majesty of all the and her Successors, shall never, on account of this Quality, and of this Title, claim any Prerogative or Pre-eminence in any manner whatever; and that this Acknowledgment shall not at any time cause any Sort of Change in the Ceremonial which has been observed hitherto with regard to the Rank of the Ministers of their laid Imperial and Britannic Ma-Vol. 27.

jeftics, or in any other manner whatever, either in their own Courts or in those where they may respectively have Ministers. The present separate Article shall have the same Force and Vigour as if it had been inserted in the Treaty signed this Day, and shall be approved and ratified in like manner, and the Letters of Ratification thereof shall be exchanged at the Came Time, and in the same Place, as those of the Treaty.

In Witness whereof, the Plenipotentiary Ministers of the High Contrafting Parties have signed the prefear separate Article, and have thereto put the Seals of their Arms. Done at Mo 1 cow, tire 11th of December 1742.

(L. S.) Cyril I Mich.

Transiation of the Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajjel; signed at Hanover, June 18th, 1756.

Be it known to all whom it may concern, That- his Majesty the King of Great , and liismost Serene Highness the Landgrave of having called to

mind the drift Ties which unite the Interests ot their respective Houses, anil having judged that, in 1 he present Situation of Affairs, it would, contribute to the reciprocal Benefit of Great Britain and the States of to

strengthen and confirm, by a new Treaty of defensive Alliance, the Union which subsists between them; His Britannic Majesty, and his mofl Serene Highness the said Landgrave, have thought proper to direct, for this Purpose, their respective Ministers; that is to say. His said Majesty, Robert bar! of Holdern One of his principal Secretaries of Si ate, and the most Serene Landgrave, his Major General, General of Artillery, and Governor of the Refulence of Cajjel, Commander of the Teutonic Order, the

S;eur Diederic Diedede Fwjlenjl and the Sieur Jijius

Henry Alt, hi-' Privy Counsellor of Legation, and Minister, charged with his Affairs, to enter into Conference thereupon; who, after the Excnat ge of their respective fail Powers, have agreed upon the Points and Articles following.

Article 1.

There shall be, betw'een his Majesty the King of Great Britain and his most Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajjel, their Successors and Heirs, a drift Fiiend-ship, and a sincere, firm, and lading Union; insomuch that the one shall consider the Interefb of the other as his own, and shall apply himself sincerely to advance them to the ut most, and to prevent and avert mutually all Trouble and Damage.

Article 2.

To this end it is agreed, that all former Treaties, principally of Guaranty, be deemed to be renewed and confirmed by the present Treaty, in all their Points, Articles, and Clauses, and shall be of the same Force as if they were inserted in this. Word for Word, lo far as is not derogated from them by the present Treaty. '

Article 3.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain having desired to secure, for his Service, a Body of the Troops of the most Serene Landgrave, in case the Good of his Kingdoms and States should require this Succour, his most Serene Highness has willingly complied with these Views; promising and engaging, by virtue of this Article, to hold in Readiness for this Service, during the Space of Four successive Years, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signing of the present Treaty, a Body of 8,000 Men; to wit, Eight Battalions of Infantry, ea’ch of 800 Men, including the Officers, and Three Regiments of Dragoons, or Cavalry, making in all 1,400 Horse; which Corps shall be provided with the necessary General and Subaltern Officers: The Infantry shall be held in a Condition to march, for the Service of his Britannic Majesty, Two Months after the Requisition shall have been made for that Purpose, or sooner, if possible, elpccialiy if it should be for the immediate Defence of the Kingdoms or Electoral Dominions of his Majesty, or of the Low Countries , in which Cafe, the said lntantry shall march immediately

4 L after

Treaty, with Htd'e Cafft-I.

Treaty HeffeCdiT cl

314 2 6°Novembris. j4. 1755.

after Requisition made; which Requisition, however, is not to be made separately for the Infantry, but for the whole Corps together; and as the most Serene Landgrave shall m it be obliged to remount the Cavalry and Dragoons before this Requisition shall have been made to him, the Term of Six Months has been agreed upon; at the End of which, the fia-d Cavalry or Dragoons shall be in a Condi* ti >n to march iikewile, and Hull then forthwith join the Infantry which compose this Corps; which laid Corps shall not be separated, unless Reasons of War require it, but thall always remain together under the Orders of the Hejfian General, who (liad command it $ and the said Troops shall take the Oath of Fidelity to his Britannic Majesty immediately upon their being first muttered by an Eng/ijk Commissary, without Prejudice, nevertheless,

to the Oath which tuey have taken to his most Serene Highness the Landgrave j his said Highness reserving, besides, the Dilpolal or all Employments which shall ecme to be vacant therein; the Administration of Justice being also reserved to him.

Article 4.

Each Battalion of Infantry of this Corps shall be provided with Two Pieces of Field Artillery, with the Officers, Gunners, and other Persons, and the Train thereunto belonging.

Article 5.

Towards defraying the Expences to which the most Serene Jundgrave will be engaged to remount and equip the said Corps of 8,000 Men, his Majesty the King of Great Britain promises to pay to his most Serene Highness, for every Trooper or Dragoon duly armed and mounted, 80 Crowns, and, for every Foot Soldier, 30 Crowns , in manner following; that is to say, the Moiety of the Levy-money for the Infantry and Artillery, amounting to 99,000 Crowns Banco, shall be paid at the Exchange of the Ratifications, and the Remainder for the Infantry and Artillery, when they shall march; and, with regard to the Cavalry, One Moiety of the Remount-money shall be paid when the Requisition shall be made to put the said Corps of 8,000 Men in a Condition to march, and the bther Moiety when the said Cavalry shall actually march.

Article 6.

Besides what is stipulated in the preceding Article, his Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to pay the most Serene Landgrave, during the time that this Treaty shall last, an annual Subsidy, in the Manner and Proportion following; that is to (ay, this Subsidy shall commence from the Day of the Signing of this Treaty, and for the Time which shall elaple from that Day to the Time of the Requisition to pot them in a Condition to march, shall be paid at the Rate of 150,000 Crowns Banco per Annum, the Crown reckoned at 53 Sols of Holland, or at and 9%d. English Money, from the said Time of making the Requisition to the Day when the whole Body, as well Cavalry as Infantry, shall be in the Pay of the Crown of Great Britain, the Subsidy shall be augmented and paid at the Rate of 300,000 Crowns aforesaid; and, during the whole time that the said Corps shall be actually in the Pay of his Majesty, the most Serene Landgrave shall enjoy aa annual Subsidy of 150,000 Crowns aforesaid. When the said Troops shall be sent back by his Britannic Majesty, from the Day of their Return into the Territories of his most Serene Highness, until the Expiration of the Treaty, the Subsidy shall be again raised and continued on the Foot of 300,000 Crowns aforesaid per Antitm; and the Payment of this respective Subsidy shall be made regularly, without Diminution, and quarterly, in the City of Cajjtl, into the military Chestof the most Selene Landgrave, authorized for the Receipt thereof.

Article 7.

With regard to the Pay and Treatment, as well ordinary as extraordinary, of the said Troops, whilst they shall be actually in the Pay of Great Britain, it is agreed, that, as long as they serve in the Empire, they shall enjoy the same Advantages and Emoluments in every thing as his Majesty allows to his German Troops, according to the

90.

effective Stale in which the said Body of Troops shall be delivered, which shall be ascertained by a Tabelle signed by the respective Ministers of the High Contracting Parties, which shall have the same Force as if it were inserted. Word for Word, in the present Treaty. Whilst they shall be employed in the Lozv Countries, they shall be treated, in the said Respect, on the Foot of the Dutch Troops; and if it should happen that they were to be employed in Great Britain or Ireland, from the Time of the Notification which shall be thereof made, in that Cafe, to the most Serene Landgrave they shall be put on the same Foot, in all Respects, with the national British Troops; which several Pays and Treatments shall be paid into the military Chest of his most Serene Highness, without any Deduction or Diminution, in order to the making a Distribution thereof.

Article 8.

If itlhoufd happen unfortunately, that any Regiments or Companies of the above-mentioned Corps Ihwuld be ruined or destroyed, in the Whole or in Part, or that the Pieces of Cannon, with which they shall be furnished, should be taken by the Enemy, his Majesty the King of Great Britain shall cause to be paid the Expences of the necessary recruiting and remounting the m; ns also the Value of the said Field Pieces, in order forthwith to re-instate the Artillery, and the said Regiments or Companies; and the said Recruiting and Remounting, shall be regulated likewise on the Foot of what was furnished to the Htjian Officers by virtue of the Treaty of 1702,

Article 5th; to the end that this Corps may be always preferred, and sent back one Day in as good a State as it was delivered in.

Article 9.

His Britannic Majesty shall be at Liberty to keep this Body of Troops in his Service the whole Time of the Duration of this Treaty, and to employ it whereibver he shall have Occasion for it, provided it be not on board the Fleet or beyond ihe S a, when once it has departed out of the Territories of the most Serene Landgrave, excepting always for the Defence of Great and Ireland-, in w'hich Cafe, these Troops shall eim y fully, and without any Restriction whatevtr, the same Pay and Emoluments as the English Troops enjoy, as has been said above; and when his Majesty the Kngof Great Britain shall think fit to fend back the said Troops, he shall give Notice thereof to his most Serene Highness Three Months before-hand, and shall cause to be paid to them One Month’s Pay for their Return, and iurnish them gratis the necessary Transport Vessels.

Article 10.

In case the most Serene Landgrave should be attacked or disturbed in the Possession of his States, his Britannic Majesty p romifes and engages to fend back to him speedily the said Body of Troops, not only paying them a Month’s Pay, but allb furnishing them gratis the Transport Vessels requisite for their Returnand to give moreover to his most Serene Highness all the Succour of Troops which the same shall require; which Succour shall be continued to him until he mall have obtained an intire Security and just Indemnification; and the most Serene Landgrave promises, in like manner, on his Part, that, in case his Majesty the King of Great Britain is attacked or disturbed in his Dominions, Estates, Lands, Provinces, or Towns, he will also yield him all the Succour that it shall be in his Power to give him; which Succour shall in like manner be continued to him, until he shall have obtained a good and advantageous Peace.

Article 11.

In order to render this Alliance and Union the more perfect, and to leave no Doubt with the Parties about the Certainty of the Succour which they may expect by virtue of this Treaty, it is expressly agreed, that, to judge for the future whether the same of this Alliance and Succour exists or not, it shall suffice that either of the Parties are actually attacked by Force of Arms, without his having fitft used open Force against him who attacks him.

Article

'i 9 Geo. II. a6° — 17° . 315

Article 12. Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions* which

His most Serene Highness, to give a further Proof that the Committee had directed him to report to the House; he is ddirous to attach him (elf intirely to the Interests of which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in his Britannic Majesty, and to advance them with all his at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read j and Power, engages, moreover, to augment the said Corps ' are as followeth: viz.

with 4,000 Men more; viz. 700 Horse or Dragoons, and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

3,300 Foot; each Regiment of Infantry provided with That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Two Field Pieces; and, consequently to raise the said the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be Corps to the Number of 12,000 Men, as loon as his Ma- raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day jesty the King of Great Britain shall judge it necessary or of March 1756,upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, advantageous for his Service; the Whole on the same Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Conditions, in proportion, as have been stipulated in the Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Ber-preceding Articles of this Treaty for the Body of 8,000 wick upon 'Tweed; and that a proportionable Eels, ac-Men; and thele 4,000 Men shall be put.in aCondition cerding to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be to be delivered, and to join the First Body of 8,000 Men, laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland. within the Space of Six Months after the Demand of them - Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

which shall be made to him; his said Majesty promising, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, on his Part, to make good for these 4,000 Men not only the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by the Remount and Recruit Money, after the Rate of 80 an Act of Parliament of the 28th Year of his Majesty’s Crowns Banco for ea» h Trooper or Dragoon, and of 36 Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June >756,

Crowns Banco for each Foot Soldier, but also to raiie the be farther continued and charged upon all Malt which Subhdy for this Body cf 12,000 Men, from the.Day when shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or im-his most Serene Highness shall be required to keep them ported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for in Readiness, to the Sum of 450,000 Crowns Banco per Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Annum, lo long as they shall be at the Charge of the Fi- Day of June 1756, to the 24th Day of June 1757. nances of his most Serene Highness, and to the Sum of The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second

225,000 Crowns Banco annually, so long as they shall be time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, in the Pay of his Britannic Majesty; the Pay and Treat- agreed to by the House.

ment, as well ordinary as extraordinary, as also all the Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in pursuant to Emoluments for this Corps of 12,000 Men, being to be the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. regulated on the same Foot as is fixed by this Treaty for tngethe Lord Dupplin, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Attorney Ge-ihe Corps of the First tf.oco Men. neral, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. West, do prepare*

Article 13. and bring in, the fame.

This Treaty shall fiibfift for the Term of Four Years,

to be reckoned from tl e Day of the Signature; and il his Ordered, That Sir Wm. Cahert, Mr. Alderman Die-Britannic Majesty and the most Serene Landgrave should kinfo Mr. Alderman Fludyer, Mr. Recorder of London,

think proper to continue, prolong, or change it, they shall Mr. Colleton, Mr. Dodd, be added to the Committee, to treat thereupon t hree Months before its Expiration, nc- whom the Petition of the levers 1 Persons, whole Names cording to the Exigence of the Cafe. are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants in the Neighbour-

Article 14, hood leading to the Old Street Turnpike Road, Middlesex,

The Ratifications of this Treaty lb fill be exchanged at is referred.

Hanover within the Space of Six Weeks after the Signature, or f< oner, if it can be done. The Lord Barrington presented t<? the House, pursuant

In Witness whereof, wo, the Under-written, furnished to their Address to his Majesty, with the full Powers of his Britannic Majesty, and of the Elutriate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and Am*f most Serene Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, have ligned the other his Majesty’s band Forces in Great Britain, for the Elates, present Treaty, and have cau ed the Seals of our Arms to - Year 1^56: And also,

be put thereto. Done at Hanover, the 1 Sth Day ot Junt Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the 175$. Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, fa the Year 1756.

(L.S.) Holdernesse. And the Titles of the said EftinUtcs were read.

Diede, (L. S.) The laid Estimates are as followeth; vit.

J. H. Alt,(L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table;

to be perused by the Members of thd House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Wan

Meant.

jfevts, 270 die Novembrh;

Anno 2$# Georgii II*1* Regis* 1755.

PftATtRS. .....- ....

MR. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the

Vol. 27.

3*6

270 Novembris.

4* '755-

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great

For the Year 1756.

’First Troop of Guards Second Ditto -Horse. < First Troon of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto - -

L Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second Ditto- -Third Ditto -

Royal Regiment of Dragoons -Lieutenant General Campbell's -Dragoons / Earl of Albemarle's ' Sir Robert Rich's Lieutenant General Cholmondeley's Sir John Cope's

Sir John Mordau -(_ Earl of Ancram’s -

First Regiment of Foot Guards -Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards Third Regiment of Foot Guards Colonel Howard's Regiment Lord George Bentinck'%

Lord Robert Bertie's Lieutenant General Wolfe's Colonel Yorke's.

Major General Bocland's -Lieutenant General Skelton’s Colonel Jorden's -

\ Major General Follis -Lord George Beauclerk's Colonel Honywood’s - -

Earl of Home's Lieutenant General Earl of Loudoun’s -Colonel Holmes's -

Colonel Leighton's -

Lord Charles Hay's -Lord Robert Manners's Major General Stewart's -

Foot.

T ... C Colonel Varfons's Regiment Invalids. £ 39 jndependent Companies

General and Staff Officers Garrisons, with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

War-Office,

27th November 1755.

Total -

Numbers. Pay of the Troops and Regiment s for 366 Days. T O T A X-

- jr. s. d. C>.

181 I - i7>397 4

181 I - 17,397 4 —

*7; 1 - - 10,900 14

17 < > 10,772 12 —

4°S > - - 30,243 16 — 71 T T A

I»124 ou, yii id

57c > - 26,300 3 —

381 - ‘ - 17,845 11 —

8i - 17,845 it —

381 - 17,845 11 —

381 - 17,845 " —

- 17,845 11 —

381 - 17,845 11 —

38i - 17,845 11 —

38i - 17,845 11 —

381 - 17,845 11 — i

381 a n Q^v 17,845 11 —

4>3°a 2°4»755 '3 —

2,285 A? - 55»56' '7 "

1,468 - 36,044 18 —

1,46s 36,099 16 —

1,041 - i8,955 '5

1,041 - 18,955 15 —

1,041 - '9,i57 —

1,041 - '8,955 15 —

1,041 - '8,955 *5 —

1,041 - '8,955 '5 " t

1,041 '8,955 '5 —

1,041 - '8,955 '5 —

1,041 - '8,955 '5 —

1,041 - '8,955 '5 —

1,041 - '8,955 '5 ~

1,041 rn mo '8,955 '5 —

1,041 m m '8,955 '5 "

1,041 - '8,955 '5 —

1,041 - '8,955 *5 —

1,041 '8,955 '5 "

1,041 - '8,955 «5

1,041 - 18,955 *5 —

1,041 25,000« '8,955 *5 — 488,067 2 —

7 55 12,617 17 —

3,004 - 46,460 13 — rn 0*78 IO

3>759-

m m 29,765 18 —

m - 37,224 13 9

m m - 25,000 — —

91,990 11 9

1 34,463 - - £ 930,603 6 9

Barrington.

Notienibris,

29 GfcO. it,

ESTIMATE of the Chdfge df his Majesty's Fortes in the Plantations, Minorca) and Gifra/ior;

for the Year 1756.

in the P LAN TAT IO N&,

Cplonel Di&oure's Regiment --- Li Colonel Hopfons . - -

Major General Warburioh's - -

Coionel IVdpi % -

Major General Shirty's -

Sir William Pepper ell’s -Tour Companies at New York -One Company at Bermudas -

One Company in the island of Providence -Three Companies at South Cdrotina -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal) Placentia, arid St.

John's - -

Officers fervingwith the Forces ih North America Officers of the f lospital for the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account - -

At MINORCA.

Colonel Rich’s Regiment

Lieutenant General

Cot nel Cornwallis's -

Earl of Effingham's - i a

Officers of the Garrifdn, (Ac.

At

Lieutenant General Guise’s Lieutenant General Pulteney’s -Lieutenant General Fowke's Earl of PanmuYe’s -

Officers of the Garrison, (Ac. -

Provisions for Colonel Hopfon'% Regiment at Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, deducting per Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and private Man towards that Expence:

Remains to be bdrne by the Government -Provisions for Major General Warburton’s Regiment at Nova Scotia .- -

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar -Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence -

Totat - -

Number*.

394 M45 L145 733 M45 l»*45 44 5 53

345

815

8i5

8*5

8‘5

815

815

815

815

P^y of the Regiments, &f<r. for 366 Days.

6>7°5

3,260

3,260

i3>225

9»77 5

20.230

20,220

1 5»4^3 ^0)230

20.230 7,161 1.05!

*.473

5.846

s. d.

S —

13 — 13 —

i? "

*3 —

13, _ 8 —

5 ~ 11 —

17 —

1 £*59 3 G.259 3 i5*259 3 15.259 3

14.239 3

15.259 3 i5>259 3

15.259 3

3.843 2 n

3.843 2 11

24,000-----

456 5 —

TOTAL.

£. x.

122,655

2,878 9

5»352 15 1,784 2,000

15 —

0

5 —

&i>oj6 i4 — 5,888 — ,

61,036 li -u 3,759 *7 9

32,144 10 id

298,534 17 10.

War-Office,

27th November 1755.

Barrihgtofl,

Vol. 27.

4 to

Ordered

318 27° — jS"

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Shoreditch Sir William Beauchamp Prcbior pro fen ted to the House, Lighting, according to Order, a Bill for obviating certain Doubts c’ which have arisen upon Two Adfs of Parliament, One made in the 11 th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge , over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex; and the other made in the 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act; and for impowering the Trustees under the said Acts to ered and maintain Lamps, and keep a Guard, upon the said Roads in the Nighttime: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Prod or have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The said Bill was read the First time.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Novembris. 1755.

And then she House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die

Anno 29° Georgii IIJi Regis, 175s.

Prayers.

r\R DERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lot the ToiCn of Northampton, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the honourable Charles Compton Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Earleprefen ted to the House, pursuant to their

Address to his Majesty, E.limate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1736 — Lend Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was tend.

'l'hc laid Etlurtate is as follower h;

ESTIM AT E of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1756.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, compriling Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores (or Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges -

n r 1- r>- -if Mahon, Gibraltar, and North B

1 ay of Engineers, Civil \ r,

C)rijr<.J nn(i Art|(; P'. Johns, Ferry Trinity,

umcers, anU and Placentia, in Newfoundland -

Cs. r», a - - - '{^Annapolis Royal -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 1,135 Men, Officers included, for Service of South and North Britain, and the Garrisons at Jlahon, Gibraltar, St. John's, Ferry-landCar boat ere. Trinity,

Placentia, and Annapolis Royal -

Pay of Six additional Companies to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 12 February and 21 October 1755 -Establishment of the Academy at Woolw for the Instruiftion of the

Artillery People....

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woo

Pay of superannuated anddifabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in’ Flanders, and on several Expeditions; with the Half-pay of Officers reduced -

£ S. d.

38.835 2,908 7 8 —

2,054 *.363 3 6 7 —

3 L33S J5 —

16,854 6 —

1,000 867 5 —

2,604 18 6

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, building and repairing Store-houses, and Supplying Stores, at

EXTRAORDINARIF.S.

Gibraltar ----- 5,000 —

Mahon ----- 4,000 —

Annapolis Royal ----- 2,000 —

Placentia ----- i,coo —

St. John s, Ferryland, Carboniere, and Trinity

Harbour, in Newfoundland - 2,coo —

Towards ere£ling a new Fort at Ardefeer Point, near -

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, and repairing Barracks, in Scotland -Towards rebuilding the Storehouses and Barracks in Edinburgh Castle -Towards building and repair-f Sheerness and Gillingham -

ing the Fortifications at \ Portsmouth and Gosport -

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel -

Towards rebuilding the Barracks at Sheerness - - -.

Pay of Officers, Engineers, Commissary, Conductors, Artificers, and Attendants, on the Expedition to North America, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 25 November 1754 -Pay of Officers, Commissary, Conductors, Artificers, and Attendants on Service in East India, under the Command of Colonel John Adlerpurfuant to his Majesty’s Warrant,

29 April 1754 - - -....

Pay of Officers and Ministers attending the Four Companies of Artillery ordered to East India, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 11 March 1755 -

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers appointed and established at Bofion in New England, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 12 November 1755 - -

Two hundred Tons of Salt Petre -

L

S. it.

97,826 10 C

14.000 —

14.000 —

2,000 --

1.500 --

1.500 —

3,coo — 2,500 — 2,coo -

2.589 9

805

1,2C I

512

4 — H " 8 —

9,000 —

Northampton Town Writ.

OrdmiiCfc

ix) Geo. !I.

28° Novem

EXC EKD I KG S, for which ho Allowance hath been made by Parliament, 17-, 5.

Ordnance and Stores font to Halifax in Nova Scotia, to complete the Battery created on the Eailcrn Shore of the Harbour, and for Security of the Town, pursuant to the Lords jufHces Order in Council, 13 May 1755, an^ his Majesty’s Warrant, 13 October 1755. ' -

Ordnance and Stores sent for the better Security and Defence of the Bahama Wands, pursuant to the Lords Justices Order in Council, 13 May 1755 -Ilrais Ordnance and Stores-lent in Addition to the Train of Artillery on the Expedition to North America-,pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant* 13 Octo-

*755 - ' " -

A Proportion of Stores sent for a Field Train, and Ammunition for the Guns

on the several Bulwarks in Jersey, pursuant to the Lords Justices Order in Council, 5 August 1755 -

Bedding lent for Use of a Company bf Foot doing Duty at the

additional Men to Major General Colonel s, Colonel

[Farburtons, Regiments in Nova Scotia, and Colonel Alexander Regiment at Antigua-, also repairing Bedding and Barrack Furniture at Minorca, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 24. March 1752, IO January, 13 October, and 5 November 1755

Pay of Officers and Miniftcts attending the Four Companies of Artillery ordered to EafiIndia, from 1 March 1031 December 1755, with the Charge of Arms, Tents, and Camp Necessaries, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 1 1 March 1743 - -

Fay of Four additional Companies to the Royal Regiment of Artillery; from x January to 31 December 1735, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 12 February 1735 -

Railing and arming Two other additional Companies to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, with the Pay of the fime, from 1 September to 31 December 1755, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, 21 October 1755 -Amis delivered to the First and Second Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards, One Regiment of Dragoons, the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, Nineteen Regiments of Foot* and those formed out of the Workmen in his Majesty’s Dock Yards, the additional Men to the Regiment of Horle Guards, Eleven Regiments of Dragoons* the additional Companies to Nineteen Regiments of Foot, Twelve new-raised Independent Companies ot Invalids, the adJit’Onal Men to the Two Companies at and the Regiment at. Forftrouth , also Arms and Tents to Two additional Companies of Colonel Adlercrcn'sRegiment in Eujl India, and Five Regiments in North America, pursuant to his Majesty’s and the Lords Justices Warrants, 11, 13, and 14 March, 1 and 3 3 and 20 3 June,

1 July,5, 12, and 26 Alignfl, 2 and 29 September, 6, 20, 21, 27, and 30

October, and 6 November 1733 -An act.litional Supply of Ammunition to Twenty-six Battalions of Foot in Great Britain, pursuant to the Lords Justices Warrants, 6 Flay and 26 August 1733 . - ‘ " 7

Jcnts delivered to Nine Regiments of Dragoons and Sixteen Battalions of Foot, ordered to take die Field, pursuant to the Lords Justices Warrant, 6 May, and his MajeiU’s W arrants, 22 October and 5 November 1755 Arms lent to North America, (or Lie of the Troops under I. s. d. the Command of hi m. Shirley Esquire, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 13 October 1735 - - 4,177 1 8

Also Arms and Ammunition lent to Bofloin England, with the Pay of Officers and Artificers appointed and cTtabidhcd there, horn 1 October to 31 December 1755, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 12 November 1755 - 24,271 n 10 Charge cf Stores and intrenching Tools for the different Trains provided to attend Sixteen Battalions of Foot ordered to take the Field, with the Hire ol Modes and Drivers for Four Months, from 27 October 1755 to 26 Ja-, mi.try 1736, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 12 1755 -

ilire ot Modes for the Train of Artillery ordered to attend his Majesty’s Foret sin Scotland, from 2 7 June to 31 1755, pursuant to his

Mjjc(t)’s Warrant, 10 June 1733 -

fa -< d.

14,363 2 4

6,087 5 5

1,148 1 3

788 6 1

2, S85 6 3

3>74° 5 10 11,205 10 — 3.068 12 3

63,339 7 8

3>238 3 5

3>443 *5 6

28,44s >3 6

AM2 S 8 423-----

319

t I- d.

146,721 15 Z

£ 1299.157 — 8

'"My Bill; Mir, Uc.

Savings arising from Vacancies of the Polls of Mailer General, Secretary, Under Secretary, and Clerk, to the Mailer General and Chief

Engineer, amounting to the Sum of £.2,426 12 s6 and which remains unillued to this Office of the Sum granted for Service of the Year 1755.

J.L. Ligonier, lib R. Earle, J. S.

Charles Frederick, A. IViikiuJ’on.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty to be perused by the Members of the House. certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1756: And the same was re- Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to ceived; and read the First time.

Vox.. 27; Resolved,

Supply B'.ilj Land Tax.

Fatio’s

Nat.

St. ithry, Newington Butts, Church-jard.

Carmarthen

Election.

Ditto.

c , .

326 28° Novembris. A. 1755*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. for this Realm of England, for every Borough being a

Shire Town within the Country or Dominion ot Mr. Charltonpresented to the House, according to (except the Shire Town of the Coun'y ot Merioneth) One

Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Burgcls shall be chosen and elected, and the Election to Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service he in like Manner, Form, and Order, as Burge fils of of the Year 1756: And the fatnc was received; and the Parliament to be elected in other Shires of this Realm, read the First time. and that the Burgefi'es shall be allowed l’uch Fees as other

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Burgefi’es of the Parliament have and be allowed, to be

levied and gathered as well of the Boroughs and Shire A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Towns as they be Burgefi'es of, as of all other ancient

Edwards: Boroughs within the same Shires: And alleging, That the

Mr. Speaker; Burgefi’es of the said Borough of Carmarthen have con-

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for fiautlyand foiely, since the passing of the said Act, elected naturalizing John David Fatio: To which the Lords de- a Burgel's to lerve in Parliament; and there has not been fire the Concurrence of this House. any Usage that the Burgefi’es of the other Boroughs with-

And then the Messengers withdrew. in the said Shire have joined in such Eicftion; and that,

' since the passing of the said Act; By-law s have been made

Mr. George Onjlowreported from the Committee, to by the Mayor, Burgellls, and Commonalty, of the said :n

whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, 2nd Borough, pursuant to the Powers and Directions given ui

Inhabitants, of the Pari (la of St. Mary, Newington Butts, them by their Charter of Incorporation, prohibiting the in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Com- Admifiiostand Swearing of Persons, not abiding and remittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; fident within the said Borough. Burgcffts thereof: And I

and haddireftedhim to report the fame, as it appeared to complaining, that of late great Numbers of Perth, ns,who

them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; were not Inhabitants of, or had any Freehold or Property

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: in, the said Borough, and without having any Right by

Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz. Birth or Servitude, have bcSn oceafionaliy and illegally

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, admitted and sworn Burgefi’es of the said Borough, ieve- 1

The reverend William Williams was called; and, being ral of whom have infilled on a Right, and were admitted examined; said, That the Church-yard or Cemetcry is to poll, at the lait Flection of a Burgd's for the said too small for the Burial of their Dead; and that the Pa- Borough, for Sir Stepney Baronet, One of the

rifhioners have agreed to annex a Piece of Ground, Part Candidates at the said Eicftion, in Contravention of the of the Glebe belonging to the Rfcftory of the said Parish, said Act, and the By-laws of the said Borough, whereby fof which a yearly llecompence is to be given to the the Rights of the Petitioners have been violated,- and are Rector in lieu thereof. in Danger of being entirely fqbverted: And therefore

Mr. Philip Clarke, Vestry Clerk of the said Parish, praying the House to take the Premises into Considera-being called, confirmed the above Evidence in every tion, and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein as Particular. as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be enlarging the Cemetcry or Church-yard of the Parish heard at the Bar of this Houl'c.

of St. Mary, Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey: Ordered, That the Matters of the said Petitions be

And that Mr. George Onslow, Doctor Hay, and Mr. heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the teth Harding:, do prepare, and bring in, the fame* Day of February next.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Stepney Baronet was presented to the House, and read; l’ctting forth, That the Petitioner and GtijjithPhi/lipps Esquire were Candidates at

the last Eicftion of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County Borough of Carmarthen and that EvahDavies Attorney at I /aw, and ‘Thomas

Clothier, taking upon them tobe, and usurping the Office of, Sheriffs of the said County Borough, and the Sheriffs of the said County Borough being the Returning Officers of such Member; and the said Evan Davies and Thomas Williams being allied to, or near Relations of, the said Griffith Philtipps, and being influenced by the said Griffith PhiMpps, they acted very partially at the said Eicftion,

and admitted levetal Persons to poll for the said Griffith Phi/lipps, who had no Right to vote at the said Elect ion; and rejected several Persons, who had an undoubted Right to vote thereat, and offered to vote for the Petitioner; whereby, and by other illegal and unwarrantable Proceedings, the said Griffith Phi/lipps hath procured himself to be returned, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioner, though he had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Burgefi'es, Inhabitants of the Borough and Shire Town of Carmarthen, in the County of mart hen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Burgefi'es Inhabitants of the said Borough, was a!so presented to the I loul'e, and read; reciting Part of an Act made in the 27 th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act concerning the Laws to be used in Wales, whereby it is, amongst other Things, Enacted, That for the then Parliament, and all other Parliaments to be holden and kept *9

Mr. Secretary Fox acquainted the House, That he had Eartlimiait a Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by his at ^utloD' Majesty: And he presented the same to the Hou'e; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered), and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having received from his Atnbaflador at Madrid a certain Account of the fatal and deplorable Event which happened at Lijhonon the First Inllant, by an Earthquake; which has laid walla ahnoft the whole City, and destroyed many Thoufunds of the Inhabitants, in consequence whereof those who remain must be reduced to the utmost Distress arfd Necessity; and his Majesty, being moved with the greatest Concern for so good and faithful an Ally as the King of Portugal, and with the utmost Companion for the Diltrefi’es to vthich that City and Kingdom must be reduced, wherein great Numbers of his Majesty’s own Subjects were resident, and many more interested, recommends to his faithful Commons' the Consideration of this dreadful and extensiveCalainitv, which cannot fail to affect the Hearts of all Persons who have any Sense of Religion or Humanity; and desires to be enabled by the House of Commons to lend such speedyand effectual Relief as may be suitable to lo afflicting and pressing an Exigency.

R.

Resolved, Neminecontra Jieente, That an humble Address

be presented to his Majesty, to express our deep Concern on the melancholy Occasion of his Majesty’s most gracious Message to this House; and to allure his Majesty, that we will enable him to give such A ffi fiance to the dist relied People of Portugal, and our unhappy Fellow Subjects residing and trading the re, as his Majesty, in his great

Humanity

Fxeter%

Roads.

Accounts

rrfoefling the Linen Trade, &c.

20 Geo. II. 28° Novembris — 10 . 321

Humanity and generous Companion, shall think fit; and that we will make good, out of the next Aids that shall be granted by Parliament, such Expences as shall be incurred by his Majesty in relieving the Misery to which they may be reduced by this most deplorable Calamity.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, i° die Decembris;

Anno 290 Georgii Ila* Regis, 1755. Prayers.

\ PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, redding in and near the City of Exeter, in the County of Devon, was presented to

the House, and read: letting forth. That by an Act of the 26th Year of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, Power was given to the Trustees therein named to take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Tolls arising by the said Act, any Sum of Money, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, to be applied in amending the several Roads therein-mentioned; and that near that Sum has been botrowed by the said Trustees, and has been applied according to the Directions of the said Act; but that the said Sum is found insufficient for amending the Roads effectually; and that the said Act is in feme particular Clauses found to be defective for answering the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money for repairing the said Roads on the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties; and for explaining and making more effectual the said former Act; as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Warwick

Mr. I Falter, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Me Sir John

Philipps, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Kyuaftcn Mr. Plummer, Mr. Pellaves, Mr. Trijl, Sir Charles Mur daunt, Mr.

IVi'les, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Mr. Watson, Sir Francis Parle, Mr. Mr. Eger-

ton, Mr. Barry, Sir John ‘Turner, Mr. Kent, Mr. Gore, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Craven, Sir Conyers D’ylrcy, Mr.

k inf on, Mr. Phillip [on, Mr. Air. Cooke, Mr.

Budgcn, Mr. Dicker, Sir Willoughby Mr.

Mr. Noel, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Mr. Henley, Mr.

Whitshed, Mr. Amcotis, Sir John Sir John Lord Ihg-nout, Mr. Colleton, Mr. , Mr. Richards,

Mr. Put, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Nugent, Sir Roger Nezvdigale, Mr. Alderman Mr. Lyjler-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Devon, Cornwall, Somerje and And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

The House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of ail Flax imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730 to

Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of all Flax exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, Irom Lady-.day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year: And also,;

An Account of all foreign raw Linen Yarns, and Spruce or MuscoviaYarns, imported into that Part of Great BrP

\on. 37.

tain called Scotland, from Lady-clay 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and the Species ox such Yarns, together with the Duties paid thereon: Andalfo, An Account of all the Linen Yarns imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1753, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of all the Linens imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year:

And also.

An Account of all British and Iriflo Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and which were intided to Bounties, and the Bounties paid thereon, and the Places to which such Linens were exported: And also,

An Account of all foreign JJnens imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, the Species of such Linens, and the Duties paid thereon: And also. An Account of all foreign Linens exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1730

to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, the Places to which the same were exported, the Species of such Linens, and the Amount of the Drawbacks paid thereon: And also,

An Account of all British Goods and Manufactures exported to Germany from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1750 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures: And also,

An Account of all British Goods and Manufactures exported to Holland from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lacly-day 1750 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures: And also.

An Account of all Goods imported from the and West Indies, and allb all other foreign Goods imported, which were re-exported to Germany from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1750 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods: And also.

An Account of all Goods imported from the East and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported, which w’ere re-exported to Holland from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1750 to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods: And also,

An Account of all British Goods and Manufactures exported to Germany from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1734 to Lady-day 1740, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures: And allb,

An Account of all British Goods and Manufactures exported to Holland from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1734 to Lady-day 1740, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures: And also,

An Account of all Goods imported from the East and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported, which were re-exported to Germany from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1734 to Lady-day 1740, distinguishing each Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods: And also,

An Account of all Goods imported from the East and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported, which were re-exported to- Holland, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1734 to Lady-day 1740, distinguishing each Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

-The. said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

4 N A Bill

321

i0 Decembris. A. 1755.

Simply Bill; A Bill for continuing and granting to"his Majesty cer-Malt, &c. ja|n £)utjes Upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, lor the Service of the Year 1756, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve ittelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ellis, from the Commissioners for executing the Office ot Lord High Admiral of Great , preienred

to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year

1756-

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session: and the A bit raft thereof is as follow-eth; viz.

Navy

Eiliniats.

ABSTRACT of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1756.

N*

x. To the right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, See. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Of-

avy,

fleers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating the reto

3-

4-

S'

6.

7 8.

9*

10.

11.

12.

*3-

14.

13,227

3>9'°

3.443

3>«42

s.

Yards.

4,298

1,813

2,510

3

11 o 1t

8

14

4

10

d.

8)

8j

6

1. Superannuated Sea Officers -

i’ensions, and other Allowances -

! Chatham -

Deptford -

Woolwich - -

Portsmouth -

Sheerness -

Plymouth -

Muster-master, and other Officers of the Out Ports - k-

Wages to Ships and Vessels in ordinary -

Victuals to the Officers and Men serving therein -

Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging -

Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, &c. ....

Half-pay to Sea Officers ——

*5

£ s. d.

34,233 14 1

i7>’37 r5 4

*7.733 10 0

2.765 6 it

25,083 H a

11,981 2 6

2 5.954 0 0

64,132 0 0

20,000 0 0

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1756

119,021 3 o

To which may be added,

For carrying on the Works of the Hospital building at near Gosport -

For defraying the Expences of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, an additional Number ofdifabled Seamen taken and to be taken into it, who are worn out and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country, there being now Fifteen hundred and Fifty Men maintained in tire said Hospital; and also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the \Vidows of Officers and poor Seamen, and for carrying on the Buildings and other Incidents of the said Hospital, for the Year 1756, Ten thousand rounds -

20,000 o o

10,000 o o

249,021 3 o

And then the Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 17 56, amounts to Two hundred Forty-Nine thousand and Twenty-one Pounds and Three Shillings.

T.Cooper, Theo. Slade, W. Bately, Dan.

Richard Hall, R. OJbortt, G. Adams.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply Bin; A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a I.and Land Lx. Tax pe raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1756, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Brirtol A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, Viuttn. of the City of Brifol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That le-veral Doubts have ari lcn upon the ConltruClion and Meaning of a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well governing, a nightly Watch within the City of Brifol, relating to the better raising the Monies needfary for paying the Wages of the Night Constables and Watchmen, and defraying the Charges incident thereto, and for duly aileffir.g, and effectually collecting and levying,.

such Monies, whereby many of the Persons intended, by the said Act, to make, and cause to be raised and levied, the Rates and Airdiinents therein mentioned, may be dit-couraged from carrying the said Act into Execution, and the real Intention of the said- Act in a great measure fruf-trated and defeated: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Clause, that the said Act may be more effectually carried into Execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Nugent, Colo-

nel Cornwallis, Mr. More, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Armine Mr.

Mr. Bridgman, Mr. FazakColonel George Bof-eawen, Mr. Cope, Mr. Hill, Sir Charles M or daunt. Sir George Yonge, Mr. Feiloives, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Alderman Richard Beckford, Mr. Coellton, Mr. Ta/hot, Mr. Mr. Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Noel, Sir Matthew Dambe, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John , Sir Willoughby Afion, Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Kent, Mr.

Budgen,

29 Geo. II. i° — 2° Decetnbris.

Answ pr to AddreA.

Basingfloke

Roads-

Pcderfciit3

Nat.

Budgen, Sir William Calvert, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Watson, Mr. //y/?, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Willey, M. PZww-Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Wynd-

ham, Mr. Willes, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Nor they, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Montagu, Mr, Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Thornhagh, Lord Barrington, Mr. Francis Fattey Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. Edmund Nugent, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Hayward, Mr. CreJJzvell, Mr. Bryn tun, Mr. Maxwell\ Air. Sehvyn, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Morgan, Lord Dupp/in, Lord Digby, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. Hu fey, Mr. Champion, Mr. Morton, Mr. Marion, Mr.

Mr. Mediicott; and all the Alembers who serve for the City of Bristol, and the Counties of Gloucester, and Somerset: And they ^ire to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Earl of HiHJhorough reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last had been presented to his Majesty, and that his Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously; and had commanded him to acquaint this House, that his Majesty will give Directions pursuant to the Ddlre of this House, expressed in the said Address.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Southampton and IVi/ts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the high Roads from Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, through Popham Lane, and through Cranborn IVuhr, in the Parish of Wonflon, and through Sutton Sectary, the Town and Parish of Stock-bridge, and the several Parishes of Houghton, Broughton, Lower Wallop, and Middle IVallop, in the said County, to a Place caiicd Lcbcomb Corner, in the Parish of terjlow, in the County of Wilts, are in a very founderous Condition, and narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repaiiing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Tloule:

And it is referred to Air. John Pitt, Sir John Crosse, Mr, Bankes, Sir John Philipps, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Colleton, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Powney, Mr. Pelham, Mr. 60/^, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Walpole, Lord Digby, Mr. Plummer, Mr. William Leve-son Gower, Mr. Clevland, Sir CVr/7 Bishop, Mr. Alderman Beck ford, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Harris, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Glynn+ Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Talbot, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. More, Colonel GW/*-jfa, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Fane, Mr. Walter, Mr. Pinney, Sir jW// Cu(I, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Mediicott, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Cole brook e, Lord Egmont, Mr. Popham, Mr. Craven, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Noel, Sir Lionel Pi/kington, Mr. Cocks, Lord Milton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Ztor-set, Devon, Cornwall, Wilts, Somerset, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Powder to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. George Colebrooke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Jens Pederfen: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Kefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VOL. 27.

Martis, 2°die Decembris;

Anno 290 Georgii II'1 Regis, 1755. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of , and

of the Dean and Chapter of the Church of Lincoln, and of the Gentlemcn, Clergy, and others, Landholders of the said City, and County of the same City, and of the Liberties of the Bail of Lincoln, and Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Officers of the Exchequer have issued Process against the Petitioners, to answer a Charge of large Arrears of Land Tax, amounting, in the Whole, to the Sum of £. 584. iar. 6 laid upon the said City, and County of the same City, and Part of the County of Lincoln; viz. in the Year 1712, the Sum of 1. i\d.-, in 1713, the Sum of £.40. ut,; in 1714, the Sum of £. 41. cp. $d.; in 1715, the Sum of 41.

19J. 2 d.-,in 1716, the Sum of £.81. id.-, and, in

1723, the Sum of£. 308. 6j. 1 being an Aid granted to his Majesty, by laying a Tax on Papists, (Sc.: And alleging, That the Petitioners, having made all possible Search into this Transaction, Part of which is of more than Forty Years, and the latest of more than Thirty Years standing, have great Real'on to apprehend that the said Taxes for all the said Years, now said to be in Arrear, were duly and regularly paid by the Petitioners, their Predecessors or Ancestors, or by such others as were at those times in Possession of the Lands so charged, unto Gace, Langley Banks, and John Esquires, who were the Receivers of the Land Tax, in the several Years aforesaid, for the said City, and County of the same City, and the Part of the County aforesaid, or to their well known Deputies or Agents; and that the Petitioners have the greater Reason to believe the lame, as they can ftiew that the Clerk to the Commissioners for the Division for the City aforesaid, and County of the same City, received his Salary for the Year 1712; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Receiver General would not have paid the same had not that whole Year’s Land Tax been satisfied; and that the Petitioners can further shew, by the Receipts under the Hand and Seal of Langley Banks Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Tax for the said Division in the several Years 1713, 1714, 1715, and 1716, that the full Sums charged and assessed on the aforesaid Division for the said Years were fully paid, and satisfied; and that the Petitioners can likewise shew, from the Minutes of the Clerks to the Commissioners of the said Division for the Year 1723, that the full yearly Value of the Estates of Papists within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and Liberties of the Bail and Close of Lincoln, amounted to the Sum of^.386. ioj. and no more; and also from a Copy of an Order under the Hands of the then acting Commissioners for the County of Lincoln, at a Meeting by them held the 2d Day of September, in the said Year 1723, to proportion the Sum of £. 4,654. 6s. 6d. charged upon the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln, that the Sum of ^.75. i8r. is the exact Proportion charged upon the said City and Liberties, by the said Commissioners towards the aforesaid Tax, in the said last above-mentioned Year; and that the same appears also from Copies of several Affidavits of the then Clerks to the said then Commissioners; and that it further ' appears, from One of the Copiesof the said Affidavits, that John Manly Esquire, then Receiver General for the said

Division, paid the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the said Division his full Salary for the said 'Pax; and the (kid Clerk, in such Affidavit, swears, that lie verily believed that the said Sum of £. 7$. i8j. 10J. was duly pau.1 to the said Mr. John Manly, but that the Petitioner have not the original Order or Affidavits, and cannot tell where to find the same; and that, upon the most diligent Inquiry, no other Traces can be found of this very ancient

Affair;

City of Lincoln Land Tax.

Lincoln

Heath,

&c.

Roads.

324 a° Decentbris.A, 1755.

Aff.dr; and that by a Clause of Inf (per, in a Land Tax manner, and by such means, as to the House shall teem Act passed in the tail Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, meet.

and continued in every other Land Tax Act since that On/rm/, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-time, the Petitioners thought themselves freed from any ^deration of a Committee: And that they do examine Demands of this Sort, and therefore have neglected pre- the Matter thereof; and report the tame, as it shall ap serving the proper Evidence to prove the same; but that pear to them, to the House:

Proceis being from time to time issued out of the Court And it is referred to Mr. IVhie Mr. Mr.

of Exchequer against the Petitioners, and Issues on the More, Mr Mr. Mon fen, Mr. Bagot, Mr.

laid Proceis estreated in the said Court, Part of which HardingeMr. Mr. Sir Charles

Issues have already been paid, the Petitioners, alarmed daunt. Sir Mr. Cooke, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

thereby, did lately apply to the Lords of the Treasury, Bayntuu, Sir Armine Mr. Cocks, Mr. Kynaston,

who ordered the said Prosecution against the Petitioners Mr. Olmius, Mr. Mr. vnjhend, Mr. Chet-

for the said Arrears to be flopped: And therefore praying ivynd, Mr. Mr. Bridgman, Colonel Haldane, Mr.

the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Confi- Gybbon, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Sandy's, Mr. Sir

deration, and to grant them such Relief as the House shall Francis Poole, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bond, Mr.

think proper. Mr. Talbot, Mr. Stay Mr. Mr. Affleck,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Mr. Lcckyer, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mr. Henley,

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sir Edmund,

and Rate to the House the Matter of Fad contained in Dr. Hay, Colonel Lee, Mr. Plummer, Mr. ALhcorth. Sir the said Petition: John Mr. Richards', Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fane, Mr.

And it is referred to Mr. Monson, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. MediicoSir Roger Mr. Stanley, Sir Lionel Charlton, Mr. Alderman Dickinfort, Mr. Mere, Mr. Cart- PilkingtoColonel A'Court, Admiral Byng, Mr. Moore, veright, Mr- Hardinge, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Sir William Beauchamp; and all the Members Cujl, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Ala worth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. whoserve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham,

Townshend, Dr. Hay, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Henley, Mr. Wal- tingdon, Northampton, and Norfolk .- And they are to meet

ter, Mr. OfialdejIon, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Fellozves, Lord this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Pv.lteney, Mr. Scot, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Wig-Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, ley, Mr. Foley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Ludovick Grant, and Records.

Mr. Bayntuu, Mr. West, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir John

Philipps, Mr. Crejfwell, Sir George Lee, Mr. Grove, Mr. Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Accost Budgen, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Vernon, Lord Egmont, House, an Account of What Arrears of Land Taxes were of Mr. Calvert, Mr Olmius, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Chetzvynd, Handing out at last, with the Names of the re- Lv’,i

Mr. Bridgman, Colonel Lefie, Mr. Wynne, Colonel spective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears re- Arrej‘>‘ Grffin, Mr. Mediicott, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Talbot, Mr. mained, distinguithing each Year, and wlut Proceedings Cokbrooke, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Whitshed, Mr. Colleton, have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this

Fane, Mr. Syrmuoiuls, Mr. Popham, Mr. Willes, Sir John House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Rufhout, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Houses were standing out at Lady-day last, with the Names Oswald, Mr. Nugent, Sir EdmundIsham, Mr. Richards, of the respective Receivers in whole Hands the said Ar-

Mr. Pozve/l, Sir Henry Erskine, Lord Hobart, Sir Francis rears remained, distinguishing each Year, and what Poole, Mr. Gajhryffilx. Phillipps, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Hayes, Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Wilkin- thereof.

Jon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bfl; fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; And all that resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 1 i"’ c’ come to the Committee are to have Voices. the Bill for continuing and granting to it is Majesty certain

Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Ser-A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others of vice of the Year 1756. the North Eastern Parts of the County of Lincoln, and of Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-t’ne Inhabitants of the Towns of Sleaford, Folkingham, mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Bourn, and Market Deeping, in the said County, and of Credit.

the Lords of Manors and Proprietors of Estates adjoining Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-to the Road leading to and through the said Towns, and mitee, That thay have Power to receive a Clause, to di-from the Direction Pcftin the VnxffloofHacconby, to Do- rest: that the Deficiency which shall boon the 25th Day ningten High Bridge-, and also of the Lords of Manors of March 1756, of the Income of the Duties on Malt,

and Proprietors of Estates adjoining to the Road leading granted for the Year 1754, to fati.-fy Principal and In-from the said Town of Bourn, to and through the Towns tercll charged thereupon, be made good out of the Snoot Edothum, and Grinfflhorpe, and to Coljlenvort/i,in the plies for the YYar 1756.

laid County of Lincoln; and also of the Inhabitants of Then the House rclclvcd itself into the Lid Com-the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, mittee.

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

the House, and read; letting forth, That the Road lead- Mr. took the Chair of the Committee,

ing from the Ealt Side of Lincoln Hath, through a Lane Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

called Dunfby Lane, and to and through the said Towns of Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they

Sleaford, Falkinglmm, Bourn, and Market Deeping, unto had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

the City of Peterborough, and also the Road leading from nients thereunto; which they had directed him to repo, t, the said Town of Bourn to' the said Town of Ccljlerworth.,when the House will please to receive the lame, upon the North Road, and the I toad leading from Bridge Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow End Cu'clezvav, and DoninutonHid: Bridge to the Crols Morning.

Pa ft, in the Pari 111 of Hacconh, are in a very ruinous

Condition, and in some Places lb narrow, and in the Win- Ordered, That the Lord Pu/teney have Leave to make ter Seaton, in many Paris thereof, frequently overflowed, a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock: fhat»Passengers cannot travel through the same without And he moved the House accordingly. I

great Danger; and tint the same cannot be repaired, and And’the Quclfion was proposed. That Leave be given kept in Repair, by the ordinary Means provided by Law: to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement or Seamen, and . w-’l,: o!

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s ina Bill lor repairing and widening the iiiid Roads, in such Navy:

And

29 Geo. II.

2° — Decembris.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

for ,h= Yeas,

Tellers for the

So it passed in the Negative.

] 8i. }

211.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurity 30 die Decembris;

Anno 29® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1755. Prayers.

JENS Pederfett took the Oaths appointed, in order to

his Naturalization.

j,j3rv.le, Bone -A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Streets, &c. Poor, and other the Inhabitants of the l'arish of Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; alleging, That by the Laws now in being (as the Petitioners conceive) no effectual Provision is made for establishing, ordering, or well-governing a Nightly Watch in the said Parish, or for cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages tisercin, or for making a Rate for the Repair of the common Highways, Causeways, and Pavements in the lame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, cleansing, enlightening, dnd paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Paffuges, in the said Parish, for making a Rate for the Repair of the common Highways, Causeways, and Pavements therein, and tetter regulating the Poor.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Lyster, Lord Parker, Mr. Plummer, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Colleton, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Barrow, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Dicker, Mr.

Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mor Mr Mr

lovies, Mr. Coiebrooke, Sir Francis Pools, Mr. Walter. Sir John Cust, Mr. Gybbon, Mr Mr. Town-haul, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr.

More, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Watson, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Lane, Colonel Lord Dun-

cannon, Marquis of Winchester, Mr. IVilles, Mr.

Jon, Mr. Whichcote, Sir Lionel Mr. Powell,

Mr. Amy and, Mr. Montagu, Lord Barrington, General Onslow, Mr. Ga/hry, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Alidd/efex, Hertford, Essex, Cambridge, Surry, and Kent, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fryar APctition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons, whose Names are thereuntofublcribed, residing in or near uil or frequently travelling, the Road leading from a Place called Fryar Bacon's Study, near Oxford, in the County of Berks, through Bagly to tl.e End of a certain

Street in the Borough of Abingdon called the Vineyard, and from thence through Abingdon over a Place called Watkins's Wharf, and over Mr. William Birch's Bridge, through Caldecot Lane, up Cooper Way, by a Farm House called Gilbert's, through the Fields called Gallow Leys and Drayton RaftLuzon Field, the Lar.e called Milton Lane, and the Village of Milton, up Milton to a Pond called Chilton Pond, being in or near the Road leading to East I/fley, in the said County of Berks, and also the Vol 27.

325

Road leading from the Top of Hinksey Hill to a certain Gate near the House at Foxeombe Hill called Foxcombe Hill Gate, Part of the Road from the said Hinksey Hill to Farringdon, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the First Part of the said Roads, for more than a Mile in Length, is over a Causeway so narrow, as to be extremely dangerous to pals over; and that all the said Roads are very ruinous, and in some Places so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass each other; and that the same cannot, by the ordinary Cotirfe of Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and amending the kid Roads, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Morton, Mr. , Mr.

Cartwright, Mr. Dicker, Nix. Amy and, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Townshend, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Powell, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Flore,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Coiebrooke, Mr. , Mr.

cot, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Walter, Mr. Eliiott, Sir John Phil/ipps, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Glynn, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Moore, Mr. Pel-hum; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Berks, and Northampton And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. George Onslow presented to the House, according gt ^jary to Order, A Bill for enlarging the Ccemereryor Church- Newington yard of the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington , in Buns, the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and ’

read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bethnal Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Grew* and several Freeholders and Inhabitants in the Parish of Flat the*a, Bethnal Green, in the County of and

also of several Inhabitants in the several Parishes of CkriJl Church, Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and the Hamlet of Elite End New Town, in the said County, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants cjf the said several Parishes and Hamlet, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition: and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and after-wardsdelivered it in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Ebeuezer Mnfsle Esquire laid. That the said several Parishes and Hamlet are very large and populous, and a great Number of Manufacturers and large Traders reside therein.

Mr. Benjamin Clemfon said, That if Provision was made for widening and making a proper Road for Carriages and Passengers from the Salmon and B on Bethnal Green to a Place called Cock Lane, Part of which is at present a Bridle Way and Part a Way fora Cart (though almost impalPable), and also to open a Way into Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of Bethnal , and others, passing to the several Parishes of Christ Church,

Shoreditch, Mile End New Town, and to other Parts in Fliddlesexand London, and would also be of great Convenience and Benefit to the several Inhabitants of the last mentioned Places, to pals through the said Road to Bethnal Green, Hackney, Bow, and other Places in;

and into the County of Essex, and w«uld be yf public Utility.

4 O,

326 3° — 5 ° Decembris . 1755-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for nuking and widening a Road from the East Side of the Parish of St. MatthewBethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a Way or lload into Shoreditch, and keeping the same in Repair: and that Mr. and

Sir William Beauchamp Proffer, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

A Bill for obviating certain Doubts which have arisen Sj>hti!'g, v'Pon Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the 1 ith aic. Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Great, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, and the other made in toe 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act; and for impowering the Trustees under the said Acts to erect and maintain Lamps, and keep a Guard, upon the said Roads in the Night-time; was read a Second time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir IVw. Beauchamp Proffor, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Banket, Mr. Lee, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Co/ebrooke, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. IVtiles, Mr. Proufe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Morton, Mr.

Mr. Fucker, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Martin, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Mar ton. Lord Parker, Mr. Mr. Powell, Mr.

Hunter, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Bond, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Amyand, Mr. LaJ'celles, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gdfltry, Mr. Nugent, Lord Barrington, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Peachey, Mr. TudMr. Nicholson Calvert, Colonel Holmes, Colonel Whitmore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Efex, Hertford, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this After-non at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported, from the

’ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1756, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in ids Place; and afterwards delivered the Rill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question leveraily put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

S-ipply. Refol-jed, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-irg next, resolve it (elf into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

a ij'mmc Rfohed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-au . cans. njgjlt> resolve jtfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Fat.V. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for i\ac. i;afurail/.:. :? John David Fatio, was read the First time.

Rfolveu, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A.-l then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 50 die Decembris \

Anno 29° Georgii IlJi Regis, 1755.

Pra Y Ens.

MR. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burge lies, and Commonaity of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the last Session, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of Brifol, was read.

Abraham Isaac Elton Esquire, being examined, laid. That there are several Doubts arisen upon the Construc1 tion and Meaning of a Clause in the said Act, whether the Persons therein authorized have Power to rail'e and levy the necessary Sums to pay the Salary and Wages to the Night Constables and Watchmen, and Charges incident thereto, or to make Rates for One whole Year; and whether the Chief Constable of each respective Ward is obliged to return the Rates, and the Names of the Collectors, to the Justices of the said City, in order to be allowed and confirmed by them.

And further laid, That several of the Wards within the said City have neglected making any P.atcs; and that he thinks it will be necessary to give further r\ ime, in order to make the fame; and also to allow further Time to such Wards to make Rates, as shall hereafter neglect to make them within the Time limited by the said Act:

That there is also a Doubt whether the Ward of CaJUe Precinffs is not extraparochial.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well governing a Nightly Watch within the City of Bristol: And that Mr. Sandys, Mr. More, and Mr. , do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Sir Richard Warwick Bamfyldereported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the City of Exeter, in the County of Devon, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, was read; whereby it appeared. That the Trustees, named in the said Act, were impowered to borrow a Sum, not exceeding 15,000l. on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted.

Then a Member present informed your Committee, That the said Sum ofe£. 15,000 had been borrowed ac- . cordingly, which had been duly applied for the Purposes of the Act; and that great Progress had been made in repairing the said Roads; but that the same being about 120 Miles in Length, the said Sum of £. 15,000 is in-sufficient to repair the whole; and that the said Act has, in several other Particulars, been found defective.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and rendermore effectual an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of And that

Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Trifi, and Mr. John Walter, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

BfilM

Watch.

I xeter Roadi.

9 Geo. II. 5 Decembri327

owirnflions The House was moved, That the Orders made by the tow>heSeS House, upon Friday the 14th Day of November last, for House, keeping the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westminster Hall free and open, that the Passage of

the Members to and from the House be not obstruded 9 during the times therein mentioned; and for preventing

v. Disorders anti An-novances in Westminster Hall, and the

Passages leading to the House; might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the said Orders, and of proper Methods for the better Execution thereof; and to make Report thereupon to 1 the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Philipps, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Kynaston, Mr Mr. Walter, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. More, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Fgerton, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Egmont, Mr. Mr. Fellowes, Sir

Ham Monro, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir

Cordel Fiebrace, Sir Rd. Mr. Gore,

1 Mr. Whit/lu’d, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Campbell, Lord Parker, Mr. , Mr. Mr. Med-

Iicott, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. AshetonCurzon, Mr. PiLord Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Butler, Mr. Webb, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Bond, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

Yhillipps, Lord Sketbuni, Mr. , Mr. Budgen,

Mr. Westpiloting, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Wat [on. Sir IVm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Plummer, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Sir Ludowick Grant,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. D Mr. Scott, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Dummer, Mr. Gyb Mr. LeveJ'on Gower, Mr.

Whichcot, Sir Joint Morgan, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Smith, Sir James Creed, Mr. Moore, Mr. Sir

Edmund lfhcitn, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Towvjlscnd, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Mr. Lijler, Mr. Walp.o/e, Mr. Symmons, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Great-heed, Mr. Lafcelies, Mr. Mr. Martin, Mr. Grafter, Mr. Chauncy TownjhMr. Holmes, Sir William

Calvert, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Dicker, Sir John Hinde Colton, Mr. Lockscr, Mr Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Mar ton, Mr. Phillipson, Sir Cujl: And they are to ’ meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

: An ingrafted Bill for continuing and granting to his

c* Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1756, was read the Third time.

Rcfjived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for com inning and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1756.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defne their Concurrence.

ptv *jf Mr. Monfonreported from the Committee, to whom -the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of and of the Dean

and Chapter of the Church of Lincoln, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Landholders of the said City and County of the same City, and of the Liberties of the Bail of Lincoln, and Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition} and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as fojlmveth; viz

By a Report from the Commissioners of Taxes, on a Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Lincoln, and of the Gentlemen and Inhabitants of the said City and County of the same City, and of the Liberties of the Bail of Lincoln and Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln, referred to the said Commillloners by the right honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s VOL. 27.

Treasury, and the Certificate of the Deputy Auditor thereunto annexed, it appeared that Process had been issued against the Petitioners for Arrears of Land Tax, as follows; viz.In the Year t71 £.71. 2 2^; in the Year 1713,£.4o. ur. 10 d.\in^tUe Year 1714,£41.9 3</.; in the Year 1715, £.4.1 19 ad.-, and, in the

Year 1716, £.81.3 s. 2 d.\ and, in the Year 1723, the Sum of £308.6 s 11 d. being an Aid granted to his Majesty by laying a Tax upon Papists; and that JcJeph Gace Esquire, was Receiver of the Lind Tax for the Year 1712, Langley- Bankes Esquire, Receiver of the Land Tax for the Years 1713, 1714, 1715, and 1716 5 and that the said Langley Bankes, together with John Manby, were Receivers of the Papiits Tax for; the Year 1723.

Then Four Receipts were produced to your Committee, each of them signed by the said Langley Bankes, acknowledging the Receipt of the full Sum charged upon the City of Lincoln and County thereof, for the leveraJ Years 1713, 1714, 1715,andi7i6; and alsoa Duplicate of the Sums assessed for the Land Tax for the City of Lincoln, and County thereof, and Bail and Close of Lincoln, for the Year 1712; at the End of which is the following Entry: Aprilwih, 1713. Received then for my Salary £.9. i6r.

" o d."Which Entiy was alleged to be in the Hand-

writing of the Clerk to the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the Year 1712.

Then an Act of Parliament, of the Ninth Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by laying a Tax upon Papists, and for making such other Persons as, upon due Summons, shall refuse or neglect to take the Oaths therein mentioned, to contribute towards the said Tax, for reimbursing to the Public Part of the great Expences occasioned by the late Conspiracies; and for charging the EPiates of Papists, from the Two Third Parts of the Rents and Profits thereof, for One Year, and all Arrears of the fame, and from such Forfeitures as therein more particularly described; was read; whereby it appeared, that the Sum of^.4,654. 6 s.6{ d. was, by the said Ad, charged upon

the County of Lincoln, with the City and County of the City of Lincoln.

Then several Papers, alleged to be original Papers and Minutes of the Commissioners forputting the said Act in Execution, were read; viz.An Account of the yearly Value of the Estates of Papists within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, amounting in the Whole to £.386. 10 s.

Then a Copy of an Order, under the Hands of the then acting Commissioners for the County of Lincoln, at a Meeting held the 2d of September 1723, to proportion the said Sum of £.4,654. 6 s. 6 d. charged on the County of Lincoln, and the City and County of the City of coln, was read; whereby the Sum of £.75. 18 j. 10 is declared to be the exact Proportion of the said Sum charged upon the City of Lincoln, and Liberties of the fame.

Then a Clause in an Act, passed in the 13th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1727, was read; whereby it is enacted, That no Receiver shall, in any Account of the Monies wherewith such Receiver shall be chargeable, unless such Account be declared and passed in the Exchequer within Three Years at the far-theft after the 24th Day of March 1726, be allowed to set insuper any County or Place for any Money granted by the said Act, which shall be in Arrear; but the same shall remain a Debt upon such Receiver and his Sureties; which laid Clause has been continued, with Alteration of the Time only, in every Land Tax Ad to this present Time; by which several Clauses, the Petitioners alleged, they apprehended themselves freed from any Demands of this Nature.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a

Land

3^8

5° — 6° Decembris. A. 1755.

Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Service

of the Year 1756, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for the Relief prayed for by the said Petition.

Lincoln Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom

Heath, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the Road'. North Eastern Parts of the Countyot Lincoln, and of the Inhabitants of the Towns of , Bourn,

and Market Deeping, in the said County, and of the Lords of Manors and Proprietors of Estates adjoining to the Road leading to and through the said Towns, and from the Direction Post, in the Parish of Hacconby, to Bonington High Bridge; and also of the Lords of Manors and Proprietors of Estates adjoining to the Road leading from the said Town of Bourn to and through the Towns of Edenham and Grimjlhorpt, and to in the said County of Lincoln; and also of the Inhabitants of the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Austin was examined; who said, That he knew all the Roads mentioned in the Petition, which are in bad Repair, and in many Places too narrow; and that it is notpoflible for thefeveral Parishes, through which the same lead, to repair them by the ordinary Course of Law:

That the Towns of Sleaford, Bourn, and

Market Deeping, are considerable Market Towns; and fhat, by amending the said Roads, a better Communication would be opened from Holbeach, Spalding, and other considerable trading Towns in the County of and the East Part of the County of Lincoln, to the Advantage of the Inhabitants of those Parts, and the Public in general.

Mr. John Dowfe, being examined as to so much of the Petition as relates to the Road from the Town of Bourn to the Town of ColJlenvorth, and the Road leading from Bridge End Caufnvay and Donington High Bridge to the Cress Post in the Parish of Hacconby, said, the said Roads were very ruinous, in many Places too narrow, and the last mentioned Road subject to be overflowed; and that the several Parishes were incapable of repairing the same by the ordinary Course of Law'.

Mr. Robert Kclham confirmed the Evidence given by the other Two Witnesses in every Particular.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of , and

from the Town of Bourn to the Town of Colfternorth, and from Donington High Bridge to the Cross Post in the Parish of Hacconby, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Morfon, Mr. Hartley, Mr! , and Sir Matthew Lambe, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had made lbme Progreis in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, be- Call ,f ttl ing read; House.'

Ordered That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Meltige to this House.upon Friday last, be referred to the said Corny mittee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1756 — Land Service1, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Sandyspresented to the House, according to Or- Bristol

der, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, Watch. a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of Bristol: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandy5 have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Land fax. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty bya Land Tax, fe be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1756, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, Thar it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, They have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1754, wuf of the Supplies granted for the Year 17 56.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 6° die Decembris;

Anno left Georgii IP1 Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

RDERED, That Sir John CroJJ'e,the Lord cbftmfiiom I

Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Heft, be added to the Com- inPaifegu mittee, who are appointed to consider of the Orders made 10 lh{

by the House, upon Friday ;he 14th Day of November

last,

29 Geo. II. 6* — 8°

last, for keeping the Passages through the Streets between

Temple Bar and Westminster Hall free and open, that the Passage of the Members to and from the Ho-use be not obstructed during the Times therein mentioned; and for preventing Disorders and Annoyances ift

Hall, and the Passages leading to the House; and of proper Methods for the Execution thereof; and to make Report thereupon to the House.

The Order of the Day being read; ’

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the iSod Ta*. whole House, to consider further of the Hill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1756.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr: Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

LuneB, 8® die Decembris;

Anno 29* Georgii II41 Regis, 175$. Prayer*.

A ETITI ON of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and prin-I Cjrlfori cipal Inhabitants, in the Hundreds of and

jo,*. Carlfard.’ in the County of , whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, in behalf of thertilelv£$, and the red of the Inhabitants of the said Hundreds, was prd'ented: to the House, and r(ud; complaining of the great ln-

creafejtvf ti e Poor within the said Hundreds, and of the; present Method of maintaining such Poor, and of the

i , Want of Power to compel those to work who are able,

and allb of the Want of some better Method of instruct-, ing the Children of the Poor, and enuring them to Labour;

1 and alleging, that if the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Owners

- 1 and Occupiers of Lands within the said Hundreds, were

to be incorporated by Act of Parliament, and appointed Guardians of the Poor within the said Hundreds and :r veiled with proper Power to purchase Lands, and erect

- Buildings thereon, for the Reception of the Pour within

j. the said Hundreds, and for educating, maintaining, em-

ploying, and well-governing such Poor, the same would

} not only be a very considerable Relief to the Petitioners,

but would greatly contribute to the public Good: And . therefore praying. That the House will take the Premifts

into C(«nsideration, and give Leave that a Bill may be vl; brought in for the Purposes before-mentioned, or grant the

Petition.rsfuchotherRcliefastotheHoulenullfeemmeet.

\r. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and reporf the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vernon, Sir Cor del Mr. Page, Mr. Pitt, Mr. , Mr. Gore, Mr.

,rt;s Nor they, Mr. Charlton, Mr, Sir Frauds,

Colonel Haldane, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir John Turner, Mr. Egerton, Sir John Mole/w Mr. , Mr. "* Mr. Salv.Jbwy, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Herbert, Sir Edward

Turner, Sir IVm. Beauchamp , Mr. Smith, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Putney, Mr. Cepe, Mr. Henry Vernon, Mr. /jff.eck, Mr. Wortley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sir John Cuff Mr. Coventry, Mr. More, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Fellozoes, Mr. Stanwix, Mr. Mr. Baukes, Sir

John Crop;, Mr. Bond, Sir John Glynn, Mr. j;,:; Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr Sir Roger

pp Mr. Barrow, Mr. HuMr. Calvert, Mr.

Montagu, Sir Matthcv :Fetherffnkaugh, Mr. John ritt, "g VoL. 27.

Decembris. 32$

Mr. Lewis. Colonel Holmei, Mr. Bather, Mr. Pnutfi,

Mr. Kent, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Pophafn, hir. Cr aven, Mr. Great heed, Mr. Tuckfte/d, Mr. Mr.

and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex, Cambridge, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the GJock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed. That Mr. from the Commissioners and Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Cto the Town'of cajlls upon Tyne, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act>

A Book, intituled,^" The Eleventh Account of tfrtf " Receipts and Disbursements of John Tweddel Gentle1*

" man, Clerk and Treasurer to and for the Commissionere1 " and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting iii " F.xecuiion an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the1 " Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act fo¥

" laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Read " proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from‘ " the City of Carlisle to the Town of upon Tyne,

" so f.\r as the same relates to ,or concerns that Part of " the said Road which lies in Hie County of -

" landAnd also,

A Book, intituled, ". 1755 — Copies of the feudal " Orders and Proceedings of the Commissioners arid Trustees, and also the Account of the Receipts and " Disbursements o iGeorgePcrttinfon, deceased, late Tttafr " surer, and of George B/amire, the now Treasurer, to " and for the said Commissioners and Trustees nomfe " nated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act,

" p.ilfed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying out, miking,

" and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Paflagft t: of Tro ps and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to " 1 he Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, so far as the same " 1'Inies 10 that Part of the said Road, which li«4 in

the C runty ol Cumberlandft

And then be withdrew’.

And tue 1 itles of the said Books were read.

Ordered. T..at the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be p.-ru.vci by the Members of the House.

The f id B oks arc preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed. That Mr, Tomkins, from the Commissioners oi the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in: and, at the bar, prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order;,

An Account of all Fiax imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, irom 1729 to

Christmas 1754, and from thence to Lady-day 1755, dise tinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of all Flax exported from that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1729 to Christmas 1754, and from thence to 1755, dise

tinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of all foreign raw Linen Yarns, and Spruc^ or MofcoviaYarns, imported into that Part at Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1729 to r754, and from thence to Lady-day 1755, distinguHiring each Year, and the Species of such Yarns, together with the Duties paid thereof: And also.

An Account of all Linen Yarns imported from Ireland into that Part of Great Britain called England, flmra Christmas 1729 to Christmas 1754, and from thence t* Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year: And alii,

An Account of all the Linens imported from Ireland into that Part ot Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1729 to Christmas 1754, and from thence, to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year: And also,

4 P An

Carl:*

Accounts thtf kinctt

T radet &c»

Wieget’s

Name.

330 8" Decembris. 1755;

An Accbhnt- 6f all British and Linens exported

fr >in that Part of Great Britain called England, from Lady-Joy 1730 to Lady-day 1735, distinguishing each Yvar, and which were entitled to Bounties, and the Bounties paid thereon, and the Places to which all such Linens were or shall be exported: And also, iAn Account of all British Goods and Manufactures exported to Germany, from C 1749 to Christmas 1754, and from thence to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each.Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures: And also,.

> An Account of all British Goods and Manufactures exported to Holland, from Christmas 1749 to Christmas J1754, and from thence to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and tire Species of such Goods and Manufactures: And also,

An Account of all Goods imported from the East and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported,

which were re-exported to Germany, from Christmas 1749 to Christmas 1754, and from thence to Lady-day 1755, (Jiftinguishing each Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods: And also,

An Account of all Goods imported from the and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported, which were re-exported to Hollanfrom Christmas 1749 tp Christmas 1754, and from thence to Lady-day 1755, distinguishing each Year, and the Quantities and Species of such Goods: And also.

An Account of all British Goods and Manufactures exported to Germany, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 174a, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures: And also,

An Account of all British Goods and Manufactures exported to Holland, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1740, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Goods and Manufactures: And also,

An Account of all Goods imported from the East and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported, which were re-exported to Germany, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1740, distinguishing each Year, and the Quantities, and Species of such Goods: And also,

An Account of all Goods imported from the East and West Indies, and also all other foreign Goods imported, which were re-exported to Holfrom Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1740, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of fuel) Goods.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of William Wi now called William Bitlwer Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That William Bulwer, late or Wood-all tng, in the County of Norfolk Efcjuirc, deceased, by his hft Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the 5 th Day of May 1750, deviled all his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Wood-

nortoti, and elsewhere, in the said County to the Petitioner, his Heirs and Affigos for ever, subject to the Payment of the several Annuities and Legacies in the said Will mentioned; and did thereby require the Petitioner to take upon himself and use the Name and Family Arms of iBulwer, and to apply for an Act of Parliament for

confirming and establishing the same to the Petitioner, apd his Heirs; and that the Petitioner is in Possession of the Estate so devised to him, and hath taken upon himself the Surname of Bulvoer, and is delirous that the tame may be confirmed on him, and his Bars, by Authority ot Pailiiment; and that he and they may be impowered to bear the Arms of And therefore

praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a- Bill pnr-

iua.nt to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

JoknTurner, Mr. Cocks, and Mr. Toiatjhend, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lor granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Lind Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 175N was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee-had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question !e-verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

Sir William Beauchamp Prohor presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and widening a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Bethnal Green, in the County of Midd/ejex, to the Eoft End of Church Street in the said Parish; and to open a Way or lload into Shoreditch, and keeping the same in Repair: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time..______

AJ Bill for enlarging the Cocmetery or Church-yard of the Parish of St.Mary, Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, was read a Secbnd time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr George Onslow, Mr. Shelley, Dr. Hay, S John CrcfJ'e, Mr. Bagot Sir John Cuji, Sir Charles Mor, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Stanhope, Lord Dupplin, Mr. , Mr. Egerton, Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Mr. Hume,

Mr. Colleton, Sir John Turner, Mr.; Mr. Affleck,

Mr. LyJler, Mr. Townfflend, Mr. Mr. Ward,

Mr. Gybbons, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. Sandys, Mr Cooke, Mr. Prozcfe,- Mr. Mr Mr.

Walter, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Salufbury, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Duffle, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Nugent, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. , Mr. Charlton, Sir

Francis Drake, Mr. Wafon, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Boulton, Sir ton, Sir James Creed, Mr. Hanbury. Sir William Meredith, Mr. Bankes, Lord Hobart, Sir John Elite/I, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. W junior, Lord Mr. Rigby, Colonel Holmes, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Offley, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Lord Parker;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sufflex, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Ciock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Downe, Nix. Thornhagh, Mr. Rynotds, Mr. Henry Finch, Mr. Salufbury, Mr.

Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Pelham, Mr. George Onslow, Lord George Bentinck, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Phil-lipps. Sir Wm. Calvert, Colonel Fitzroy Scudamore, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Jones, Sir Edward , Mr. Crab

Boulton, Sir James Creed, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. fax, Col. Mostyn, Mr. Merrick Burrell, Col. Pelham, Mr.

Sergifon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Godolphi, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Locke, Lord Bateman, Mr. Bunard, Mr. Butler, Mr. ChamTcwtfield. Sir Lionel

Pilkington, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Great heed-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties and

Cambridge; be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for obviating certain Doubts which have arisen upon Two Acts of Parliament; one made in the iith Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Shore* ditch Church, through Hachiev, to Stanford Hi//, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, ro the Turn-pike at Mile End, in the County of Midd/'sex; and the other made in the 26 th Year of his Majestys Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said A cl;

and

Supply Kill; h..rd Tux.

Bethnal

Green

Road.

St. Mary,

Newington

Butts,

Church-yard.

Shoreditch

Lighting,

&c.

0 Decetnbri

Supply.

Rccmitii the Land Forces.

Militia

Laws.

Supply.

29 Gfo. II. 8° — 9

and for impowering the Trustert under the said Acts to erect and maintain Lamps, and keep a Guard, Upon the said Roads, in the Night-time; is committed.

Mr Charlton, according to Older, reported From the

Committee of the whole lloule, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty* the Resolutions, which the Committee had dir eft ed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same were read; and are as follow*.! h;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds he granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for or towards enabling his Majesty to defray the Expences which have been, Or may be, incurred by his Majesty in giving Assistance to the distreded People of Portugal, and our unhappy Fellow Subjects residing and trading the re.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Three thousand Seven hundred Fifty-nine Invalids, amounting to Thirty-four thousand Two hundred Sixty-three effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, l*e employed for the Service of the Year 1 756.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine hundred Thirty thousand Six hundred and Three Pounds Six Shillings and NTne Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Thirty-four thousand Two hundred and Sixty-three effective Men, for Guards, and Garrisons, and Other Iris Majesty’s Land Forces in Great and Jerfy, for the Year 1756.

Reforjed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Ninety-eight thousand Five hundred Thirty-four Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten PenceHalfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations* Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Year 1756.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Fifty-two thousand Four hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Oidnance, for Land Service, for the Year *756-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-lix thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the speedy and efftdtual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines: And that the Lord Barrington, Colonel Haldane, - Mr. Ellis, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House will, upon TkurfJaySevettnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws in being which relate to the Militia of this Kingdom.

The other Order of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 27.

Martisy9* die Decetnbris;

Anno 29# Georgii II*1 Regis, 1755*

Prayers.

A PETITION of Farrar tV- m Esq uire, Lord of the Rrancepcth

Manors of IVillnigtoH and Rowe, in the Lidofure.

Parish of Brancepetk, in the County of Durham, and also of the several Freeholders, and Owners of Lands, Tene4 ments, and Hereditaments, in the said Manors, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for and on behalf of ’ . themselves, and the other Freeholders, and Owners of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Manors, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a certain Common* or Tract of waste Ground, commonly called IVillingtonMoor or Common, lying within the said Manor of Willington and Parish of aforesaid; and also a certain other Common, or T.atft of waste G round, adjoining to the said Moor, commonly called Helmedon Rowe Common or Moor, lying in the said Manor of Helmedon Rowe and Parish of Brancepeth aforesaid; and that the said Farrar IVren, as Lord of the said Manors, is entit'ed to the Soil of the said Commons; and the several Freeholders and Land-owners of and within the said Manors are entitled to a Privilege to turn and departure their commonable Cattle upon the said Commons or Moors: And alleging, that the Petitioners are desirous that the 1'aidTwo Moors, orC’ommons, which, in their present Condition, are of very little Use, may be* cultivated and improved; and that the same may be, for1 that Purpose, severally divided and indofed, and set out* and allotted, unto and amongst the Lord of the said Ma* nors, and the several Freeholders and Landholders entitled to Common Right on the fame; but that although such Inclosureand Division will be of public Utility, and tend to the Improvement of the Estates and Properties of the several Persons interested and concerned in the said Moors or Commons, yet the same cannot beeffetfted, to answer the Intent on of the Parties, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Boives, Mr. Lambton, the Lord Barnard, and Mr. Tempi f, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effeiftual, Bristol a Clause in an A&c, made in the last Session of Parliament, Nisji'tly intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well- W-ltc governing, a Nightly Watch within the City of Briftot, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

Mr Nugent, Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Onslow, Mr

Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lee, Mr. Gore, Mr Leveson, Mr. Cocks,

Mr Crejjivell, Mr. Champion, Sir John IVynn, Mr. F<n-tiereau, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Bulter, Colonel Bofcawen,

Mr. Hanger, Sir John Ruf/out, Lord Hobart, Mr. tun, Lord Verney, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Eloper, Lord Pudency, Mr. Charlton, Lord Milton, Sir Calvert,

Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Glynn, Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

Colleton, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Fane,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Pelham, Mr. More, Sir John.

Cust, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Probyn, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Lyfer, Mr. Grey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Harris, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Page, Mr. Mr.

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Shelley, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Prod!or,

Air. Sa/u/bury, Mr. Edmund Nugent, Mr. Mr.

Tounge, Mr. Scott, Mr. Bold, Mr. Drax, Sir Robert Hi/dyard, Mr. Fairfax, Colonel Mr.

wynd, Lord Hillsborough-, and all the Members who lerve

for the City of Brifol, and Counties of and

Somerset: And fbey are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An

t i

fcttpply Bill;

Land Tax*

9° Decern Iris. - A. 175"-

- H t

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Lund Tax, 10 be raised in Great , for the

Service of the Year 1 756, was read the Thiid time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting art Aid to his Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 175ft; and for the Relief of the Inhabitant* of the City and County of the City of in reflect of

Arrears of the Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dtfirc their Concurrence.

Mr. Of reald, Mr. Gore, Mr Cote, the Marquis of chester. Lord Henry Beauclak, Colmel , Mr.

Dodington, S r John Elwell, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Harris, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Sir Thomas Hales,

Mr. Felloues, Mr. Nugent jo nor, Colonel M'H' n, Mr. Lisler, Mr Coventry, Mr. Burrell, Mr.; and

all the Members who serve for the Count e-s . t I hr jet, Somerset-, Devon, Cornwall, Southampton, and Hilts: /' od they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the CiA, a the Speaker's Chamber: And have Bower to lead lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

H»rnh*m A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, end others, Hill whole Names are thereunto fubteribed, living near, and

Roadt. u(dally travelling, the high Road from the Top of Ham-

ham Hill, in the Parish of Burford, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, and from thence through the several Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of Huntington, Combe, Stratford, Bishopstont and Martin, in the said County of Wilts, and from thence through the several Parishes, Towns, Vills, or Hamlets following, in tbs County of Dor jet, to wit, Pentridge, West,

Munblon up Wimborne, Hanley, GujJage St. sage St. Andrew, Long Hinton, and

Pimperne, through the Town of Bland ford Forum, and from thence through BryanBland ford St. Mary, ton. Long Bland ford, Charletou, MarjkaM, fVhaUombe,. Wittier borne, Whitechare h, Milton Abbas, Milborne -ham, Milborne Saint Andrew, Dewlish, Burlestone,

tanvn, Stinsford, and Part of the Parish of,

through the d own of Dorchester, and from thence through - other Part of Forthington aforesaid, Winterborne St. tin, Winterborne Steepleton, Winterborne Abbas, Kingston,

B-uffd, Longbredy, and Little Cheney, to a certain In* trenebment on Afkerfwell Hill, in the said Gouoty of Dorset;and also the Road leading from the said Town of Bland ford Forum, through the several Parishes, Vills, pr Hamlets following, to wit, from Bland ford Bridge, through Bryaufton, Bland ford St. Mary. Langton, Long

Bland ford, Charlton, MaSpetifbury, Sturminjltr, Marshall, Cootnbe, Aimer, Corse, Mullen, and Longfleet, to the Town and County of Poole: And also.

Ditto. Another Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually travelling, the Roads mentioned in the preceding Petition: And alfij,

Ditto. Another Petition of several Gentlemen. Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually travelling, the same Roads;

Were severally prefen ted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Roads are very founderous, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to than, £0 the House.

And they are referred to Lord , Mr, John Pitt* Lord Digby, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Felton Harvey, Mr*. Nugent, Mr, Fairfax, Mr,. Sandys, Lord George Sarhvi/lf, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Colon el Cornwallis, Mr. Thomas Townshendjunior, Mr. Brand, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Pitt, Sir Edward Turner, the Earl of Upper OJfory, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower, Mr. William Levefin Gower, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hardingt, Mr. M(Kenzie,

Mr. Foley, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Freeman, Mr.

Mr. Berkeley, Lord Bateman, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Hamilton,

Mr. Walpole, Mr Pinney, Mr. Walpole junior, Mr. wend. Mr. Co/leton, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Herbert, Mr#

Talbot, Mr. IVigley, Sir Matthew Fetheijlonhavgh, Mr. Legge, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Martin, Sic John Crojfe, Mr. Cocks, $if John Cust

The House was moved, That several Ordefs made by the House, upon F>idem the 14th Day of November might be read.

And the same were read accordingly; and are as fol

loweth; viz.

" Ordered, Tint the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do from time to time take into his Culto.ly any " Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed.

" of to be. in the House or Gallery, while the House, of " any Committee of the whole House, is lilting; and f‘ tint no Person, so taken into Custody, be ditchafged " out of Custody without the specul Order of the " House.

Ordered, That the Back Dodr of the Speaker’s Cham*.

" ber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the " House, anti the Key delivered to the'Clerk, to bfe locked rt up by him; and that he do not pflfume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the " House; and that the Serjcatit 3t Artr.s attending this House do take care to clear_ the speaker’s Chamber " every Day, before the Door is locked' up.'

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, Of M Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting." '

Ordered, That the said Orders be printed in the Votes

of this Day. ' "

The House was also moved. That several Resolutions of the House, of the -2.6th Day of 1640, and

of the iot'u and 13th Days of Merck 1734, might be tead.

Atad the feme were read accordingly,) and are as fob* loweth; viz-

- Jovis, 26 die Novembris, 164.0 " That neither Book nor Glove may give any Man Title or Interest to any piace; if they than (elves be not " here at Prayers." '

Luna, JO die-M 1734;

u Declared, That no Member is to keep any Place in

" the House by Book, Glove, Paper or otherwise, till " after Prayers, and then only for lumfcif."

Jovis, 13 die M 1734;'

" Resolved and Declared, That the Declaration of the

" House, of the 10th Day of this instant , that

no Member is to keep any Place in the House by " Book, Glove, Paper, or otherwise, till after Prayers, and " then only for himself, does not extend to a Member " who takes a Place by and for himself only before’

" Prayers, and leaves a Book, Glove, Paper, or other *f Mark of the fame, prov;ded such Member be xf Prayers!"

Ordered, That the said Reiblutions be printed in tho Votes of this Day.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Orders

and Mem* >en> k»rpi*)| PiaCCl.

io° Decemb>

29 Geo. II.

Mcrcurii, ro° Decembris;

Anno 29" Georgii II'1' Regis, 1755-Fkav r.ns.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and

Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Sill; The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act 3ialr, 6cc. for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon ?vlair. Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fitty-six, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bafinrfoke Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Roads. the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties q{Southampton and !Vi!tsy was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and haddirested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Harry llannood laid, That the high Roads from BaJings!ohcy in the County of Soulhtmitten, to a Place called Lob comb Corner, in the County of JTi!tsy are extreiYLclv ruinous and bad, and in many Places very narrow, and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the high Roads from through Pop-ham Lane, Sutton Scotney,

r.nd ^tochbndye, and the several Parishes of,

Broughton, Lowerll'aiicp, and Middle IValiop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lob comb Corner, in the P if;111 of lirinterflow, in the County of IVtits: And that Mr. John Pitt, Mr. and Mr. Thiflicthwayte,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for py milling Mutiny and Dclertion, and for the better Payment of i he Aim v, and their Quarters: And that the

Army; Mutiny and Detertion.

Lord Barrington, Mr.

Nuyeni.

and Mr. Thomas Gorey do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry Ecllcnde Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

Rryal AfTr-nt The King commands this honourable House to attend toatiilL his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was plcaied to give the Royal Assent to the public Bill following, viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-lix.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rcfdve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furth.er of Ways and Means fc;r railing the Supply granted to his Majesty; v Rejoively That this House will, upon tins Day Seven-

nighr, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive inelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to lus Majesty;

YVjl. c;.

Ways an;l Means.

533

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Copy of the Treaty, and of thfc Two separate and secret Articles belonging thereto, between his! Majesty and the Empreis of Ru(fiay signed at St. Peterjhurghy September 1755, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee;

The Holifc was moved, That the Second Provision contained in the Third Section of an Act, made in the 12th and 13th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act For the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 25th and 26th Days ot March last, of the Address of this House to his Majesty, Upon his Majesty’s Message to the House, and of his Majesty’s most gracious Answer thereto, might be read. And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That so much of the Clause of Appropriation, contained in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 17^5; and for carrying the Surplus of certain Duties to the Sinking Fund; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; as relates to the Sum of One million, for the Augmentation of his Majesty’s Forces, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Copy of the Treaty, and of the Two separate and secret Articles belonging thereto, between his Majesty and the Empreis of Ru£iay signed at St. Petersburgh, the -f|th of September 1755, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee:

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Lord George Sackvi!ley Mr. Thomas Gore,

Tellers for the Noes Mr‘ letters for the I\oes, Mr_

So it was resolved in the Atfirmative.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the Empress of Ritjfla, signed at,

the nth of December 1742, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a separate Article belonging to the Treaty between his Majesty and the Empress 01

Ruflitr, signed at Moscow, the 11 th of 1742,

and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy ofa separate Article belonging to the Treaty between his Majesty and the Empress of Rujfla, signed at Moscow, the nth of December 174Z, and Translation, be referred to the iaid Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a separate Article belonging to the Treaty between his Majesty and the Empreis of Russia, signed at Moscow, the nth of December 1742, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a separate Article belonging to the Treaty between his Majesty and the Empreis ot Rujfla, signed at MoJ'coiv, the nth Day of December 1742, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave ot signed at Hanover,

the iStli of June 1755, ant^ Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and their High Mighti-nesses the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries on the one Part, and Jits most Serene Highness the Elector ot Bavaria on the other Part, concluded at Hanover, on the { [ of Anyuft 1750, and Translation,

which was presented to the House upon the 31st Day ol January 1750, be referred to the said Committee.

4 Q Ordered,

Tellers for the Ycas;

J 3*8.

| 126.

334 10° — n°

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between the King of England, the King ot Sweden, anti the States General, 26th of September and 7th ot 1701, and Tran nation, which was pretented to the I for. fa upon the 6th Day of January 1701, be reserved to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Convention between the King of Great Britain and their High Mightincfies and the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel, touching a Body of 9,000 Men, which was pres.-nted to the 1-Joufe upon the 18th Day o f April 1702, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Ma-jefey and the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Jel, signed Westminster,9th May 1740, and Translation,

which was pretented to the House upon the 51h Day of December 1740, be referred to the fil’d Committee.

Ordered, That tire Copy of a Treaty between Iris Majesty and the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Cajj'el, for 6,000 HeJ/ians, signed and concluded at Hanover, t-gjune 1745, and Truncation, which waspresent-

ed to the House upon the 19th Day of December 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the Empress of Ri'JJia, of the 12th of 1747, and Translation, which waspresented to the House upon the 19th Day ol January 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Convention between his Majesty and the States General on the one Part, and the Emprels of RuJJiaon the other, signed at St,

19th November 1747, and Truncation, which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of January 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, ii° die Deccmbris;

Anno 29° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

Liverpool (JRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room, of John Hardman Esquire, deceased.

Regulating Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Marine the Regulat ion of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on forces. Shore: And that Mr. Ellis, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir George Tonge, and Mr. Clevland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Steraann, A Petition of Anthony Henry Siemann, Peter Otte, Kat Godfrey Moiling, and Christian Meyer, was presented to

at* the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given

to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston and Sir Robert Long do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir John Turner presented to the House, according to ’aine. Order, a Bill to enable William Wigget Esquire, now called William Bulzver, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Buhvcr, pursuant to the Will of William Buhvcr Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Srcteditc1! Sir William Beauchamp Profior reported from the Com-Lirhtinj. nftftce, to whom the Bill for obviating certain Doubts

Deccmbris. 1755-

which have arisen upon Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the 1 uh Year or hb Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road horn Shoreditch Church. through Hachnev, to Stanford Hill, and croli Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex; and the other made in the ?.6th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act; and for impowering the Trui-tees under the said Acts to erect and maintain Lamps, and keep a Guard, upon the said Roads in thcNight-time; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bid, and Lund the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the i Joule; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second tyiic, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bland ford Forum, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the neighbouring Parishes of Brianfone, Bland ford Saint Mary, Whitechurch, Pimperne, and Tarrant Hinton, in the County of Dor jet, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice, That a Petition hath been presented to the house, the Purport of which the Petitioners apprehend to be for re-' pairing the Roads leading from a certain Hiil called Harr.-ham Hill, in the County of Wilts, through the Pari lb ol Coombe, to a House called Jarvis1 s Farm House, and from thence through Martin Drove, in the Parish ot Martin, in the said County, to a House called Woody at es Inn, in the Parish of East Woodyates, in the County of Dorset; and from Woodyates Inn, through the several Parishes ot Handley, Gujjage, Chettle, Tarrant Ilinton, and Pimperne, to the Town of Bland ford Forum, in the said County of Dorset; and from the said Town of Bland ford Fcritr.:* through the several Parishes ot IWumflone, Bland ford, Saint Mary, Whitechurch, Milbcrne Saint And) aa, Dcivlish, and Biirlcflon, to Piddle Town, and from Piddle Tozvn, t hrough the Parish of Stinsford, to the Town of Dorchcfer, in the said County; and from the said Town of Dor chef cr, through the several Parishes of Forthington, Winterborne Abbas, LongBredy, and Litton, to a Place called Afkerfivell Hill, in the said County of Dorset: And alleging, That the Roads in and about the Town of Bland ford are now in such Condition as to be kept in effectual Repair by means of the Statutes now in Force; and that a Turnpike lor the Repair of other distant Roads would be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and would tend to enhance the Price of every Commodity; and that it will be impracticable to erect Turnpike-gates, so as effectually to prevent Persons from avoiding the Payment of Toil, but in such Places as are close to the Ciid Town of Bland ford, t he Roads from all Parts centering the re, for the Pad age over the Bridge; and that the whole Town mud of NecctTIty be surrounded with Gates; an i the bare Salary of the Officers appointed to attend at such Gates will, upon a just Calculation, amount to Five times as much annually as is necessary to keep all the Roads within the said Town and Parish in perfect Repair, even though none of the Statute Labour was to be performed: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that such an Act, as far as relates to their several Parithcs, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom theleveral Petitions presented to the House upon Tuesday last, relating to the Roads mentioned in this Petition, are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The

Harnliam

Hill

Ruais.

Aimv i

iVisi'iuy

;imi

Dcicriion.

F^tio’s

Nat.

Pc* if r fen Nat.

Fat jo’s Nat.

Srcir.ann,

&:c.

Nat.

Mfrr.ht rs take Oaths

Tool

Road.

29 Geo. II. ii° — 120 Decembris. 335

The Lord Harrington prefer, ted to the House, according to Order, a Bd! ior punishing Mutiny and Dersertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the Fird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrnfiVd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John David Patio, was read a Second time.

Rtfdved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Calvert, Mr. Ksnujlun, Mr. Harris, ?vlr. A'ickolfon Calvert, Mr. Lxjier, Mr. Jo/hi Calvert, Sir 70/;// Philipps, Mr. GVvy, Sir John Cuff, Mr. P/7/, Mr. Thovnhagh, Mr. Probvn, Sir ybZ;/ Turner, Mr. Sargent, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Sahijbuvy, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Ga/lry, Sir Prancis Poole, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bayntwu the Recorder of Lon-den, Mr. Fonnercany Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. fc/ey, Mr. Barbor, Mr. White, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. H iglev, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Hayes, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Qoiv/e, Mr. Alderman Flu dyer, D oft or Hay, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Moore, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Onjlczv: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Riil for naturalizing 7w Pedcrfen, was read a Second time.

Rcfclved, That the Bill he committed to Sir /iG;. Beauchamp Procter, Sir John Turner, Sir JeZ;/ Phillips, Lord Harrington, Mr. Harbor, Mr. Dodd, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Jhncctts, Mr. IVHies, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Cuji, Mr. RiPjiv, M r. Henley, Mr Cocks, Sir Francis Poole, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Lxjier, Mr. Pozvmy, Mr. Medlicoit, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Herbert, the Recorder of London, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Harris, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Alexander, Sir jEdward Turner, Mr. IVigyey, Mr. Oimius, Mr. Whichcot, Mr* Wtikinson, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. 7'orke, Sir 7*Z;z Or ode, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Mr. Crowle,

Air. Harvey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning. Nine of the Clock.

Veneris^ 1 20 die Decembris;

Anno 29° Georgii IP* Regis, 1755. Prayfrs.

SIR William Calvert reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill fresh the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John David Fatio, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Kymston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Anthony Hairy Stemann, Peter One, Godfrey Moiling, and Christian Meyer: And the same was received.

v And several Members, returned upon new Writs, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the laws made for those Purposes; The laid Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, redding in or near the several Towns of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, the Town o(Oswestry, in the County of Salop, and die Town of Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was VoL. 17.

presented to the House, and read; fi tting forth. That the Hoad leading from the said Town of Pool, through Llanymyneih, in the several Counties of Denbigh and Salop, to Oswestry, and from thence, through Chirk, and Knabon, in the County of Denbigh, to Wrexham, is very ^.ruinous, and dangerous to Travellers, and in Icvcral Parts thereof very narrow anti incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And further setting forth, that there are Two Roads leading into the Town of Pool from Oswestry; and that One of them, leading through a Lane Called the Red Lane, is useless, and may be Hopped up without Damage or Loss to any Person: And therefore praying, That Leave tray be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping the said Road in Rep air, and Hopping up the Road through the Lane called the Red Lane, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition cf icveral Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing upon or near the Road between Knockin, in the County of Salop, and Llamhaider in Mochnant, in the County of Denbigh, was also presented to the House, and read; taking notice, That Application is intended to be made to this House for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Pool, in the County of Montgo* mery, through Oswestry, in the County of Salop, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh: And setting forth, That there are several Limeand Coal Mines near the Road leading from Knockin, through OJbafibn, Morion, Llynelis, L/an y Bio dwell, and Llangedwin, to Llamhaider aforesaid; and that the said Road is in many Places become so very deep and ruinous, that Carriages cannot, even in the Summer Sealon, pass thereon without the greateH Danger, and cannot be sufficiently repaired without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the same Bill, for the more effectual repairing the said Road, or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And they are to examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Kynafon, Mr. Rob inf on,

Mr. Symmons, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cole In ooke, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Har hinge, Mr. Lyster, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Drake, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gere, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Campbell, Mr. AJfleck, Mr. Ongley, Sir John Cuf, Mr. Backwell, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Powney, #Mr, Montagu, Sir John CroJJe, Lord Dupplin, Mr Salisbury, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Barnard, Sir Charles Kernss Tynte, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Godo/phin, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gajkry, Mr. Page, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Philipps, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Waiter, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Med/icott, Mr. Alderman Reckford, Sir John Mvlesworth, Mr. FCichards, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Lewis, Sir William Beauchamp P roll or; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales, and Counties of Salop, Chefer, Ilerejord, Worcester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five oi the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have . Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for obviating certain Doubts which have arilen upon Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the 11 th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and crois Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex\ and the ether made in the 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act; and for impewering thcTruftccs under the said Acts to erect and maintain Lamps, and keep a Guard, upon

Pool

Road.

Shr-r^tch Light* 1 g, &c.

12° Decem

A.

T nr*

1 / b

r cvlsrfcn’s Nat.

Dtdfoni

Level

Duina^e.

Ditto.

the said Road* in the Night-time; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposec! to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 27. To leave out " therefore/’

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Repohaed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tit le be, An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the 1 ith Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hi/!, and crois Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex; and the other made in the 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act; and for impowering the Trustees to ered and maintain Lamps, and keep a Guard, upon the said Roads in the Night-time.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Proctor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. George Colebrooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Jens PeJerffen; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Hi!J, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the B 11 to the Iloufe, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of divers Owners and Occupiers of certain Fen Lands and low Grounds lying in the South Level Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and are bounded by Milclenhall River on the South, Brandon River on the North, certain Highlands in the Counties of Not folk, Suffolk y and Cambridge, on the East, and the River Gaze on the Welt, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners, and ot several other Owners and Proprietors within the Limits above mentioned, have been for several Years pail, and dill are, very much annoyed with Waters, through the Defect of their Outfall to Sea, and cannot be effectually drained without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to drain the lame, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of certain Fen Lands or low Grounds lying in the South Level of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Lively and between the Rivers of the Hundred Foot and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hard lands of Meprd, IVit chan y If'lie I ford, £/v, Doivnham, and Lit tie port y and in a certain Fen called GruntyFen,\\as presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners arc frequently oversowed, and very much damaged and annoyed by Waters; and that the said Hands lie very Conveniently tobe drained, but that the Petitioners cannot raise the Money that will be necessary to perform the same without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave be given ro bring in a Bill to drain the said Linds, or tint the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House Hull teem meet.

And the said Petitions were teverally ordered to be rife, red to the Consideration of a Committee: And they are to examine the Matters thereof; and report the lame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And ttK-y are referred to Lord Roy fort. Sir William Calve) t, I.,urd Barrington, Mr. Potter, Mr. Ellis, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Hard rage, Mr. Tozcffheud, Sir John Crojfe, Sir Uni. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Tor he. Lord Upper OJ-ioiy, Mr. Salffbury, Mr. Pro iffe, Mr. Northcy, Sir Charles y hr daunt, Mr. Fc!loves, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. (lulveit, Mr. R chiffon, Mr. Collet on, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gore, Lore \ Dupplin, Mr Cope, Mr. U Ukinjin, Mr. Kynajlcn, Mr. 0 Indus, Mr. L\Jier> Lord

George S Mr. 7/

ac/ei’/u inzer.

Mr. Probxrty Mr. Ilervev, Mr. I:

7/.

ut

Mr. 0'r:!:v, Mr. Se/wrn, CHom

d IVlit

Mr. Bay filial, I/;rd Egmont, Sr Francis Drake, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Alderman Dlcbdafon, Mr. Onflove, Sir Nicholas Bay Icy, Mr. Tyner, Mr. James Colebrooke, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Jeuyns, Mr. Charles Yorkc, Colonel Stanza lx, Mr. Cor naval!. Sir James Creed, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Belch ter, Mr. Crov.de, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Powner, Mr. She/lev, Sir Francis Daj/rwccd, Mr. HI lies, Mr. Pitt, Mr. f Fa if on. Sir Armine IIr ode house, Mr. Sargent, ?v!r. Sandys, t>ir John Punier, Mr. Boone, Sir Henry Erskine,

Mr. Obrien, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Bond; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Cambridge, Lincoln, Norfolk, Sit ft Ik, Fffex, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A P>ill for making and widening a Road from the Halt Side of the Panlh or St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East Side of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a Way or Road into Shoreditch, and keeping the same in Repair, was read a Second time.

Refulved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, MTl Cooke, Colonel Bofcazcen, Mr. My deletion, Mr. Har dirge, Mr. Rob infest, Lord Rovf.cn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fellczves, Mr. EUR, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Scheyn, Mr. Pro'-:!':, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Colleton, Sir Tr ilium Calzert, Mr. P At. r, Mr. Former ecu, Mr. Therrdiagh, Mr. CiozAe, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Slopec, Mr. Levi [on Gower, Lord Varney, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Pitt, Sir James Creed, Sir John Crffe, S;r JA>n Cud, Mr. Which cot, Mr. If 11 biffin, Mr. Boone, Mr. Crx.vilic, My. Hanger, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Prcbyn, Mr. Til/x, Mr. If igley, Mr. Charles Towfpbead, S;r Lit hard L 'yd, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Argent, Mr. Harm\ Mr. Faff haw. Lord Maipas, Mr. Bayntun, ?*J.r. Hunt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Duffe, Mr. Lockytr\ and all the Members who lerve for the Counties ot Ivlicid'efex, Hertford, and Fffex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five ot tiic Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

fictfcnal (Ora a lloai.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Atty* the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second time. D

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee who are appointed to Oh^n,.rr;r-s consider of the Orders made by the Iloul’e upon Friday in the 14th Day ot November Lift, for keeping the Pali’.iges h1uC. through the Streets between Temple Bar and If dll min Her Hall free and open, that the Passage of the Members to and from the House be not obstructed dining the Tirrn-s therein mentioned, and for preventing Disorders and Annoyances in Wefflmlnffer ILdl, and the Railages leading to the House, have Power to report their Proceedings from time to time to the House.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the IToufe, CY.Ioftht being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till Tueffaay the 20th Day of January next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker fest the Chair.

Mr. CharliLn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

Ludlow

Hoads.

29 Geo. II. !20 — 150Decembris. 337

Mr. Sneiker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to levcrai Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Vhole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Three of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Motwag, Nine of the Clock.

Lux<zy 15* die Decembris;

Anno 290 Georgii Iidl Regis, 1755. Prayers.

A NTH ON Y Henry Stemann, Peter Oiie, Godfrey MpU 'r* ling, and Christian Meyer, took; the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalisation.

A Petition of the Gentlemen* Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in and about the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, \frhofe Names are thereunto tubteribed, wa* presented to the House, and read; setting torth, That, the Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Ludlow, through Henley, to the CUe Hilly and to the Market House at Cleobury Mortimer; and from the same Place, through a Place called the tfheet, to Qaxnham and Whitton \ and from the same Place, o.ver B.lyth Wood Common, to Ledwich Rridgf, in the said County; and from the same Place, through Elton, to the Court House at Wigmore, in the County of Hereford; and from the same Place, through Leintwardine, to Knighton, in the County of Radnor 5 and from the same Place, by Hun/Iy, to the Hay Bridge; and from the same Place, by Wifiairflow, to the Market House at Church Stratton; and from the same Place, through Muufloio and Shipton, to the Town of Much Wenlock; and from the same Place, by Fishmer Brook, to hit back, and by the Brick House to Hope Hey-ton, Great Sutton, and Bowden; and from the same Place, through Middleton, to a House called the Befora, upon the Cold Green, and thenc^to North Cleobury; are become so deep and ruinous, that Travellers cannot pass without great Danger; nor can the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such maimer as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ol a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Edward Herbert, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Harley, Mr. Westphadng, Sir John Act ley, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. More, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Forrester, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. WUkinjon, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Martin, Mr. Ohnius, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Daniel Moore, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Charles AJordamit, Mr. Gzvynn, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Ojbaldeftoti, Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Powmy, Sir John Crcftc, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Nu lent, Mr. Aldworth, Sir Robert Hildyattl, Air Montagu, Mr. Rohinjou, I^ord North, Mr. Delava!, Mr. Rider, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Air.

Oswald, Mr. Lrfler, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Mr.

Walpole; and all the Members who lervefor the Counties Vol. 27.

of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, and for the Principality

of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Sir William Beauchamp Proffor reported from the Com- Mary-le-mittee, to whom the Pet it ion of the Churchwardens, Over- - bone. seers of the Poor, and other the Inhabitants, of the Parish ets* c' of Saint Mary It Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was

referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Air. John Aujiin laid, That the said Parish is greatly in-creal'ed in Buildings and Inhabitants, and borders upon several large and populous Parishes within the Liberty of Westminster, from whence Vagrants, and other disorderly Persons, escape into the said Parish, and conceal themselves from Justice: That ifeffectual Provision was made for establishing and well-governing a nightly Watch in the said Parish, and for cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and for making a Rate for the Repair of the common Highways,

Causeways, and Pavements, within the same* and so better regulating the Poor, it would be of great Benefit; to the said Parish, and to the Public in general.

Mr. George Mercer junior, being examined, confirmed

the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Readies, and _ cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares,

Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways

and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish

of St. Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex: And

that Sir William Beauchamp ProSlor and Air. Edward

Herbert do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Cocke reported from the Committee, to whom the WindmiH Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are there-. Hill unto subscribed, Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood lead- R°a(h i ng to the Old Street Turnpike Road, Middlesex, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; apd he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Cletk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of Parliament, palfed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Stones End near to

the Center of the Bridge iq Old Street Road, and through Old Street, in the Parish of St. Luke, , to the.

Well End of the said Street, next the Pavement in GofineH Street, was read.

Then Mr. John Barthrcpinformed yoqr Committee,

That tire laid Road had been repaired by the Diredbon of the Trustees appointed in the said A<fl, and was at this time in very good Repair; but that if a new Road wee opened from the Red Lyon on Windmill Hill, near the East End of t he Artillery Ground Wall, to tire End of Thunderbolt Alley, in the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the county of " Middlesex, and from thence through Warship Street and the Curtain, to a Place called the Ditch

Side, next the East End of Holy Well Mount, in the said Parish, it would be a nearer W ay, and much more beneficial to the Public; and that the said Road might be opened without laying any additional Toll, or eretting any new Gate.

Mr. Thomas Mutter and Mr. John Harris severally said,

That if such new Road is opened, it will be necessary to purchase a Piece of Ground leading from the said Ditch 4 11 Side

Ilamham

Hill

Roads.

338 15° Decembris. J. 1755.

SidMp a JIoufe known !, V the Name cf ihe London Ap- through

prenticer in the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, into the B, Charlton Mar shall, -

Road which leads to Kings land. New Market, and the JhaCoomb?, Aimer, Corf? Mullen, and Long Fleet, to great Noithem Hoad; or otherwise -to enable the said the Town and County of and also the Petition of

Trustees to open a Hoad leading from the said Red Lyon several Gentlemen, Clergy, and ethers, whole Names are to and through a certain Place called the Dog Bar. thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually travelling,

M r. Praed, Clerk to the Trustees. being examined, in- the Roads mentioned in the preceding Petition; and also formed your Committee, That the Gentlemen of the the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy-, and others. Neighbourhood had applied to the Trustees for opening whole Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and the said new Hoad; in consequence whereof, the Trustees usually travelling, the same Roads; and also the Petition made an Order for applying to Parliament for that Pur- of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough pole, which he produced to your Committee. of Blandjord Forum, anti of the'Gentlemen, Clergy,

And being asked, Whether tiieTrtlllees would beable Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the neighbouring Parishes to open and repair the said new Road without any addi- of Brtanstone, Blandjord Saint Mary, 'hitechurch. tional Toll ? he said, They would be able to repair and p and Tarrant Hinton, in the county of ; were widen the Road, but could not tell whether they would referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters be able to make the necessary Purchases. of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the

And he further informed your Committee, That Mr. fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he Milward, One of the Trustees, had lent £.2,000 upon read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it the Credit of the Tolls; and that he was the only Cre- in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Came was read; and ditor, and had consented to this Application. is as followed);

\ Being allied, Whether the new Road would not be a To prove the Allegations of the Three first-mentioned great Loss to the Proprietor of the Dog Bari he laid, It Petitions,

would, to be sure. Mr. being examined, said. He knows

John Culvert Esquire, being examined, informed your the several lioads mentioned in the Petitions, which are Committee, That he had made a Calculation of the Ex- very ruinous, and dangerous to Travellers, and in many' ]>ence which will attend the widening and repairing the Places too narrow; and that they cannot be effectually said intended Road, including the Charge of passing the repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Act of Parliament, and that the Whole amounted to Being asked, Whether the Roads within Three or £.1,500, and that the Income of the present Tolls are Four Miles of the Tow n of Blandjord Forum could not fully sufficient to doit; but when the new Road is opened, be repaired by the Laws in being? he ia:d, He could the Number of Passengers, and consequently the Tolls, not tell; That there is a hollow Way near the End of will be greatly increased ' the Town of Blandjord, leading to Dorchester, where one

That the opening of either of the Roads mentioned ia Carriage cannot pats another: That the said hollow Way the Petition will be convenient, but that through the is about a Hundred Yards long, and he believes some DogRdr will be the most so; and that he hopes the Truf- Part of it cannot be widened w-ithout Power to take in tees will be allowed the Alternative. more Ground.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to The Evidence given by Mr. was confirmed by

enable the Trustees for repairing Old Street Road, to re- several Members present.

pair, widen, and make, a Road, from the Sign of the Red In order to prove the Allegations of the last mentioned Lyon on Windmill Hill, through Worship Street, to the Petition,

Ditch Side next the East Side of Holy Well Mount, and Mr. John Tzvynikoe, being examined, said. That the through a certain Ground to the'Sign of the London Ap- Roads within Three or four Miles of Blandjord, were in prentice, in the Parishes of St. Luke and St. Leonard as good Repair as any in the Kingdom (except Turnpike Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; or to say open. Roads), and, in general, that Carriages might convenient-repair, and widen, a Road from the said Red Lyon, through ly pals thereon, except in an hollow Way adjoining to the Dog Bar, into the Old Street Road, in the said County: Blandjord Town, on the West Side, which was about 100

Aud that Mr. Cooke and Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, or 150 Yards long.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Being asked, Whether the hollow Way on the East;

Side of could be widened without purchasing

The Lord Milton reported from the Committee, to Lands for that Purpose ? he said. He thought it might, whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and but that he did not remember it very perfectly: others, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, living near. That the Foundation of the Roads within Three or

and usually travelling, the high Road from the Top of Four Miles of Blandjord is very good, and he thinks in Harnham Hill, in' the Parish of Burjoid, near the City general they might be repaired by the Statute Labour; of Nezv Sarum, in the County of Wilts, and from thence and that if all the Roads mentioned in the Petitions were

through the several Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of Hu- as good, he apprehends there would be no Occasion for a mington, Combe, Stratford, Bishopftone, and Martin, in Turnpike.

the said County of Wilts; and from thence through the Being cross-examined, he was asked, Whether the Sta-several Parishes, Towns, Vills, or Hamlets, following, tute Labour would be sufficient to amend and widen the in the County of Dorset, to wit, Pentridge, Well Wood- hollow Ways to the East and YV eft of he laid,

yatts. Munition, up Wbnborne, Hanley GuJJage, Saint Mi-He did not believe it would, as it is now performed: That chael GuJJage, Saint Andrew, Long Critchdl, Tarrant Hin-he thinks the Town of from its Situa ion upon

ton, and Pimpcrne, through the Town of Blandjord Forum, a River, is the properest Place for fixing a Jurnpike;

and from thence through Bryauston, Blandjord St. Mary, but if that was to be done, not only the said 1 own, Langton, Long Blandjord, Ckarleion, Marshall, What- but the whole Vale of Blacknmr, would suffer greatly

cw'v, Win terborne, Wlsitechurch, Milton Abbas, Milborne by it.

Sli/eham, Milborne St. Andrew, Dcidish, Buriy!one, Pid- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dlelown, Slinsjord, and Part of the Parish of Forthington, repairing and widening the Road from the Top of harn-through the Town of Dorchester, and from thence through near the City of New Sarum, in the County of

other Part of Forthingtonatoresaid, Winter home St. Alar- Wilts, through the Towns of and

tin, Winterborne SteegUt’.n, Winter borne Abbas, Kingston, defter, to a certain intienclunent on HU/, in

Rujel, Long BreJy, and Litton Cheney, to a certain In- the County of And that the Lord and

trenchment 0:1 AJkcrJut-ell Hill, in the said County of Mr. John Pitt, cio prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Dor/t/iand also the Road leading from the said Town of Blandjord Forum, through the several Parishes, Vills, or The Lord presented to the House, pursuant

Hamlets.' foMowing, to wit, from Blandjord Bridge, to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate

Cl.el

29 Geo. II.

Estimate of tho Charge of the Out Pensioners of Chel-Jta Hospital, for the Year 1756.

339

And the Title of the (kid Estimate Was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

150 — 16° D

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1756.

Per Diem. For 306 Days.

7,764 Out Pensioners, Handing at present upon the Books of the Hof- £ d- £. d.

pital, at 5 d. pgr diem each ----- 161 15 — 59,200 10 —

x 00 Letter-men, at 12 d. per diem each ----- 5 1,830

31 Serjeants, at 9 d.per diem each ----- 3 3 425 9 6

From which deduct. The Sum of Seven thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage 167 18 3 61,455 *9 6

of the Forces, for the Year 1756 ----- Remains to be granted, upon account, for the Out Pensioners of Chelsea 1 I O O r^. r

Hospital, for the Year 1756 0 ----- Barr in ?ton. - - £ 53*955 6

Basingstoke

Roads.

Supply.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the high Roads from Basingstoke, through Popham Lane, Cranborn Water, Sutton Scot Hey, and \'ockbridge> and the several Parishes of Houghton, Broughton, Lower Wallop, and Middle Wallop, in the Couniy of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of WinterfloWy in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First time,

Rcfoived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Cieik’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow'eth; viz.

Resolved, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceedingOne hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Empress of Russia, pur-luant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-four thousand One hundred and Forty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Landgrave of Hefje Caf 'ely pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted lo his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elector ct Bavaria, pur-iuant to Treaty.

The first Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided*

The Noes went forth.

rj, c , \ Colonel Cornwallis,

Te!ler.forthe\«s,jMr ^.

... , c , xt { M r. James Grenville,

iel!erbfbrtheNoes, JMr_

So it was refill vest in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Yon. 27.

]j63-

j «9-

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in thfc said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J }*5»- ’

Tellers for the

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put there- upon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 16° die Decembris;

Anno 29* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1755.

Prayers.

SjRDEREDy That Mr. Speaker do iflje his Warrant to the Clerk of the Cro<\n, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, in the room of the right honourable Thomas Hay Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Dnpplin, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Land Forces.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Jens Pederfen, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Jens Pederfen.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp ProSor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived*

A Bill to enable William Wigget Esquire, now called William Bitlzaer, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Bu/wcr, pursuant to the Will of William Buhver Esquire, detailed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jehu Turner, Lord Hobart, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. John Bitty Mr. Calzerty Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tdtct, Mr. Cole-hrovke, Mr. Kjnaflon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lxjltr, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Earley Mr. Morey Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Levcfcn Gower, Mr. Page, Mr. Keck,

Cambridge Tow a NVric.

Pederfen’s

Nit.

Committee*.

Wipers

N<

Leigh'*

Nam«.

Stemann,

&c.

Nat.

Army; Mutiny ai*d Drfertion.

340 16* — 170

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mr Townshend,

Sir John Cujl, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Prcufe, Mr. Sir

Henry Erjtine, Mr. Northey, Lord Doivne, Lord George Bentinck, Mr. Robinson, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Morton, Mr. Crejjivell, Sir Matthew , Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Ellis, Colonel Cornwallis, Lord Malpas, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Mr. Fre-

derick, Mr, Medlicot, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr.

F1 ugh an, Sir Wm, Beauchamp Sir Robert Long, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Potter, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Rebow, Lord Royflon, Mr Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Plummer, Mr. CrMr. White, Mr. bor, Mr. Gaflory, Mr. Affleck, Lord Verney, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fane, Sir William Calvert, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Finch, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Shelley, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of James Leigh of in the County of

Oxford, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Thomas Perrot of the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, Esquire, deceased, by a Codicil to his last Will, bearing Date the 3d Day of March 1747, and which Codicil is dated the 25th Day of 1748,

did thereby devise all his Estate and Manor of North-high, in the said County of Oxford, to the Petitioner, by the Name of James Leigh, Son of Thomas Leigh of Harden, in the County of Oxford, Clerk, and his Heirs and Assigns, for ever; the Petitioner taking upon him-self, by Act of Parliament, if to tv obtained, the Surname and Arms of Perrot: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Perrot.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-luant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Rushout, and Sir John Turner, and Mr. Keck, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing Anthony Henry Stemann, Peter Otte, Godfrey Moiling, and Christian Meyer, was read a Second time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Forrefler, Mr. Mr. Bankes,

Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. More, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir John Turner, Mr. Page, Mr. Keck, Mr. Colleton, Mr. lowes, Mr. Trifl, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Sir Francis Poole, Mr Lejlie, Colonel oir William

Calvert, Mr. Sanays, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Mr.

Gore, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Bond, Mr. West, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bridgman, Lord borough, Sir Matthew Lambe, Lord Malpas, Sir John Rufhout, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Foley, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Calvert, Lord Downe, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Shelley, Mr.

Gajhry, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Lifler, Mr. Walpole, Mr. De/aval, Sir Francis Dajlnvood, Sir Henry Erfiine, Mr. Digby, Mr. White, Mr. Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Northey, Mr. Ongley, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Stanhope, Sir George Yonge, Lord Pulteney: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Det’crtion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Clitir of the Committee.

Mr. Speakcrrefumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same,

16

D tee mb ris. j2. 1755*

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thurjrhty Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, I J° die Decembris;

Anno 290 Georgii IF' Regis, 1755. Prayers.

MR. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Anthony Henry Stemann, Peter Otte, Godfrey Moiling, and Christian Meyer, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Stemann,

&c.

Nat,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Tewkcftwy others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the several Towns of TCheltenham, and Tetbury, in the County of Gloucefland the several Parishes and Roads thereafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Roads leading from the said Town of through

the Parishes of Tewkesbury and AJltchurch, in the said County; and through the Parish of Overbury, in the County of Worcester; and through the Parishes of Beck-

ford, Alderton, Winchcomb, Toddington, Didbrook, and Stanway, in the County of Gloucester, to a Gate called Gofcomb Gate, on the Top of Stanway in the said Parish of Stanway; and also the Road leading from a certain Elm in the said Parish of called Ifa-

bel’s Elm, through the Patifbes of Aflichurch and ton, by an Elm called OxentonElm-, and through the Parish of Wolflon, by an Elm called Wolfton Elm, to Go-therington, in the Parish of Bishops Cleeve, in the said County of Gloucester; and through Gotherington and Cran-

nel Lane to the Top of Gotherington Hill-, and also the Road leading from the said Town of Tewkefltury through, the Parishes of Tewkefltury and Twining, in the said County of Gloucester, over a certain Common called Brockeridge Common, and from thence to and through the Parishes of Ripple and Earls Croombe, in the said County of Worcester, to a Farm-house called the Old Bell, or the Old Blue Bell, in the said Parish of Earls Croombe; and from the said Town of Tewkesbury, through t he Parish of Tewkefltury, and through the Parish of in the said County of Wore flier-, and through the Parish of Kemerton, in the said County of Gloucester-, and through the Parish of Overbury aforesaid to a Place called Ford Brook, in the said Parish of ;and also the

Road leading from Breedon aforesaid through the said Parish of Breedon, and through the Parish of Eckington, in the said County of Worcester, to a Bridge called Eckington Bridge; and also the Road leading from the down of Tewkesbury aforesaid, through the Parishes of Tewkesbury and Deerhurst, in the said County of Ghtu-cester, to a Bridge called Wainloads Bridge, in the lower Way from Tewkesbury to Gloucester; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Tewkesbury through the Parishes of Tewkesbury, Deerhurst, Lye, otherwise Leigh,

Elmflune, commonly called ElmfloneHardwick, and dington, to and crois a certain Part of the iload called the Upper Road from Tewkesbury to Cheltenham, in or near the Middle of which Hands a certain Elm called Piffl's; and also the Road leading from the said Elm through the Parishes of Boddingtcn, and Elmflone, or Elmflone Hardwick

aforesaid; and through the Parishes of Swindon, Cheltenham, Charlton Kings, Lubberly, Eft one. Side. Wins!on, bonrne Abbotts, DuntsbourneRous, by a Place called

bury Park Corner, in the said Parish of Duntsbourne Rons, and from thence to the Parish of Sapcrtvn-, and through the

Parish

Tewkesbury

Roadsr

29 Geo. II; 170 Deci

Parish of Sr, per ton, and the Hamlet of and

through the Parish of Rodmartonto tljc 7 Mile Slone

in the Turnpike Road from to near a

Farm tailed Tru/l Farm, in the said County of and also the Road leading from the Market House in Cheltenham aforesaid, through a Lane called, St, Lexer's and through a Lane called Sandy or Burrow; and through a Lane called Harp , imthe laid Parish of Cheltenham; add through the said Parish of Charlton Kings, up North Field Hill, to the Parish of Whittington; and 1 [trough the Parishes of , Shiptoit

and ShiptonSolers, to the Turnpike Road Lading from

Burjord to Gloucester, near a certain Tree called

Ash, in the said County of Gloucester; are become fodeep and ruinous, that, in the Winter and rainy Seasons of the Year, several Parts of the said Roads are aim oft impafr fable for Wheel C&rriage?, and also very dangerous for Travellers and Hortes laden; and that the said Roads scanrtot be effectually amended and repaired by the ordh nary Course of Law i And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and altering the said Roads, by granting such Tolls and Provisions for that Purpose, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the ploufe:

And it is referred to Mr. John Martin, Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Keek, Sir John , Mr. Cocks, Mr. West, Mr. Hardlnge, Mr. Daniel , Mr. Sir

WiuiamCalvert, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Hayes, Mr.

Mr. Veche, Mr. W iikinson, Sir John CMr.

Mr. Whitworth, Lord Parker, Mr. Colonel

Leftie, Lord Ma'pa:, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Mr.

More, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Hill, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Uiftey, Mr. Hume, Mr. Locks, Mr. Frederick, Mr.

Coventry, Lord George Sackvil'e, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Coio'id Holmes, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Bodville, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

wynd, Mr. Harrifcn, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Co!lei on, Mr. Forrester, Mr.' Pei haw, Mr. Page, Mr.

Dalflon, Sir Matthew Lambs, Mr. Alderman Mr. Braftey, Mr. Murray, Mr. Mr. Onftow, Mr.

Alderman Porter, Mr. Rcbow, Mr. Powell, Mr tun, Mr. Salnfbmy, Mr. Thorr.hr.gh, Mr. 7 Mr.

Chaplin, Mr. Cope, Mr. GorSir John Turner, Mr. Crefwell, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Myddelton, Mr.

chards, Mr. Willes, Sir Join Wynne, Mr. Phiilipps, Mr. Lade, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Plummer, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Row-icy, Mr. Harvey, and all the Members who serve for the Counties ol Gloucester, cester, arid Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Freeholder^ and Inhabitants of tile Parishes of Tewkesbury and Twining, in the County of Gloucester, and of the Parish of Ripple, in the County of Wore eft er, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the preceding Petition, and alleging. That the Road from Tewkejbwy, through the said Parishes of and

Twining, by a Bridge called Bozv Bridge, and from thence to and through the said Parish of Ripple to such Part of the Upper Road from Tewkesbury to as is situate

in the said Parish of Ripple, being commonly called the Lower Waft from Tewkesbury to Worcester, and where the said upper Road and lower Road join, and which is become very ruinous, and almost impassable for Carriages, and very dangerous for Travellers and Horles laden, and cannot be repaired and amended by thfc ordinary Course of Law, is omitted in tbt laid Petition: And therefore praying. That the said lower Road from to-

wards Worcester may be added to the Bill prayed for by the preceding Petition; and that all other things may be done in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet. Vol. 27.

lmbriL $41

’ < »'

Ordered,"That the said Petition be referred to the Cpn-sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Petitiort of the Gentlemen, Clergy/Freeholders, and others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the several Towns of Tewkesbury, Cheltenham, and Tetbury, irt

the County of Gloucester, and the several Parillles and Roads therein after mentioned, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A'Petition of the Trustees appointed by Act of Parliament for amending and.widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of the Borough oi Pennyn, iii the said, County, and ulfo of tliCfe living near to the intended Turnpike Road to be carried from Truro to Pi nryn aforesaid; whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by an Act; made the last Session of Parliament, for amending and widening, several Roads leading from the said Borough of Truro, tjifc Road leading from thence to Penrynafore I aid is directed to be carried to

Calerdck Smelting House, and from thence to Higher tton; but that, upon reviewing the ;fold Road;.and mea-luring the Distance, it appears to the Petitioners, that the Read frorii Calenick Smelting Hople aforesaid,.over a Place called Lower Carnon, and from thence through a Village called Parranwell, and from thence to Cajfaw' S Water, is the directestand.shorteft Way by at lead; a. JVJilc to Penryn aforesaid; and further setting forth, that the said Act directs the amending and widening of the Road loading towards Hel/stone from the Top ot George's Hill, through the Village of over

Bridge, and from thence to T but that it appears to the Petitioners, by an Admeasuretnent; that, from Truro to Calerdck aforesaid, from thence over Lower Carnon, and from thence through the Village called Pet -

rmwell, there to branch eff from the Road leading to Penryn, through Perran Downs, and from thence to a Place called Pellene Cross, in the Parish of Perran, is not only the most direct and shorteft Cut from Truro to

Tretbeage Bridge aforesaid, but is capable of being made a much more useful and beneficial Road to the Public, the Declivities being less, and the Ground more even,..than that through winch the said Act directs the Road to be carried: And therefore praying, That Leave may, be given to bring in a Bill to impower the said Trustees to carry the Turnpike Road from Truro to aforesaid, over Lozver Carnon, and from thence, through the Village called Perranwell, to Water, and l'o on

to Penryn, as the said Act directs, and for branching off the Road leading towards He from the said Village of Panamas!!, and for carrying the same through Perran Dozens to Pellene Cross aforesaid, and from thence

to the said Tretheage Bridge, through the several Parishes of PerranarwothalL and 67 ithiens; and also for exempting the said Trustees from repairing and, widening the Road from the Top of St. George's Hill aforesaid, through

wetha/s and over Bijfo Bridge, as directed by the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-liderarion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

# And it is referred to Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Whichcot,

Mr. Morris, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mr* Powell, Mr. Hunt, Sir John Turner, Mr.. Mr.

Cocks, Mr. A my and, Mr. Mor daunt, Mr.r Mr. Prowse, Mr. RicharchiMr. Garth, Mr, Hamilton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Potter, Mr. Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Cope, Captain Dennis, Mr. Sloper, Mr.;

Mr. Mcdliatt, Mr. Gore, Sir Wm. Beauchamp

Sir John Cull, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Oughts, Mr. 7 'rift, Sir John Crofts, Mr. Foreman, Mr. Keck, Mr. Fhillipfon, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Mr, Hunter, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Buller, Mr. A, Mr, , Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bond, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Scott, Mr.

; Campbell, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Calvert, Captain Saunders,

4 S Mr.

Truro

Roads.

34* I?° — 18° Decembri's. 1755.

Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Nugent, Mr.; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Somerset, and DorsetAnd they are to meet -this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax. for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Servicfe of the Year 1716; and for the Relief of the Inhabitants of the City and County of the City of ih Respect of Arrears of

the Land Tax; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

St. Mary, Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee* to Newington whom the Bill for enlarging the Cemetery or Church-Church- Yard the Par'fh of Saint Mary, Newington' Butts, in yard. the County of Surrey, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read* for the House to Meani. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup-‘ ply granted to his Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Month* resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Gkelfea Hospital, for the Year 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House* That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

1 ' Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir William ProSlor have

Leave to make a Motion; it being Three of the Clock: And lie moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

Wapping A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. Streets. George, S . John Wopping, St. Paul the Ham-

let of Ratcliffe, and the Precinct of Well , in the County of Midd/ifex, whose Names are thereunto fiib-

Icished, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Places: ,

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging, That if Provision was made for maintaining an able and regular Watch, and for the better enlightening and cleansing the Streets, Passages, and other Places, and repairing the Highways in the said several Parishes, Hamlet, and Precinct, it would greatly tend to the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants thereof, and the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee': And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report tile lame, as it Hi all appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Beauchamp Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Jones, Mr. Dr ax, Sir John Crosse, Mr. mius, Mr. Bacon, Sir Win. Calvert, Colonel,

Lord Parker, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr*

Fonnereau, Lord Digby, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Robert Gro/venort Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Coventry, Lord Sir

James Creed, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Bowes, Sir John Turner, Mr. Fel/owes, Mr. Kynaston; Mr. Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Trifl, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Banker, Mr. Mr. Mr;

Delaval junior, Mr. Morton, Sir Edward Turner, Mr; Alderman Porter, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Thomas. Gcrci Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Richards, Mr. Mcdlicot, Marquis of Granby, Sir Henry Er/kMr. Cocks, Mr. J

Mr. Afflerk, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord Mr.

tun, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Thomas Townshend-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, MiddlefeXi and Kent: And they ate to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And havd Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jdvis, 18° die Deceinbris;

Anno 29" Georgii IP1 Regis, *755.

Pfc a t Eit s.

A PETITION of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Comnion-alty of the Chmpany of Conlervators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition of divers Owners and Occupiers of certain Fen Lands and low Grounds lying in the South Level Part of the said Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford and bounden by Mildenhall River on the South, Brandon River on the North* certain Highlands in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge, on the East, and the River Ouze on the West, for Leave to bring in a Bill for draining the said Lands; and setting forth, That many Hundred Acres of Adventure Land, lying within the District proposed to be drained by the said Bill, are become vested in the Petitioners, which at present yield little or no Profit; and alleging, that it will be greatly for the Advantage of the said Corporation, that such inverted Lands should be sold for the best Prices that can be got for the fame, subject to the Taxes payable by virtue of the Acts Of the 15th and 20th of King Charles the Second; and that it will be for the Benefit of the said Corporation, as well as of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands lying within the said District, that a Bill should pass for draining the fame: And therefote praying the House, that such Bill may. pals into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be impowered to fell all the Adventure Lands vested in them, Jying within the said District; and also to pay the Taxes*

which

BcdUtt

Lewd

Dnunag£

20 Geo. It i8° Deccmlris. 343

which shall be imposed by such Bill Upon the said inverted Lands, till the same shall be ibid.

Btdbrd A Petition of the Governor* Bailiffs* And Cortv*

L' vcl hiona'ty, of the Company of Cohfetvators of the Draina^. Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level,

was also presented tb the House, and read taking Notice of the Petition of several Owriers and Occupiers of Certain Fen Lands, or low Ground', lying in the South Level of the said Great Level of the Fens, and between

the Rivers of the Hundred Fool and the Ouze, and bounded on the SbUth by the Hard Lands of Wiitham,

Witchford, Ely, Downham, and Little port, and in a certain Fen called Grundy Fen, for Leave to bring in a Bill for draining the said Lands* And fcttingforth, thaI many Hundred Acres df Advent lire Land, lying within the District proposed to be drained by the said Bill, are become Verted in the Petitioners, which at present yield little or no Pro-, bt and that it being for the Advantage of the Corporation, that such inverted Lands should be fol'd, subject to the Taxes payable by virtue of the Acts of the 15th and feoth of King Charles the Second, the Petitioners have agreed with Matthew Rob inf on Morris Esquire, for Bale of Part of such inverted Lands, and with the Duke of Bedford, Sir Thomas Drury Baronet, Matthew IVtfdboYe, and Thomas tVaddingtoil, Esquires* for the Sale of such inverted Lands lying within the said District* subject to the Payment of the said 'I axes arid alleging, that it will be for the Benefit of the said Corporation; as well a9 of the Owriers and Occupiers of the Lands within the said District; that a Bill should pass for draining the fame; and that the Agreements rtlade by the Petitioners with the said Matthew Robinfou Morris, the Duke of Bedford, Sir Thomas Drury, Matthew Wildbore, and Thomas IVad-singlon, should be confirmed: And therefore praying. That such Bill may pals into a Law i and that the Petitioners may be impowered to fell, according to the Agreements niade by them as aforesaid; the inverted Lands lying within the said District.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Coiillderation of the Committee, to whom the Two Petitions, preferited to the House upon last, relating to the Lands lying in the respfedtive Districts mentioned in these Petitions, are referred 1 And that they do examine the Matters of theft Petitions; and report the lame, as they shall Appear to them, to the House.

Sterthnn’^, An ihgrofled Bill fob naturalizing Anthony "Henry Ste-kahii, Peter Olte, Godfrey Moiling, and vVaS read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Hpiry Peter

Olte, Godfrey Moiling, and Christian Meyer.

Ordered, That Mr. F do carry the Bill to the

Lords* and dCfirC their Concurrence.

Mr; Charlton, according to Order} repbrtfed from the Committee of thfe whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutlons, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House* which he read in his Place , and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read i and are as folfoweth

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cdmftiittee* That a Sum, nor exceeding Two hundred Nineteen thousand and Twenty-one Pounds Three Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to the Sea Officers, for the Year 1756.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for lick and Wounded Seamen* building at Hafler, near Gtfporf, for the Year 1756.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Stamen of the (kid Hospital, worn Vol: 47.

' ’ ' , . I

but and Become decrepit in the Sendee of their Country.

Resolved, That it is The Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-three thousand Nine hundred Fifty-five Pounds. Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence* be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hulpital, for the Year 1756.,

The said Refdlutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. John Martin repotted from the Committee, to Tewkefbwy whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freehold- Roarers, and others, whose Names are_ thereunto subscribed* residing in or near the several Towns of Cheltenham, and Pet bury\ in the County of Gloucester, and the several Parishes and Roads thereafter mentioned; and also the Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Parishes of Tewkesbury and Twbiing, in the County of Givucester, and of the Patish of Ripple, in the County of lVo'rcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them* to the House; and he read the Hepoit in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read and is as fd! loweih* viz-.

To prove the Allegations pF the said Petition?,

Mr. Nathanael Chandler* Thomas Kemble Esquire: said That the Roads leading from the Town of Tewkef bvdry, to Cofcomb Gate, and from IfabElm to the Top

of Gothcrington Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and froni Tewkesbury to aFarm-house called the Blue #<;//, and to the Direction Pofi in the Parirti of Ripple, where the upper and lower Roads from Tevukesbury to Worcefltr jpin, and to Simmbiis Ford Brook, And from fheedon to Echingtod Bridge, in the County of iVorctfler, and from TewkeJ'-. bury to Wainto'acts Bridge, and from Tewkesbury to and cross such Part of the upper Rbad from Tewkesbury to Cheltenhdm\ in the Middle of which Hands an Elm calipd Piffs Eltn, in the County of Glouceflcb, are, from the Nature of the Soil, become very ruinous, and Are,.in many Parts, very narrow and that the same cAtinot be effectually repaired by the Laws In being;

Mr. Kemble further said. That above Half a Mile of she laid Rbads, wz. from the Topof a Hill called the Mytke Hill, in the PariQi of Tewkesbury, to and through a Ground

by a House belbnging to Richard Jackfons Esquire, and through a Lahe ot Lanes to arid oVer Common, in the Parish of Twiningi is nbt, at all'1’imes of the

Year, a public Highway, but is only used as such in Time of Floods* but that the making the faine a public Highway at all Times of the Year for Cattle and Carriages* and repairing and widening the lame, would be of public Utility;

John Hughes Esquire, Mr. RichaVd Church Cud, That the other Roads, mentioned in the said Petition, are very fourieferous and narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in.being.

And Mr; Hughes said, That he has knowii Passengers frequently obliged to pay for going through private Grounds, to avoid Part of the said Roads, which, at some Times of the Year, are impartiable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iri a Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of Tewkejlury to Cofcomb Gate, and from If ah'el's Elm to the Top of Gotberington Hills in the County of Gloucester j and from Tczvkef bury to a Farm-house called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction Post in the Parish of Ripple, and to Simonds Ford Brook arid from Bteedon to Etkingtoti Bridge, in the County of Worcester-, and from Tewkesbury to IVainloads Bridge, and to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road from Tetbury to and from the Market House in Cheltenham* to the Ttirnplke Road from Bur ford to Gloucester, near a Ttee called Puefdorl Ash, in the said. County of Gloucester And that Mr. fehrt Martin, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, and Mf. Stfwyn, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A P*-'

4 i - V i . \

344 *8" Decembris. 1755.

Paddington A Petition of severalof the Inhabitants of the ParifVes

New Road. George Hanover Square, Paddington, St. Mary le

Bone, St. Giles in the Fields, St. George's St.

Andrews Holborne, and St. Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and of several of the Gentlemen, Farmers,

Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the said County* and of the Cities of London and Westminster, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the Iloufe, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall thinkfit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging, That the making of a new Road from Paddington to Islington, in the County of Middlesex, cross the several Northern Roads, will be of very great Ut ility and Benefit not only to the Petitioners, and the other Inhabitants of the Cities of London and and of the County of Middlesex, in particular, but likewise to the Public in general; and letting forth, that a new Road is intended to be made from the great Edgware Road in Paddington, through Bell Lane, to the North End of St. Mary le Bone, and from thence to Tottenham Court and Battle Bridge, in the Parish of St. Paucras, and from Battle

Bridgeto 1 iiugtdn; and also from the North End of Portland Street, adjoining to Queen Ann Street, near Cavendish

Square, cross the Farthing Pye House , in the Parish ' of St. Mary le Bone, to the said intended Road; but that a Work of this Nature cannot be carried into Execution, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying,

' That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for opening a new Road in manner aforesaid, or in such other manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr; Cooke, Sir Beauchamp ProElor, Sir ’John Cnft, Coionel Cornwallis, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Potter, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Frederick, Mr. West, Mr. Affleck, Mr. , Mr.

' hagh, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Onslow, Mr. More, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Moore, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Vyuer, Lord Barrington, Sir Francis Poole, Mn

Ellis, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Lock-yer, Mx.TovnJhend, Doctor Hay, Mr. Dimmer, Mr.

vert, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Dickinfoit, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Earle, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Campbell, Lord George Sackville, Mr. H, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Martin, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Banker, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlicott, Lord Robert Bertie,' Lord Pulteney, Mr. Richards, Mr. Forrester, Sir Henry Erjkiite, Mr.

they, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Mr. Hayes, Mr.,

Nugent, Mr. Charles Tow Mr. Mr. celles, Colonel Lejlie, Lord Downe, Mr. Bayntuti; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Fffex, Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, and York, and for the City of And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Redhuofe A Petition of the Gentrys Clergy, Merchants, Traders, near and Owners and Occupiers of i.and, in the West Riding County of York, and of the Trustees appointed to 0 ' put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the , 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the one of them intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from a Place called Redhouse, near Doncaster, to Wake-7 field, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by ' Deivsbury High Town and Light Cliff, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and the other intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from

*9

Wakefield to PossefracT, and from thence to a Place called Wetland, in the Township of IJenfall, and from t ’frail

to Went Bridge, in the Township of in the

West Riding of the County of York-, and of the several Creditors under the said Acts; was presented to the I Joule, and read; setting forth, That the Trustees respectively appointed to put the said several Acts in Execution, have borrowed divers considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit, of the Tolls thereby granted; and have applied the farne, together with the Money arising by the said Tolls, according to the Directions of the said Acts; notwithstanding which, many Parts of the said Roads are, in the/Winter SeaFon, in a bad Condition; and that such Parts, thereof as have been amended will, in a (hert time,

become ruinous again, if constant Care be not taken to keep the same in Repair; and alleging, that the Reparation of the said Roads cannot be completed, nor the Money borrowed and owing on the Credit of the said Act?, respectively, be repaid, without increasing the Toilsupon the said Roads, and enabling the Trustees to borrow further Sums of Money by more expeditious and caly Methods than are provided by the said former Acts, and without vesting in them, or other Trustees, (bine, further Powers; and that the repairing effectually, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, will be very u:cful and beneficial to Trade in general; and to the Landholders and Inhabitants of many Parts of the said West Hiding in particular: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bili for increasing the Tolls, and enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said several ACU, and for making the same more effectual for fmishing the Reparation of the said Roads, and keeping the same i:l, Repair hereafter, or for repealing the said Acts, and granting such new Tolls, Terms, and Powers, for completing &nd finishing the said Ro id'j and k eeping the same in Repair, and for enabling the Trustees, in such new Act to be named, to pay off the Debts contracted under the said former Acts, and to raiie Money ior the Purposes aforesaich and to enter into, and perform, such Contracts and Engagements as in fieri new Act shall be mentioned, and for tuch other Purposes, and in such Manner, and by such Meins, as to the House Hull leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: Ami that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir L Mr. Mr. Wilkinson, Sir William CodrinMr. Locke', Mr. Martin, Mr. Keck, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr . Selwyn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Campbell, Mr.' Mr. Nor they. Sir

John Cuff, Mr. Thornhugh, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Ator ton, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Nicho.son Mr. Digby, Mr. Trift, JVlr. Hamilton, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Stanhope, Lo.d Royjion, Mr.

hend, Lord Fane, Mr. Potter, Mr. Mr. Daw-

nay, Sir Robert, Hildyard, Mr. Affleck, , Mr.

Sir Wm.Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. r. Pelham,

Mr. Bidler, Mr. Charles Toimfioend, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Afore, Mr. Elliot, Lord North, Mr. Lee, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Colonel Haldane, Nix. Medlicott, Mr. Shelley, Doctor Hay, Mr. Ongley, ,iVIr. A my and, Mr. Moore:, Mr.

Drax, Mr, Grenville-, and all the Metphers. who serve for the Counties of York, Ifurham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wftmoreland, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Charpher: And have Power to fond for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. James Colebrooke, Mr. Robert Cole-brookt, Mr. George Colebrooke, Mr. be added to

the Committee, to whom tire Bill fpt making and widening a Road from, the EastSide of the Parish of Matthew, Bethnal Grefn, in t|re.County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, in the said Pfirish, and to open a, Way or Road into , and keeping the fame in Repair, is committed.

' Ordered;

Eethflii

Grerri

Read.

19 Geo. II. i8a — its-

rmv j Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do mske the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom BtiCiion, the Bill for punishing Mutiny ant! Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed.

The Lord Barrington accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill} and which hews directed to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tire Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amcni.lrner.ts were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

The cther Order of the Day being read; ifiliti* Refilled, That this House will, upon the

laws. arfl;. Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houses to consider of the Laws in being which relate to the Militia of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris* 190 Decembrist Anno 290 Georgii II" Regis, 1755. Prayers. 0

St M*rv \ ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Cemetery or Ntirington XX. Church-yard of the Parish of St. Mary Newington Bum, Butts, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

Chuith-yard. Refolded, That the Bilido pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Cemetery or Church-yard of the Parish of Saint Mary Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cocktrtnouth Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Vfr;t. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, in the room of f^yndham Obrien Esquire, who since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executiugthe Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

t An ingrofi'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for !*’" naturalizing John David , was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Sir WilCalvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Army . An ingrafted Bill forpunishir.g Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quar-a, d ters, was read the Third time.

Desertion. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for pur.ishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fiifu'gfioke A Bill for repairing and widening the High Roads from Koids. BajingsJoke, through Popham Lane, Cranhcrn Water, Sut-

ton Scoiney, and Stockbridge, and thd several Parishes of jHoughton, Broughton, Lower Wallop, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Corner, in the Parish ol in the County of

Wilis, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitts, Mr. Banker, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Harding;., Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Triji, Mr. Amy and, Mr; Daft on, Mr. VvL. 27.

-2 2° Decembrh. 3 4 is

Vr dvUli, Mr. Harris, Mr. Grenville, Mr. 'Tucker, Mr;

Cl lie Ion, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. E dgtumle, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Walpole, Sir John , M r. Elliot,

Sir John Cud, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Mr.

Martin, Mr. Foley, Lord Park, Mr. Formereatt, Mr. Pelham, Mr. 0Indus, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Mar-,

quis of Wine heller, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sloper, Sir Calvert, Sir Francis Daflrwood, Doctor , Mr.

Mr. Wide hoot, Mr. Walter, Mr. Hunter, Colonel cfltveu, Mr. Fane, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. 0 Prowse, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Gore, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr. Torke,

Mr. Wynne, Mr. Powell, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Aid-worth, Mr. Potter, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. DMr. Hayesr Mr.

Crafier, Mr. Powney, Mr. CoMr. Lewis, Ml.

Ofwatd-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Berks, Wills, , and Somerset:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And theh the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunas, 2 2* die Decembrh \

Anno 29° Georgii II" Regis, 1755-

Pr AYERS.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to nuke out a new Writ for Writ? the Electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Higham Ferrers, in the County of Northampton, in the room of the honourable John Yorke Esquire, who, llnce his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office called the Office of the Execution of the Laws and Statutes concerning Bankrupts.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant td jjew the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Romney the Eleding of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament ^rit-for the Port of New Romney, in the County of Kent, in the room of Henry Furnefe Esquire, who; since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to seafotj the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Suf-sex, in the room of the right honourable William Hall Lord V"ilccur.t Gage in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election far the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster of divers annual Bounties and Pensions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ncheft« the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ. Eleding of a Burg, fs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough o illchester, in the Counry of Somerset, in the room of the honourable John Talbot Esquire, who, since his Election fqr the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Sir William Beauchamp ProCior reported from the Com- Bethnal mittee, to whom the Bill for making and widening a Road Green from the East Side of the Parish of St. Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a Way or Road into Shoreditch, and keeping the same in Repair, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

4 T that

Warwick

*ro>’£(l

Writ.

Norwich

Writ.

W<Wstock

Writ.

Person

Wut.

t)nn\vich

Yv'iit.

Charing

Crofc*

Improve-

cru.

3 4 6 12° Decetnbris. 1755.

that the Committee hac! gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amcnd-nients were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, witti several Amendnaents to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofled.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iflfue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this pielent Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of in the room of the right honourable Earl of Hil/f-borough, in the Kingdom of I, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of the Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citiz.en to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwich, in the room of the right honourable John Hobart Esquire, commonly called Lord Hobart, who since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of his Majesty’s Hous-hold.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eiedting of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Wuodjlo in the County of Oxford, in the room of the right honourable John Lord Viscount Bateman, in the Kingdom of who, since

his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office ot Lord High Admiral of Great

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eteding of a Burgess tofeive in this present Parliament for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of wall, in the room of the honourable Richard Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dwnvich, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Soame Jeny Esquke, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read j alleging, That the Street leading from Charing CroJ's to Westminster Bridge, the Two Houses of Parliament, and the Courts of Justice, is much too narrow to receive the great Conflux of Coaches, and other Carriages, meeting the re in their Passage from the upper Part ofrhe Liberty of Westminster, and the City of London, especially in Term Time, during the Sessions of Parliament, and on other public Occasionsj. whertby frequent Obstructions, Accidents, and Damages, have happened: And therefore prayi»g. That Leave may be given to bring in a 13,11 to revive and enlarge the Powers formerly granted to the Commissioners of Westminsterto enable them to

purchulc Houses and Grounds ior the widening, and making more isle and commodious, the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading to and from the at ore laid Places, within such Bounds and Limits as shall be p; derided by the House, or to give luci) other Relief in the Premisesas to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Mattel of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir John Crosse, Colonel vea!Us, Sir John Rujhont, Mr. Mr. Chancellor

of the Exchequer, Mr. Cooke, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Henry Erfkint, Mr. Webb, Mr. Mr. Alderman

Bedford, Mr. Gore, Mr. West, Mr. Fonttereau, Lord George Sackvil/e, Mr. Banket, Mr. Mr. Did’",

Mr. Trwnjhend, Mr. More,' Mr. Stoper, Mr. Char, con, Mr. Nor!hey, Mr. Mediicott, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bayntun. Lord Shelburne, Mr. Colebruuke, Mr. B nd, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cocks, Sir Matthew Lam be, Mr. Alderman'

Baker, Mr. Montagu, Mr. GajhMr. Mr. lyneux. Sir John Cujl, Sir William Mr.. Jones,

Mr. A fleck, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Stanley,. Sir Richard Grof-venor, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Sir Francis Fade,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. frijl, Mr. Shelley, Mr.

Mr. Porter, Mr. Willes, Mr. Mr. Vaughan,

Air. Stott, Mr. Mackenzie, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Lord Egmont, Mr Potter;and all the Members who lerve for the City of London, and Counties ot ex, Kent,

Surrey, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock!, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And Rave Power to lend for Pei ions, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Beauchamp ProJfor reported front the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint George, St. John St. Paul

Shadwe'l,the Hamict of Ratc/ijfe, and the Preyinet of Well Cloje, in the County of Middlesex, whole Names

are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Places, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered ir in at the Clerk’s Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followerh; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert Pell Esquire was examined, and laid. That he knows the Pari (lies of St. George, St. John St.

Paul Shad well, the Hamlet of Ratclife, and the Precinct of Well Close; and that they are become very populous, and Places of great Trade, Commerce, and Resort:

That if Provision was made lor maintaining an aide and regular Watch, amf enlightening and deluding the Streets, and repairing the Highways, it would he ol great Benefit to the Inhabitants thereof, and to the Public: That he hasKeafon to believe that the Monies collected for the Repair of the Highways have been misapplied, and that the Highways are in a very bad Concbtion: That there are not Ten Watchmen from Clef: Square to R.atclife Cross; and that there is no public

Watch at ail in the Royalty of Well Close, but that there is a private one maintained by Subscription:

And that there has been a great many Robberies and Burglaries committed; and that in the public Street leading from EajtSmithfield to Ratclife Highway, a Murder

was some time since. committed before Eleven of the Clock a Night.

John ShakejpearYLfcgfirz, being examined, Cud, That he is frequently under a Necessity of passing from the City through the Wholeof the Places mentioned in the Petition, to his own I-Hufe, in the Night-rime, and that he has fridom seen any Watchman in those Places: That tht.e is a Sort of Watch in the Hamlet of Rat (life,

where

Street*.

GWefter

Writ.

7nri(toftk

Writ.

Shoreditch

Lighting,

&c.

Pedcrffn's Nat.

Manors

Name.

*J Bed lord

r , Level

Draiiiiiuc.

fj!

i I.

if

2) Geo. II. 2 2° Decembrisi 34

where only Two Men are employed; and that there Could not be lets than Six Watchmen in the Hamlet of cliff e, but thinks more would be necelfury.

And he further said, That there is neither Watch nor Lamp ail through the Parish of oniv Two or

Three at Gentlemen’s Houses, but no public Lamps at all; but that the main Street in Ratcliffe is tolerably well lighted, but ho other Watch than what has been before, mentioned; and that the enlightening the Streets, maintaining a regular Watch, and repairing the Highways,

would be greatly for the Benefit of the Public; and that he imagines the Whole, if properly conduced, might be done at the pretent Rates.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and better enlightening and cleaning the Streets, and other Places and Passage.% and repairing the Highways, within the Paddies ©t St. George, St. John Wapping, Saint Raul and the Hamlet of Ratc/ffe, in the County of and the Prccinfl of (Veil Close, in the Royalty of the of London: And that Sir Willia Beauchamp Pro ft or and Mr. Cooke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament far the City of Glourcjler, in the room of George Sehtyn Esquire; who, finCe his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster of his Majesty's Board of Works.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eletfting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, in

the room of Richard Rigby Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr. IPolford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending Two Atfts of Parliament, One made in the i ith Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Heath, over

Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, and the other made in the 26th Year of his Majesty’s lteign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act; and for empowering the Trull ces to erect and maintain Lamps, and keep a Guard, upon the said Roads in the Night-time; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jens Pedcrfcn, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a- Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Mynors Esquire, and his First and other

Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Gouge, in pursuance of the Will of Nicholas Gauge, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of tins House

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Rrfton reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of divers Owners and Occupiers of certain Fen Lands and low Grounds lying in the South Level Part of the Great Level of the Fens called ft.rd Level, and are bounden by River on the

South, Brandon River on the North, certain Highlands in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge, on the Fall, and the River Ouze on the West; and also the Petition of fever a! Owners and Occupiers of certain Fen

Vol. 27,

Lands or Low Crotinds tying in the South Level of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford and between the Rivers of the Hundred Foot and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the said Lands of Wit chant,

Witchfvrd, Ely, Down ham, and Lit Report, and in a certaia Fen called Grutity Fen;and also the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Con-fervators of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level; and also another Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Levelof the Fens commonly called Bedford Level; were (everally referred, That the Committee

had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had-directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first and fetond-mentioned Petitions,

The reverend Mr. Neale said. That the Lands comprised in the said Petitions amount to upwards of 40,000 Acres, the greatest Part of which is overflowed with Water, and in the Summer Season great Part of the said Lands are drowned; and that the whole Lands at present are of very little Benefit to the Proprietors:

That he apprehends they are capable of being drained and thereby greatly improved; but that the necessary Works for draining the fame, and for the Preservation of the said Lands when drained, cannot be carried into Execution without the Assistance of Parliament.

Henry Morley Esquire confirmed Mr. Neale's Evidence; and added, That several Persons, experienced in Works of Draining, have given it as their Opinion, that the said Lands are capable of being drained.

In relation to the Two last mentioned Petitions,

Mr. Benjamin Woodward, Registerto the said Corporation, laid before your Committee a Schedule of Lands vested in the said Corporation, lying within the aforesaid Ddtricts proposed to be drained; and by the said Schedule it appeared, that the Wholeof the said invested Lands amount to 9,405 Acres, and the Produce thereof for the Year 1754 amounted only to the Sum of £. 24. 4J.; and he (did, that it would be for the Benefit of the said Corporation, if the said invested Lands were fold.

And he also produced Articles of Agreement, dated 2:d of May 1755, by which it appeared, that the Corporation had agreed with Matthew Robinf Esquire,

for the Sale of Part of the said invested Lands lying within the said Great Level, between the Rivers of the Hundred Foot and the Ouze.

And by an Entry in the Corporation Book of Order, it appeared, that at a Court held at the Fen Office the xi th Day of this Instant December, the said Court did resolve to accept the Proposals of the Duke of Bedford, and others, for the Purchase of the Rifidue of the said invested Lands lying within the said Distrust.

And several Members present informed your Committee, That moil of the said invested Lands intended to be sold are at present overflowed with Water, and are of little or no Value.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for drainingand preservingeertain Fen Landsand low Grounds lying in the South Level Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, and bounded by Mildenhall River on the South, Brandon River on the North, certain Highlands in the Counties of,

Suffolk, and Cambridge, on the East, and the River Ouze on the West.; and for empowering the Governor, Bailifft, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conlervators of the said Great Level to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, and commonly called Invested Lands: And that the Lord Ruyfton, Mr. Sandys, and the Marquis of Granby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the

Haidhnds

Army; Mutiny aid Defer; ion.

St. Mary, Kewington

348 12° — 2 30 Decenibris. — j 30 1755.

Hardlahds of Mepc.l, Wit chant, Wentworth, Witchfjrd, Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with lire House, went up

Ely, Downturn, and LiUleport, and also in a certain to attend his Majesty.

Fen called Grimly Fen-, and for Empowering the Gover- And, being returned;

lior. Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Con- Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended

lervators of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called his lYIajettv, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Li* was pleated to give the Koval Assent to the several public nuts aforesaid. and commonly called Invefed Lands t And and private Bills following; viz.

that the Lord Roy/', on, Mr. Sandy s, and the Marquis of An Act for granting an Aftl to his Majesty by a Land

Granby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the

Year 1756; and for the Relief of the Inhabitants of the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow City and County of the City of in respect of Ar*,

Morning, Nine of the Clock. rears of the Land Tax:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the x ith Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge

At.rot. . /.r c , t , ., ... , over to the Turnpike -at Mile End,

ju^utfVr0in Lords, by Mr. Wap e the County and the other made in the

and Mr tiolford: a6th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the

Term and Powers granted by the said former Act; and for impowering the Trustees to cred and maintain Lamps, and keep a Guard, upon the said Roads in the Nighttime.

, An Act for enlarging the Cemetery or Church-yard

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An in the Pari (lx of Saint Mary, Newington Butts, in the Coun.-for enlarging the Cemetery or Church Yard ot Sant

An Act for naturalizing John David Patio:

Royal Afcr.t to liilis,

Martis, 2 30 die Decembris \

Anno 29® Georgii II"1 Regis, 1755.

PBAYBRS.

M E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lord* have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better . Payment of the Army, and their Quarter?, without any Amendment: And also,

Woollaflon’j

dilates.

Church ward Mary, Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, without

c y* any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 27th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for . veiling certain EstatesofSir

Baronet, an Infant, situate in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, toraile Money for Payment of his Sifters Portions; and for other Purpol'es therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence Of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Weymouth

Writ.

Ditto.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to . the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new it for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weymouth, and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of the right honourable George Dodington Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of I Try mouth and Melcombe the County of Dorset, in the room of Ellis Esquire;

who, flnee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

WooIIaftoa’s

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 27th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates of Sir Lawrence

lafion Baronet, an Infant, situate in the ljle of Ely and , Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, , and

Jotk, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, to raile Money for Payment of his Sifters Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time, v if jived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

_ A M-'flksre from his Majesty, by tlje honourable Sir Leary sMeude:, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

I n e King commands this honourable House to attend M aaefty, immediately, in the House of Peers:

36

An Act for naturalizing Jens

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bdl to enable the Trustees for repairing Old Street Road, to repair, widen, and make a Road, from the Sign of the Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through Street, to

the Ditch Side next the EastSide of Holy and

through a certain G'roui.d to the Sign of the London Ap~ prentice, in the Pariflrs of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of or to lay open,

repair, and widen, a Road from the said Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into the Old Street Road, in the said Coun-

ty: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Three-Weeks, the Thirteenth Day of January next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Martts, 130 di Januarii; Anno 29" Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That one of the Sheriffs of the City of Lon attended at the Door; He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was brought up.

And several Members, returned upon new Writs, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made lor those Purposes;

The laid Petition was read; alleging. That there being but One Passage into the City of London, over the River Thames, the opening of another Communication between the said City and the Counties on the North and South Sides thereof, by a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Fleet Ditch, to the opposite Shore, would not only tend the better to enable the said City to bear their Quota of the Land Tax, which is near a Sixteenth Part of the Sum charged upon (lie whole united Kingdom, and now. by the great fall of Rents, and Number of empty House,

Windmill

Will Road.

Blackfiitfl

fcnttee.

Mf.pSrn take Oi hi

BbckfihrJ

iNadbfrhrri

Btufgc*

Dr. Young to preach °n 3^th Jjh.

29 G£g. II. 13*

become extremely burthensome, but would dlfo prove of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a bill for building! Bridge over the said River, at or near Fleet Ditch aforesaid, to the opposite Shore, or from such other Place within the said City as the House shall think moll proper and convenient for that Purpose,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their ^Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir 1R , Mr. Alderman DickinJ'cn, Lord Strange, Mr. Sir

Calvert, Mr. Fe/lowes, Mr. Alderman , Mr.

tvright.Sir Samuel Fiudyer, Mr. , Mr. Alderman Porter, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lane, Mr. Whichccl,

Sir Jo/ut Cujl, Mr. Gore, Colonel Mr. Webb,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Chauncy To Mr. Mr.

Troltyn, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. wyud, Mr. Colleton, Mr. KynajloMr. Bold, Mr. Drake, Mr. Ojzvald, Mr. Vyner, Sir John Mordaunt. Lord Carpenter, Mr. Buller, Mr. Moore, Mr. Cocks, Mr. More-ton, Mr. Ong/ey, Mr. Trift, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Barbor, Lord Hilljlorougk, Mr.

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Henry Erfttine, Lord Egmont, Mr. Mr. Talbot;

and all the Members who lerve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Essex,

find Hertford, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fiveot the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Tradesmen, Citizens, and Inhabitants of the City o.f London, and Borough of Southwark, and of the several Counties of Surrey, Kent, and SuJJlx, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the PalBge over London Bridge, by means of the present Buildings landing thereon, is very narrow, inconvenient, and dangerous; and that the Foundation of the said Bridge has been lound, on Examination, to be strong and substantial, and capable of such Improvements as may make the Passageover it leis dangerous; and that by the Removal of the Houses, and other Obstructions thereon, the Passage of the said Bridge would be rendered as safe and commodious as that over Westminster Bridge; and that the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, who are Trustees for keeping the Lid Bridge in Repair, and receive the Rents and Profits of the HuulVs Handing thereon, are, as the Petitioners are informed and believe, willing and delirous to come into any Measures for improving, widening, and enlarging the lame, in such manner as shall seem moll agreeable to tire House; but that they are not able of themselves to complete so good and necessary a Work: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, to improve, widen, and enlarge the said Bridge, and to raise Money for doing the same by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House Aral I seem most meet and agreeable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council all'embled, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and re-

Jort the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the souse.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That the reverend Doctor Philip Ca-

rton Residentiary of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London, be defined to preach before this House at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon Friday the 30th Day of this V OL. 27.

instant January: And that the Lord Duppiia and Mr.

George Onftow do acquaint him therewith.

The House being informed, That Mr. Ross, from the Account Commissioners and Trustees for improving Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland, attended at the Dcbr; Trade.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for, improving Fisheries and Manufactures irt that Part of Great Britain called Slot land, to 7\vo Otders of the House, of the 20th Day of November last, for laying before the House on Account of the Linens stamped for $ale in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1727 to Christmas 1754; and also a State of the Condition and Progress of the Linen Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the ill of November 1730 to the ill of November 1755, together with their Opinion, whether any, and what, Regulations are necessary for the Improvement of the said Manufacture.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said Report,’ was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Menibers of the House.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the reverend fcioCtor Canon tr. Temclt

Residentiary of the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, L011-don, be desired to preach before this House at St. Mcrga- Dav. rel's, Westminster, upon Friday the 6th Day of February next, being the Day appointed by his Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Fall: And that the Lord Dupplin and Sir John Philipps, do acquainc him therewith.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Deficiency of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the 6th of Queen and the 6th of King George the First, to futisfy all Annuities charged thereupon to the 5 th Day of January 1756.

Account of Half Subtf-die*.

A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Derby, holders, and Inhabitants of the Counties of Derby and &cv

York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre- K-0a " lented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Road leading from a certain Place near the North End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, called the White Stoop, through the Towns of and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York; and likewise the said Road leading from the said White Stoop, through Duffield, to the Moot Hall, in the Town of in

the County of Derby, is become deep and ruinous, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectually repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House Hull teem meet; and that the Tolls to be collected between the said White Stoop, and the said Town of upon the said Road, be applied to and for the Repair of the said Road betwixt the White Stoopssnd Duffleld aforefcvli and the other Charges and Expences attending the fame, and the Overplus thereof (if any), from time to time to be paid and applied to and for the Use of the said respective Roads leading from Duffleld aforesaid to Sheffield and Wirksworth respectively, in such Proportion and Manner as the Commissioners authorized and appointed by the said Bill shall direct and appoint.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Sir

Yonge, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Walpol, Sir William Caivert,

4 U Lord

Wooron

Hoad.

350

Lord Miiton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lord Dupphn,

Lord Barrington, Mr. IVcji, Mr. My ddel ton, Lord John

Cavendish, Lord Hobart, Mr. Torke, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Dutfe, Mr. Tris, Mr. Monson, Mr. Mr.

dene/l, Sir John Ciijl, Lord Strange, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Obrien, Sir Henry Erjkhte, Mr. Mr. Gore, Doctor

Jliv, Lord Pu/teiiey, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Moore, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Ly/ier, Mr. Campbell, Mr. More, Mr. O'rifcy, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. S/oper, Mr. Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Me uiicoty Mr. Ba:i!:cs% Mr. Nugent > Mr. Bond\ Mr. Bdchier, Mr. Sclivyn, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Fanner eau; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, York, Chester, Lane after, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, refilling. in or near the City of Gloucester, and the several Market Towns, Parishes, and Places, in the County of Gloucester, lying near, or ad joining to, the Roads thereinafter-mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from a certain House or Place commonly called or known by the Name or Sign of the Fleece, situate at Wootton, near the ,said City, but in the County of Gloucester, in and through the several Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets of Wootton, Longford, Elbridge, Churchdowne, Staverton, alias Starton, Hey don. Bod ding ton, Ehnflone, Hardwicke, and Swindon, to the Market Town of Cheltenham, and in and through the Parish and Town of Cheltenham aforesaid, through a Lane called St. Legers Lane, and through a Lane called Harp Lane, in the said Parish of Cheltenham, and through the Parish of Charlton Kings, up Northfield Hill, to the Parish of Whittington, in the said County, is become so deep and ruinous, that, during the Winter and rainy Seasons of the Year, the greatest Part of the said Road is almost impalfable for Wheel Carriages, and also very dangerous for Travellers, and for Horses laden; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended by the ordinary CourseofLaw: And alleging. That the Bill which is ordered to be broughtinfor repairing and widcning(amongst other Roads therein named) the several Roads leading from the Market Town of Tezckesbury, in the said County, to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road from Yet bury to Cirencrjicr, and from the Market House in Cheltenham, to the Turnpike Road from Burford to Gloucester> near a Tree called Puefdons Asht in the said County, which said Roads include tome Part of the Roads mentioned, in the said Petition, to be leading ffom Wootton, to the Market Town of Cheltenham, and from thence to the Parish of Whittington aforesaid, will, should it pals into a Law, be highly detrimental to the Petitioners, in calc that Part of the Road before mentioned to be leading from Wootton to the Market Town of Cheltenham, and from thence to the Parish of Whittington aforesaid, which is now omitted in the said Bill, be not included therein: And therefore praying, That the said Road before mentioned may be added to the said Bill, and that Leave may be given to insert a Clause or Clauses therein for repairing and widening the said Road, and for granting suchTolls, Powers, and Provisions for that Purpose, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Selwyn, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Barrov>, Mr. Scot, Mr. Iinmidon, Mr. Morton, Sir John Cv.fi, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Fellow'cs, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Colleton, Lord Pulteney, Mr. He r dirge, Sir William Codrington, Mr. More, Mr. Monson, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Prod or.

1756.

Mr. Kynaston , Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cooke, Mr. GybIon, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Vyner, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Page, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Gajhry, Doctor Hay, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ongley, Mu Charlton, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. pent on, Mr. Drake, Sir Henry EryJ.ne, Mr. Henley, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Htd-zvort/i, Mr. Brndeneil, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr.

Fane, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Povihey, Lord , Colonel

Cornwallis, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr.

Jones, Mr. West-, And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wore eft er, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Fowef to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the City of Gloucester, and of divers other Persons living in and near the said City, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Petition which has been presented to the House by some of the Inhabitants of Cheltenham, and Tetbury, for an Act for repairing the Road from Tewkesbury, to Cheltenham, and from thence through several Bye Roads across the Country into the great Road from London to Te, at a Place called the Three Mile Stone, intending to make a Turnpike Road that Way from Tewkesbury to Tetbury, Bath, and:

And alleging, That the ancient, direct, and nearest Way, from Tewkesbury, /Vorceft er, Cand all those North-

ern Parts of the Kingdom, and for Travellers from land, to Tetbury, Bath, and Briflis through the Ci v f Gloucester-, and that the Roads from t<

cejier, and from Gloucester to Tetbury, , and Brijio), re ancient public Loads; and that the Roads from ter to Tetbury, Bath, and Bristol, areTurnpike Roads; and

that from Tewkesbury to Gltucester, and from Tewkesbury Cheltenham, for Fourmeafurcd Miles the Road is the fame; and if the Road from Tewkesbury to Cheltenham be repaired, it will be but Six measured Miles to make good the Road from Tewkefuuryto Gloucester; and then there will be Turnpike Roads from Tewkesbury, and all the Northern Putts, through Gloucester, the direct: and nearest Way to Bath, and Bristol;whereas the intended-new Road from

Tewkesbury to Tetbury, Bath, and Bristol, will be several M iles about, is for the moil Part through Bye Ways across the Country, and in several Parts too narrow for a public Road; and that Gloucester, Tewkesbury, and are situated in a triangular Manner, and the Entrances into.. Tewkesbury, from Gloucester, and Cheltenham, and into Cheltenham, from Gloucester, and ,are by the fame Ways, so that Travellers from Gloucester to buryand Cheltenham, are obliged to pay at the Turnpikes that shall be set up at each of thpfe Towns, though they will receive but little Benefit by Repair of the Road from Gloucester to Tewkesbury, and none at all in the Road from Gloucester to Cheltenham, unless those Roads are included in the intended Act; and that the Roads from Gloucester to Tewkfbeuryand Cheltenham, are so bad, that Carriages

can never in the Winter, and but seldom in the Summer, pass through them; and several Parts of the Road from Gloucester to Tewkesbury are frequently under Water io deep, that Carriages, or Travellers on Horseback, cannot pals through them; and that it will be therefore necessary to widen some Causeways that have been set up in fbme Parts of that Road, and to alter it in another Part, and to purchase some Land for those Purposes, to enable Travellers and Carriages to pass clear of the Waters; which, cannot be done, nor can the said Roads be put or kept in Repair, by the Laws now in Force: And therefore praying, That the Roads trom Gloucester to Tewkesbury, and from Gloucester to Cheltenham, may be taken into, and directed to be widened, altered, and repaired, by the intended Act; and that proportionable Parts of the Tolls to be taken at the Turnpikes 10 be set up at Tewkesbury and Cheltenham may be directed to be applied in the Repairs of those Roads, in l'uch manner as to tha House . shall seem meet.

And

130 Janu

V/octroti

JKoad.

M?rrSm talc Oaths,

Written

Iload.

Recruiting the * Land Foices.

Woollaston's

Fftaies.

Windmill

Hi!!

Roul.

29 Geo. If. 130 Jann 35*

ts

And federal Members, returned upon new Writs, having taken Ihe Oaihs, and made and subscribed the Deck-radon, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Liws made for those Furpotes;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ct the Committee, to whom the Petition efthe several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, rending in or near the City of G km refer, and the leve-ral Market Towns, Parishes, and Places, in the County of Gloueejfer, lying near, or adjoining to, the Roads therein after-mentioned, whole Names arc thereunto lub-ferihed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Lord Barrington protected to the House, according to Order, a Bid for the speFdy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the (aiu Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 27th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting cerrain Estates of Sir Isaac Lawrence Woollaston Baronet, an infant, situate in the Isle of Ely and Counties or Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, to raise Money for Payment of his Sifters Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

'Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Whickcot, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Vyner, Mr: Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gore, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Moore, Mr. Frijl, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Tuwuff head. Lord Dupplin, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Herbert, Mr. B etc hier, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. More, Colonel Whit more, Doctor Hay, Mr. Crozeie, Mr. Dawkins, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProStor, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Jalines Beckford, Mr. Felton Hervey, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Banczv, Mr. Ovgley, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Prcnvfe, M'\ Pitt, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Del aval. Lord Dozvne, Lord Strange, Mr. Walter, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Duffe, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Myd-delton\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they aie to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

A Bill to enable the Trustees for repairing Old Street Road to repair, widen, and make a Road, from the Sign of the Bed Lion, on Windmill Hill, through. Worship Street, to the Ditch Side next the East Side of Holy Well Mount, and through a certain Ground to the Sign of the London Apprentice, in the Pari fit es of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Mi dalefex; or to lay open, repair, and widen, a Road from the said Red Lion, through the Deg Bar, into the Old Street Road, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Hardin*e. Sir James Creed, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Henry Erjhine, Mr. Ahleunan Baker, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proa or, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Sloper, Mr. jDelaval, Mr. Sargent, 'Six. Bold, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ward, Mr. Banket, Mr. Fonerean, Mr. Bond, Mr. Bel elder, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. FozvnJhend, Mr. Off weld, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Dicker, Sir John Philipps, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Digby, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Crozv/e, Mr. Grenville, Mr Culvert, Lord Dupplin, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Jatr.ts Colebrooke, Mr. George CcL'brccke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Harvey, Slr. Lyfier, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Morton, Mr. Jones, Mr. West, Sir John Crcfe, Coionel Cornwallis, Mr. Barrow, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Colleton, Sir Samuel Flu dyer, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Dawkins, Mr.

Vol. 27.

Charles Fovonjhend, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bateman, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Amy and, Mr. John Delaval; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Fffex, Norfolk; Suffolk* and Cambridge, and for the City of London t And they are to meet tms Afternoon at Five of the Clock} in the Spea* ker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Alwill Lake Baronet, Bibye Lake Esquire, and John Wilton, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill depending in the House to enable the Trustees for repairing Old Street Road, to repair, widen, and make, a Road, front the Sign of the Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through Worship Street, to the Ditch Side next the East Side of Holy Well Mount, and through a certain Ground to the Sign of the London Apprentice, in the Parishes of St. Luke and St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; or to lay open, repair, and widen, a Road from the said Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into the Old Street Road, in the said County: And alleging, That the Road leading from the Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, is a private Way, and the Soil and Ground whereon the same is made is Part of the Prebend of Finsbury and Holy Well, in the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London; a former Prebendary whereof, in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, demised the same amongst other Lands, for a long Term of Years (many of which are yet to come), to the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, who, by Lease bearing Date the 6th Day of July 1705, demised the same (among other Things) to one William Jennens, fora Term of Fifty-two Years, from Chrifmas 1712, at the yearly Rent ot£. no; and that the Petitioners Sir Atwill Lake&nd bibye Lake, by virtue of mesne Alignments, are become intitled thereto for the Remainder of the said Term;and that the said private Way being kept in very good Repair at the Expence of the Petitioner John Witton, their Lessee, a 1 mall pecuniary Satisfaction is taken by him for Horses, Carts, and Carriages, parting that Way at tLie Dog House Bar at the End thereof, leading into Old Street aforesaid; and that there are already Two other Roads maintained and kept in good Repair at the Expence of the Parishes in which the same lie, through which, Horses, Carts, and Carriages, conveniently mis from the Center of the City of London, through Moor-gate, into the Old Street, Ntiv Market, and great Northern Roads; and that if the Trustees of the said Turnpike should be enabled to lay open and widen the kid Road leading from the Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, it will greatly a fie ft the Property of the Petitioners, who have been at great Expence in repairing the said Road, and have paid large Sums of Money as a Consideration for the fame: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may be at Liberty to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Part thereof as affects the Interest of the Petitioners, and that they may be relieved in the Premises in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or their Co unfel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same rime, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Bafvigstoke, ihrough Andover, to Lobcomb Corner, and other Persons rftiding near the said Road, was presented to the House, and "read; setting forth. That the Road leading from a certain Place called the Spittle House, in the Parish of Andover, in the County of Southampton, over Wey Hill, to a Place called Mullen's Pond, in the Parish of Amport, in the County of Southampton aforesaid, branches

from

Windmill

Hill

Road.

3 ifinp floks Road*.

Hint!mi Wri:.

A f* lean

352 13* — 14* januarii. . ^.1756.

from the said Road from Ba through to Loocomb Corner, at the said Spittle and is in a

very ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and alleging, that, if Provision w as made for effectually repairing and widening the said Road, it would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants in that Part of the Country; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, by taking in the said Pvoad, it may be necessary to amend and alter the said 1 former Act, with respect to the Appropriation of the Monies arising by virtue thereof: And therefore praying, That, in the Bill, new depending in the House, for repairing the Road from Baftngstokthrough , to

Lobcomb Corner, Provision may be made for im powering the Trustees lor executing the said Act for repairing the Read from Baftngstoke, through to Lobcomb Cor-

ner, effectually to repair and widen the said Road from the said Spittle House to MullenPond aforesaid; and for altering and amending the said Act, with respect to the Appropriation of the Monies raised thereby; or that such other Provision may be made for that Purpose as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Francis Blake Mr.

Dawkins, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Jones, Sir John Sir IVm, Beauchamp ProSlmr, Mr. Stanley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bold, Mr. Ajflcck, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Fellovses, Mr. Mr- Belchier, Mr. Bond, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. 7'rift, Mr.

Onslow, Mr. West, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Hun-

ter, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gore, Mr. 1‘a/bot, Mr. More, Lord Gape, Mr. Neivnham, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Leivis, Mr. John Delaval, Lord Mr. Amy and,

Mr. Fowijhend, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Baroor, Mr. Bridgman, Mr.

Mr. Phi/lipps, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Gibbous, Mr. Cocks, Mr.; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, Dorset, Middlesex, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the F.lesting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Biffe Richards Esquire, deceased.

I And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow \ Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 14.0 die Januarii;

S Anno 29* Georgii IP* Regis, 1756,

Pra T E-RS.

rT', HE House being informed. That Mr. Poirier, -A. from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, piuluant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, aPap-.r, intituled, "Anno 1754 — The Account " of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; di Hi ngui thing each Particular."

And then he withdrew.

And die Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be petuied by the Members of the House.

The laid Accch nt is preserved amongst. the other Papers ol this Oftiion.

A Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Wilts, and also of several Gentlemen*, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants; of the said County, living in or near the Roads and Highways therein after--mentioned and described, whoseNames ate thereunto lub-feribed, was presented to the House; and read; letting forth; That by an Act, made in the 5 th Year of Anne, for repairing the Highways between Shepherds Sherd and the Devizes, and between the 1’of of Ashimgton /////and Roved Ford, in the said County, several Powers were granted to the Ju(Vices of the Peace for the said County for repairing the said Highways; which Powers, by Two other Acts, one made in the nth Year of his late Majesty King George the Fir 11, and the other made in the 18th Year of his present Majesty, were further continued and enlarged; and that great Progress has been made in repairing and widening the said Roads; but that the same cannot be repaired, widened, and kept amended, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Powers and Terms granted and continued by the said Acts be further continued and enlarged; and the said Acts made more effectual; and further letting forth, that the Road leading from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone in the Parish of in the County of Wilts, adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said former Acts, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very incommodious and narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts, and for making the said Acts more effectual; and also for repairing and widening the said Road leading from Red Hone to Stert aforesaid, or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Garth, Mr. Willey, Mr. Ga/hry, Sir James Creed, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Sir George Tonge, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Onjloiv, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Gyb-bon. Sir John Philipps, Mr. D Mr. More, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Cope, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Moore, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Sergifon, Sir William Moreton, Mr. , Mr. West, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thift/ethwayte, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Hammond, Sir William Codring ton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Leflic, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lqfcelles, Mr. Selwyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerfd, Devon, Dorset, Cornwall, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, living in and near the Road leading from,

in the County of Gloucester, to Malford Bridge

in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from a Place called Mead Brook, through the Farishes of Pucklechurch, Dirham, Hinton, Tcrmarton, West Knighton, and Netllclon, to or near a Place called the Salutation in the Parish of Castlecomb, in the County of and from

thence through the Parishes of Grittleton, Stanton, St. Quin/in, Draycott, Cerne, and Sutton Berger, to Christian Malford Bridge in the Parish of Christian Malford, in the County of Welts, is become so ruinous, that, in the Winter Seal'on, many Parts thereof are become almost impassable, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended and kept in Repair; and that Part of the said Road, to wit, from Mead Brook aforesaid to a Place called Fowl Down Gate in the Parishes of Dirham and Hinton 18 afore-

Sh’nheT'U

Slio'd

Ro-di,

Mead

Brook

Roid-

29 Ge6. lL 140 Janud35I

aforesaid, is included in an Act or Acts of Parliament formerly passed for amending the several Roads from the City of Bristol, and is Part of the Road therein called Mongols

field Road j but hath been left altogether unrepaired, by reason of its Length: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to oring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road ifdresaidj in such manner as to the House shall Teem meet.

Ordered, Thai the said Petition be referred tci the Consideration of a Committee: And tkat they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel , Ml. Garth,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Willey, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sandys. Sir John C Mr. , Mr. Cooke, Mr. S/oper, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Alderman

Diekinson, Mr. Earle, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr.

wyn, Mr. Mucky e, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Alderman Mr. Lyfier, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Mr. Hammond,

Mr. Moore, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Mr. , Sir Ro-

bert Long, Mr. SalulburyMr More, Mr Hubert, Mr; Onslow, Mr. Martin, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Forrfier, Lord Verney, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Sir John Mr.

Gore, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyder; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, -

merfet, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per Ions, Papers, and Records.

XOhue A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Free-

Parish holders, and Inhabitanrs, of theCoumi*:SofS0«///<Hwp/0«and

Roads. Wilts, whose Names are thereu at o subscribed, was present-

ed to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, of Brlckworth, in the Parish of ivhileparish, in the County of Wilts, through the same Parish to and through the Parish of Sheffield English, and trail rhence through Dnnwood, in

the County of Southampton, to fie Top of a Hill called DunwoodHill, and from thence by a Farm called holt Farm, in the Parish of Romjey Extra, in the said County, to a Bridge called Middle Bridge, and from thence through the Town and Parish of Romjey Infra, to a Bridge called Hundred Bridge, in the said County; and also from the Top of Dunwood Hill aforesaid, through Stdnbridge Lane, to a Bridge called Great Bridge, and from thence through other Parts of the said Town and Parish of Romjey Infra, to the said Bridge called Hundred Bridge, and from thence through other Parts of the said Parish of Romjey Extra, and also through the Parishes of Nurfling and Mil/brooke, in the said County, to the County of the

Town of Southampton; are, in many Places, very narrow and ruinous, and cannot, by the ordinary Methods of Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Harvey,

Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Forrefler, Mr. Garth, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Willy, Sir Crosse, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cooke, Colonel Whitmore, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir John Cust, Mr. Earle, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mr.

Fellows, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Cartwright, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Chester, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr Bold, Mr. Lyfier, Lord Strange, M r. Lockyer, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Walpole, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Hardiuge, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fonereau, Mr Lyfier, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Townjlicnd, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Phillipjon, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Morgan, Lord F Mr. More, Mr. A/dworth, You 27.

Mr. Chtitert, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sythons; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Sussex,

Wilts, and Dir jet r And they ate to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend fdr.Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Periods, whole Names are Kington

there-under written, was presented to the House, and Roads;

read; setting forth, That the high Roads leading from the Town o( Kington, in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same County extends j and from Kington aforesaid to Brilley's Mountain, in the said County; and from Kington, through Bellingham, to Eardefley; and from Kington aforesaid, through Spoud, to Almely's Wotton, and through the Holm's Almely;

and from Kington aforesaid-, through the Parishes of Lyon's Hall, Almely, Sarnsfield, and Norton, t Green;

and from Kington aforesaid, through the Parishes of Hall, and Pembridge, to Eardisland; and from Kington ‘ aforesaid; t hrough Tit ley and Stanjbatch, under the Side of Waple Hill to Staple Bar-, and from Kington aforesaid, through Lyon's Hall, to Knoaks Bridge, and from thence to Milton House, in the County aforesaid; are, in divers.

Places, lb ruinous, especially in the Winter Season, that Travellers cannot pals without great Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually repaired, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying. That a Bill may be brought in for, amending the said Roads, and keeping the same in good and sufficient Repair, and for erecting a sufficient Number of Turnpikes and Toll-houseson the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame; as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Morgan, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Lyfier; Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fel/owes, Mr. Lockyer,

Sir John Cust, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Pye, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Garth, Mr. Willy, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bold,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Dimmer, Colonel Whitmore, Mr.

Fonereau, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Thistlethwayte, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Chef ter, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Alderman Diekinson, Sir Robert Ladbrooke, Mr. HaYdinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sloper,

Mr. Cope, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pitt, Mr Morgan, Mr. Northey, Mr. Shelley, Mr. MedUcott, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Newfitam, Mr. West, Mr;

Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, Salop, Worcester, and Gloucester, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Sfitewfluny others, residing in or near the Towns of Shrewsburyf Whitchurch, Drayton, and High Ercal, in the County of Brakburst Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre- Road*. Tented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the several High Roads from the Town of through

Battlefield Lane, Hadnall, A£lon Reynold to Brock-

hurfi, in the said County; and from the said Town of Shrewsbury, to Shawbury; and from the said Town of Shrewsbury, through Roden and HighErcall, to~ShreyHill; are, in divers Places, so ruinous, and, in several Places, so narrow and incommodious, that Carriages cannot pass without great Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair; And therefore praying, Tfhat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, or such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House mail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

4 X And

Expiring

Laws.

Charing

Crof*

Improve-

ments.

Way. and Means,

Supply.

Poole

Gate

Hoad.

554 14* Januarti. A. 1756.

And it isreferred to Mr. Lyj Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Dunmer, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Pye, Mr. Palmer, Lord Strange, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Mr. Harley, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

hell, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Onslow, Mr. hend, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lord

Hillsborough, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Robert Ladbrooke Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Barrow, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Sir Charles Kemys Fynte, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. More, Mr. Sandys. Colonel Whitmore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, and Chester, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, arid Records.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them arc fit to be tevived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Cuff Mr. K Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, S\r Robert , Mr. Go-

dolphin, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Slo-per, Mr. Tovjfshend, the-Master of the Rolls, Mr. Hammond, Sir William Irby, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Scot, Mr. Amyand, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Bold, Mr. Barbor, Lord Strange, Mr. Willey, Mr. Garth, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Stanley, Mr. West, Mr. Cope, Mr. 7rift. Sir William Calvert, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Reynolds, Mr . Egerton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hill,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Hume, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Whickcot, Mr. Medlicott, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Page-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: and they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber:

Ordered, That Lord Verney, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Robert Briftowe, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, is referred.

The Otders of the Day being read;

Resolved, that this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt have Leave to make a Motion; it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names arc thereunto i'ubscribed, living near and usually travelling, the high Road from a Lane called Win-borne Lane End, in the Parish of in the County of Dorset, and from thence through Part of the several

Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of Winborne

St. Giles, Woodland, Horton, Hinton, Martel, Little Hinton, Winborn Minfler, and through the Town of Winborn Minfler, in the said County of and from

thence, through Part of the Parish of Canford, and the Tything of Long Fleet, within the said County of Dorset, to a Gate called Poole Gate, leading into the Town and County of Poole, being Part of the great Poll Road from London to the said Town and County of Poole; and from the said Gate called Poole Gate, through Part of the

several Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of Long Fleet aforesaid, and the Tything of Parchfon, in the said County of Dorset, to a Place called Bourn in the County of

Southampton, being Part of the high lload from the said Town and County of Poole, to the Town of Christ Church Twynham, in the said County of Southampton; and allb from the said Gate called Poole Gate, through Part of the several Parishes, Vills, and Hamlets, of Long Fleets Parchfon, and Great Canford aforesaid, and Kingston, in the said County of Dorset, to a Bridge called Longham Bridge, in the Parish of Hampreflon, in the County of Dorset, being in the High Road from the said Town and County of Poole to the Town of Ringwood, in the said County of Southampton; and also from the said Gate called Poole Gate, through Part of the several Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of Long Fleet and Great Canford aforesaid, and Corse Mullen, Utchett Minfler, otherwise South Litchett, and Litchett Matravers, in the said County of Dorset, to an Inn there called the Chequer , being the high Road leading from the said Town and County of Poole, to the Town of Beer Regis, in the said'County of Dorset; and also from the said Gate called Pock Gate, through Part of the several Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of Long Fleet, Great Canford, Corse Mullen, Litchett -fter, otherwise South Litchett aforesaid, to a Gate or Gateway leading into a Heath called Holton Heath, next beyond a Bridge called King Bridge, in the said Parish of Litchett Minfler aforesaid, being in the high Road leading from the said Town and County of Poole to the Town of Wareham, in the said County of Dorset; and also from a Place called Broomhiil, being the Boundary between the

Town and County of Poole and the Parish of llamworthy, in the said County of Dorset, through the said Parish and Street of Hamworthy, and Part of the Parish of Minfleraforesaid, to the other Road there leading from the Gate called Poole Gate to the said Parishes of Litchett Minster, and Litchett Alatravers:

And the said Petition was read; alleging. That the said several Roads are very founderous, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said several Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr. John Pitt also presented to the House,

Another Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are there-under subscribed, living near and usually travelling through the several Roads mentioned in the preceding Petition:

And the said Petition was also read; containing the same Allegations and Prayer as are mentioned in the said preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Willy, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Olmius, Lord Strange, Mr. Dazvkins, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Townshend, Mr. WeMr. Delaval, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir Wynne, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Pye, Mr. Brand, Mr. Keck, Sir John Cult, Mr. Locke, Sir John Alolesworth, Mr*. Harris, Mr. Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sir

John Crosse, Mr. Gybbons, Mr. Campbell, Lord Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Nugent, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Legge, Mr. Jefferys. Sir John Barnard, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Cope, Mr. Barbor; and all the Members who servefor the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, Southampton, and JVills: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir John Morgan have Leave to make a Motion:

And

Poolt Gaff Road.

29 Geo. It.

I4® — i f Januarii.

35S

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House*

tyc Way A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Koa«k thereunto subscribed:

And the said Petition was read; letting forth, That the high Roads leading from the in the Parish of

Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, through to

the Cock Gate, and from thence through the Panlhes of Croft and Lutlon to Mortimer's Cross, and from thence through Shob don to Milton and from to the

Woodhouse, and from thence to Staple Bar through Comb Lane to Prefleigne, in -the County of , arc, in di-

vers Places, lo ruinous, especially in the Winter Season* that Travellers and Carriages cannot pass without great Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for amending the said Roads, and keeping the same in good and sufficient Repair, and for erecting a sufi-ficient Number of Turnpikes and Toll-houses on the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John , Mr.

Colonel Stanwix, Mr. W, Sir John , Mr.

Barrow, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Dip by. Lord Bateman, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Shper, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Sir John Cust, Lord Strange, Mr. Hunt, Lord George Cavendljh, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Vi tilers, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Earle Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Mr. Brand, Sir Francis Poole, Lord , Sir Wil-

loughby Aston, Mr. Bacon, S r Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Chester, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Mr. Gajhry, Mr.

Garth, Mr. Nugent, Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

wyn, Lord Hobart, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cocks, Lord Middleton, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Ellis, bir Robert Ladbrooke; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, Salop, Wcrcester, and Gloucester, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange have Leave to make

a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

Qkjj A Petition of ‘Thomas Molyneux Esquire, Lord of the

Inclosure. Manor of Ellell, in the County of , and of Ro-

bert Dalton Esquire, Preston Christopherson Esquire, James DayeClerk, Richard Wilkinson Gentleman, Thomas Lodge Gentleman, Thomas Blacfcbrtrne, and other the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in E aforesaid: And the said Petition was r-.ad; setting forth. That, within the Manor or Township of aforesaid, there are divers Parcels of walle Grounds, amounting to Eighteen hundred Statute Acres, or thereabouts, which now lie wasteand uncultivated, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; but if the same were divided, inclosed, and held in Severalty, would be of great Advantage to that Part of the Country in general, and to the Petitioners in particular: and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Commons and waste Grounds may be fevered and divided, in order to be inclosed, and held in Severalty by the respective Proprietors, in proport ion to their Inlands; but that the said Commons or waste Grounds cannot be effecdually inclosed and divided without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given fora Bill to be brought in to have the said Commons and waste Grounds in Ellell aforesaid, inclosed, divided, and allotted by Commissioners in such Bill to be named, unto and amongd the Petitioners and the red of the Land Owners in Ellell aforesaid, who have Right of Common thereon, in proportion to their Inlands.

Vol. 27.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Strange and Mr. Bold do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 150 die j

Anno 29® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756.

Tr

AYERS.

AP E TITIO N of the Commissioners appointed'J>y virtue of the Act of Parliament for restoring the Har-bourof Rye, in the County of Sussex, to itsancient Goodness, was presented to the House, and read; representing the Usefulness and Convenience of the said Harbour; and alleging, That the Commissioners, appointed to execute the Powers given by the said Acts, have proceeded therein with the utmost Integrity and Diligence, as {aft as the Income of the Fund granted, and the Money which could be borrowed thereon, would allow; and that the most difficult and expensive Parts of the Works are done; but the Commissioners could not carry on the remaining Works* till they had paid, from the Produce of the fund, the Money, which had been borrowed thereupon; whereby the Public have been long deprived of the Benefit of the said Harbour; and that the Petitioners would now proceed, with the utmost Diligence, to complete the said remaining Works, if they were enabled thereunto, by having the Terms and Powers granted by the former Acts for those Purposes, further continued, or by such other Means as the House shall think proper: And therefore praying the House to take the Premisesinto Consideration, and to do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coh-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. George

Mr. Fellotves, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Whtchcot, Mr. flon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lyster, Lord George Mr.

Moore, Colonel Campbell, Sir George Yonge, Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Monson, Colon.. 1 Mr. Pellicun, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr.

Dicker, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Trifl, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Hard-inge, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Watson, Mr.

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Yorke, Lord Strange, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Forrester, Lord Downe, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Potter, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Middleton, Mr. Hill, Mr. Sargent, Mr. , Mr.

Aldworth, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lewis, Colonel,

Mr. Pye, Mr. Walpole, Mr. HuJJey, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Powney, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bayntun; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of , Kent, and Surrey, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lieutenant of Dover Castle, and Assistants, incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of Dover, whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the said Assistants, was presented to the House, and read; representing the Use-fulness and Convenience of the said Harbour; and letting forth. That by an Act, made in the 1 ith and 12th Years of King William the Third, a Duty of Three Pence per Ton was laid upon such Ships and Vessels as are therein described, for a Term in the said Act mentioned, for raising a Sum of Money for repairing the said Harbour; and that the Term and Powers by the said Act granted, were, by several subsequent Acts, continued until the First Day of May 1765; and thereby Two Third Parts of the 3 laid

Rye

Harbour.

Ditto!

5<S 15* Januarii. A. 1750.

laid Duty were appropriated to the rhdking of a Harbour at Rye; and that leVeral very considerable Works have been performed for the Preservation and Improvement of the said. Harbour; for defraying the Expence thereof, the Petitioners have been obliged to borrow the Sum of Ifhree thobfatid Pounds, on Security of the said Duty; but. that several Works still remain to be done for completing the said Harbour, and the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds is still owing: And therefore praying, That the present Duties may be further continued, or fitch other Provision be made, as to the House shall seem meet.

ky* A Petition of ttie Mayor, Jurats, Commost Council-

Hirbour. Gentlemen, and principal Irihabitants, of the Town

and. Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, was also presented to the House, and read; representing the Useful-ness and Importance of the said Harbour, and taking Notice of the Acts fir granting and continuing a Duty for the Support and Preservation thereof, and for making a Harbour at Rye; and alleging, That the Money arising by the said Duty is not sufficient to perform all the necessary Works and Reparations proposed for improving and completing the said Harbour of Dover: And therefore praying the House to make such further Provision for the Support and Improvement of the said Harbour, as to the House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the Acts of Parliament for restoring the Harbour of in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of these Petitions; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Brumpton A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto

KosA*'* subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the ltoad leading from the East End of Brumpton High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of and Ingleton, in the said

County, to the Town of ,in the County of

casier, and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by a Clause in the said Act, all Carriages and Cattle going empty or unladen for, or laden with, Coals, Peat, Turf, or other Fuel, are exempt from the Payment of any Toll upon the said Road; and that, by another Clause in the said Act, no Toll-gate is to be erected on the said Road between the East End of Brumpton High Lane and Richmond aforesaid; and that the Trustees, appointed to put the said Act in Execution, have made and repaired a great Part of the said Road, and made good Travelling fer Wheel Carriages in many Places, where none could pals before the said Act was obtained; and that since the said Road was so far repaired, great Numbers of Carriages, laden with Coal and other Fuel, do travel thereon, and very much damage the said Road; and alleging, that the present Tolls and Duties taken upon the said Road by vntueof the said Act, are not a sufficient Security for borrowing a further Sum of Money, which is now wanted to complete and finish the whole Road, and keep the same in Repair, unless a Power be obtained to charge and take a reasonable Toll upon Carriages and Cattle laden with Coal and other Fuel; and also to ered a Toll-Gate, and take a Toll between the East End of Brumpton High Lane and Richmond aforesaid; and that the Powers granted by the said Act, are, in many Instances, found insufficient, several Difficulties have, from time to time, arisen in putting the said Act in Execution; whereby the good Purposes thereby intended are greatly obstruded; and that several large Sums of Money, to the Amount of Four thousand Seven hundred Pounds, have been borrowed by the said Trustees upon the Credit of the said Act; which Sums cannot be repaid within the Time limited by the

Taid Ad; nor can the said Road be completed, and kept in sufficient Repair, without a further Enlargement of the Terms and Powers granted by the said Act; and further setting forth. That the Roads leading from Richmond aforesaid, through Gilling, Meifonby, and , to

Lucy, otherwise Lously Cro/s, and through a certain Lane called Gilling Town Lane, leading from Gilling to the Turnpike Road upon Gat her ley Moor, and the said Road through Gilling, Meifonby, and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Leucy CroJ's, and the said Lane called Gilling Town Lane, are become so ruinous, that the same cannot be kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said restridive Clauses, and forex-plaining, amending, and making more effectual, the above-mentioned Act of Parliament, and for repairing the Road from Richmond, through Gilling, , and

Aldbrough to Lucy, otherwise Lously, CroJ's, and from Gilling aforesaid, through a certain Line called Gilling Toivtt Lane, to the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, leading from Middleton Tyas Lane End to the Town of Bowes, in the said County of York, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Conyers D1 Arcy, Lord Downe, Lord George Sackville, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Watson, Sir George Mr. rnius, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Barb or, Mr.

Mon/ou. Sir William Calvert, Lord Bateman, Mr. North ey, Mr. Ellis, Sir John Clift, Mr. More, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Talbot, Mr. , Mr. Oh-

flow, Mr. Cope, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Torke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Crowle, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Garth, Mr. CMr. Phillipps, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bacon, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Grove-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, IVftmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the Town of Brewton, through the Parishes of Batcomb, Lay-ton, and Marston, to the Town of Froom, all in the County of Somerset -, and also from the said Town of Brewton, over a Hill called Creech Hill, to the Gate on Shepton Mallet Turnpike Road at Milton Bridge, in the great Road to the City of Eriftol; and likewise from the said Town of Brewton, South East, through the Hamlet of Stoney Stoke, to the First Index or Directing Poll in the Road to the Town of Wincanton, in the said County; also from the Eastern Point of the right honourable Lord Ilchester's Park Wall, in the last mentioned Road, to a House lately called the White Horse, now in the Occupation of John Parfet at Hardzvay, in the Parish of South Brew ham, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Brewton, South West, through the Parish of Pitcomb, up Pilcomb Hill, by the House of John Robertson Doctor ol Physic, to the Index or Directing Poll adjoining to the Sherborne Turnpike Road leading through the Hamlet of Hadfpen, in the said Parish of Pitcomb, to Butwell Gate, in the Parish of Ansford, in the said County, leading to the great Western Road to Taunton and Exeter also from the First Cross Ways above Pitcomb Hill, along by Mr. Dickinson's, to the Sherborne Turnpike Road; likewise from Whitmore Corner» at the Western End of Lord Ilchester's Park Wall, through Shepton

in the said County, unto another Part of Sherborne Turnpike Road, leading to Sherborne, , &c. and

from the said Whitmore Corner, by the said Park Wall, to Brewton Gate-, was presented to the House, and read;

setting

Brewton

RoaX

Ripon,

&c.

Rcaii*.

F.!!rnfov>t

luilio^r.

29 Geo. II. *5° Jan 357

fitting forth, That the said Roads are, in the Winter Season, very ruinous, and caniMt be effectually amended by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And chat they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Kerns Tynte, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Fcl-hives, Lord Downe, Mr Obrien, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Mcrdaunt, Mr. Torke, Mr. 'Burrell, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Philipps, Sir Walter Blackett, Sir Francis Poole, iVIr. Montagu, Mr. Affleck, Doctor Hay, Mr Tozvnf-hend, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Crofje. Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Offlnu, Mr. Guidon, Mr. Lfflie, Sir James Creed, Lord North, Mr. Walter, Mr. Nugmt, Mr. LafccPes, Mr. pye, Mr. Gajhry, Mr Am\and, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Bayntwi, M?. Campbell, Mr. Scott, Lord Verney, Mr. Alderman Porter, Mr. Alderman FluJycr, Mr. Selwyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Wilts, Dorset, and Cornwall: And the-y are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Record*.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of York, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was preleuted to the Monfe, and read; letting forth, That the High Road leading from the Borough of Ripen, by Ingram Bank, through Palely Bridge and Greenhozv Hill, to Craven Grefs, in the said County, is become very ruinous, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Hoad, in such manner as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Downe, Mr. Mottfon, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Crowle, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Colleton, Mr, Obrien, Lord Strange, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Oujlozv, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Charlton, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Trifl, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Lochyer, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Calvert. Mr. Eger:on, Mr. Prozvfe, Lord Bateman, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Cope, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Talbot, Mr. linukes, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Morion, Mr. Amy and, Lord Bar-yard, Mr. Martin, Sir John Cnjl, Mr. Kvia/ion, Mr. Lnfccllcs, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Townfaend, Mr. Walter, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Duffle, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Sandys, S;r John Croffle, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Wft mcr eland, and Lane after; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petit ion of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Coal Proprietors, exporting Coals from, or living near, the Harbour of LUenfoot, in the County of Cumberland, and of the Owners and Masters of Ships following the Coal Trade there, whose Names are thereunto severally iabscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and all others trading the re, and of the rest of the Inhabitants of 1Ellen* foot aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed by an Act passed in the 22d Year of his present MajestyN Reign, for repa’uing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of LID.foot, have, in pursuance of the said Act, borrowed

Vcl. 27.

the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, and applied the same to trie Uses of the said Harbour; whereby the same is already considerably amended, and the Coal irade greatly increased; and, in consequence thereof, several Improvements have been made and many beneficial Trades letup at Ellerfoot; and that the said Trustees have, (ince expending the aforesaid Sum of Two thousand Pounds, been obliged to contract for certain necefikry W«uks, to be begun and carried on, in deepening the said Harbour, and eroding Wharfs or Quays, and have expended already thereon the Sum of Sixty-two Pounds, and upwards, and are under Contract to pay the further Sum of Three hundred Pounds, and upwards, on the same Account, when the iaft-mentioned Work is completed; and alleging, that it will dill Require a much larger Sum of Money to complete the Works already begun, and to render the Harbour safe and commodious, than can possibly be raised within the Term of Years for which the Harbour Duties are granted by the said Act; and that it is become necessary to settle the Limits of the Harbour, and to restrain Houses from being built within certain Spaces, to as the same may be left free and open for the Uses of common Wharfs, with sufficient Ways for Carisand other Carriages to be left along each Wharf, Pier, or Quays, built or^to be built, within the intended Limits of the find Harb ur; to all which Humphry Senhouse Esquire, One of the Petitioners, foie Proprietor of the Ground on either Side t e River at EUenfoot, hath given his Consent; and that the Petitioners have found that other Regulations* Powers, and Provisions, are still further wanting, the better to accommodate the Trade carried on at the said Harbour; but that none of the said Designs can he carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore er-prefiing the Hope of the Petitioners that the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for answering the Purposes aforementioned, by such Ways and Means, and in fuel* Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred totbe Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Obrien, Sir John Mordaunt. Lord Strange, Mr Ofwa/d, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Onslow, Lord George Sackville, Sir Francis Poole, Colonel Cornzvallis, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mon/on, Mr. Kx tuft on, I,ord Barnard, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Northey, Lord Dnpp/in, Mr. Colleton, Lord Bateman, Sir John Croffle, Lord Downe, Mr. E/lis, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Grenville, Mr. IVhichcot, Mr. Barrel*, Mr. Cocks, Admiral Bofcazven, Mr. West-pha/ing, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Kent, Mr. Bay titan, Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Trift, Mr. Ye? -non, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Lewis, Mr PJiillipfon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Walter; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmcreiand, Northumberland, Durham, York, Lane after, and Chef ter: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in t!ic Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to feud for Performs, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Burgesses* and Inhabitants, in and about the Town of Wenlock, in the County of Salop, whose Namesare thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting lorth, That the Roads leading from the Market House in the said town, through Burton, Brockton, and 6hipton, to the Town ship of Munjlow; from the same Place to the Marjli, through Poftnalt, to the Building called the Market Housein Brose-ley; and from the Finger Post near the Marsh, through HangstreesGate, and Wdley, to the Brook beyond (heBowl Farm, joining to Norlcy Common, and eading toward* Bridgnorth; and from the said Market House m Wenlock aforesaid, through Lawless Croft, to Builuwas Bridge, and from thence to a Farm called Sirutkiii, :n the Paiifii 0iMadefy in the said County; arc became very ruin>us,

WtnUfck,

&c.

Rofch

Wenloclr,

3rc,

RoaJs.

Bowes,

&c.

Roads.

358 15 0 januarii. 175 S',

and cannot beeffoftually amended and kept in Repair by the I ^aws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Forrester, Sir John Mr. Colleton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Brook Mr.

Northey, Mr. Yorke, Lord Milton, Mr. Lord

George Sackville, Sir John C, Mr. Finch, Mr. Hill,

Mr. Gore, Lord Bateman, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fei/cwes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lock-yer. Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr.

son, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Strange, Mr, Lord

Barnard, Mr. Cope, Mr. Bridgman, Sir John Mr.

Moore, Mr. IFilkinjon, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cocks, Mr. More, Mr. GwynMr. Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Powney, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Aldworlh, Mr. Montagu, Lord North, Mr.

Mr. Nugent, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Eduard Herbert, Mr. Rider, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Mr. Town//,end,

Afr. Harley, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Bodvi/le, Mr. Fiji/or, Mr. Gore, Mr . Eger:on, Sir Charles MordMr. Charlton,

Sir John Q'ojjt’, Mr. Ggw aid, Mr. Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Bobinfon, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Onf.uiv, Mr.

Mr. Hamilton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Stafford, and for the Prin-

cipality of Wales; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Town of in the Franchise

of Werdock, in the County of Salop, whole Names are

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; fitting forth, That the Road leading from the Market House in Brojeley, through the Dean and Linley, to Linley Brook, is become very ruinous: And therefore praying, That the said Road may be included in the Bill applied for by the proceeding Petition, or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved, in such planner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, in and about the Town of Werdock, in the County of whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Durham, assembled at their General Quarter Session of the Peace held at the City of Durham, in and for the said County, on Wednesday the Eighth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord 1755; and also of several of the Trullees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high Road leading from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard in the County of Durham; and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence, by MUderston Gill otherwise Coundon GUI, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham, being the Common high Road from to the

City of Durham; and from divers Parts of the County of Durham, and North Riding of Yorkshire, to several Collieries and Coal Mines within the county of ; was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That no Toll is by the said Act made payable for any Horse, or ether Cattle, going upon the said Road empty or unladen

% - l . *

for, or laden with, Coals, Cinders, Lime, or Lead; nor fur any Carriage going empty or unladen for, or laden with.. Stones for building; nor for any Carriage going likewise empty orunladen for, or laden with. Coals, Cinders, Lime, or Lead, between the 20th Day of April and the 301I1 Day of October in each Year: Arid alleging. That the Tolls made payable by the said Act for Carriages going empty or unladen for, or returning laden, upon the said Road, with Coals, Cinders, Lime, or Lead, between the 30th Day of October and the 20th Day of April in each Year, are but very small, and not equal to the Damage done to the said Road thereby, nor adequate to the other Tolls granted by the said Act; and that at the time of passing the said Act the i'aid Read was in a very ruinous Condition; and the Trustees appointed to put the said Act: in Execution have made a considerable Progress in repairing the said Road; and, in order to carry on the Repairs thereof from timt to time, have borrowed several Sumsof Money, amounting, in the whole, to the Sum of Two thousand Seven hundred and Seventy Pounds, at Five Pounds per Centum per Asmara-, and that the Money borrowed hath not been sufficient to repair the said Road; nor can the said Money be repaid, and all Parts of the said Road be fulnciently amended and kept in Repair for the future, unlc-fs the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Act, for Inch Term and Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Barnard, Mr. Bowes, Lord Milton, Mr. Obrien, Sir Conyers D'Arsy, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Gu/ston, Lord Strange, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Gore, Lord Bateman, Mr. Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. West, Mr. Calvert, Mr; Sir John

Crofje, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Burrell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cornzva/lis, Mr. Air. Monson,

Air. Colleton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. ff'atfon, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. More, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Sir

Cud, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Eofcaw.n, Air. shend, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Forrester; and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Durham, Cum-

her land, Westmdt eland, Lancaster, and dork: And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Purlfhcs of Old and New Sleaford, Kirby, Afgar by,

Heckington, and Great Hale, in tire County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the EaR End of a Lane called Hale Drove, in the Parisho iGr through the said 1-anc, and over Heckington Fen, threigh a Ihacc called Garrick, the Town of Heckington, the Parish of the d own of Kirby Layihorpe, to the Town of Old Sleaford, and from the down of Sleaford to the lend of Long Edge, in the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln, is very ruinous and narrow, and cannot Ire effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law: And therefore pravir.g. That Provision, in the Bill which is ordered to be brought m for repairing and widening the Roads from the Exit Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and from the Town of Bowden, to tire down of , and from

Donnington High Bridge to the Cross Poll in the Parish of Hacconby, in the said County, may be made for repairing and widening the aforesaid Road leading from the Eait End of Hale Drove to Old Sleaford, and from Old Sleaford to the End of Long Hedge, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they d> examine

the

Hah R;a»l

trlHC

Kq»J.

9 Geo. IL iJanuarri- 359

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Monson, Mr. Pro wye, Sir John Cufl, Lord George Sackvil/e, Mr. Ky-ttaston, Colonel Campbell\ Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Gulfion, Sir Francis Poc/c, Mr. Sandys, Mr, Colleton, Sir John Phi-lipps, Mr. Gore, Mr. Torke, Mr. Dig by. Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Downe, Mr. H/7/, Lord Dug pint, Mr. Banker, Lord Strange, Mr. Forrefier, Mr. Obrien, Mr. More, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Sekvyn, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lajcdles, Mr. Cole brook e< Mr. Amyand, Mr. Med-//mV, Mr. Herbert, Lord Howe, Mr. Mr. i/tfr- Mr. JValter, Mr. Dujfe, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Towns hend, Mr Coventry, Sir CroJJe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, Lticester, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayer, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Town and County of Poole, waspresented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, Time out of Mind, till of late Years, have received Duties called Quayage or Wharfage upon the Importation and Exportation of all Goods and Merchandizes into and out of the Harbour of Poole, and also certain other Duties there called Boomage and Ballast Duty, which have been conicandv under tee Management of the Ai ayor and Corporation or the laM down; but that of late Years ieveiai Pc Hons have refuled to pay the said Duties; infilling, tha: the Corporation have no just Right to demand any Dut ies, they having no Act of Parliament for ellabiifiling the fame; and that the Petitioners, to support them ancient prescriptive Might to the said Duties, have brought several Actions lor recovering the same; but, by redlnn of the great sixpence, and the Difficulties in Law, no Inhabitant of the said Town being admitted as a competent Wirncfs, the Petitioners have been quite rcmcdftels in their P'oiecutions; by means whereof the Quays, Wharfs, and public Channels leading to the said Harbour, are in gieat Part washed down, and the remaining Part in a very ruinous Condition, and, for want of a proper Fund, will be all loon intirely destroyed: And therefore praying the Hou!e to take the Premises into Consideration, and give Leave that a Bill may be brought in as well for enlarging and repairing the said Quays, and cleansing the Channels, as also that a nightly Watch be kept about the said Quays, and Streets of the said Town, and that the same may be properly lighted; and that a convenient Place may be built lor the Snips to fake out rhe'.r Gunpowder before they come to the Quays, and for all other Gunpowder to be deposited in the hid Place, or to give such oilier Relief as to the House shall deem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerat:on of a Committee: And that they do examine the Mattel thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gulfion, Mr. West, Mr. Pa likes, Lord George Sackvil/e, Colonel Campbell, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Proufe, Lord Dupplin, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Colleton, Lord Strange, Mr. yoike, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Gzvynn, Sir John Crofe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. toyeufon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Col-let on, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Bateman, Sir George Lee, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Dodhigton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Flore, Lord Milton, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Pitt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Philhpfon, Mr. Brijhwe, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Fljher, Mr. Alderman Porter, Mr. Robert Colebrooke, Mr. Sturt, Sir James Creed, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Jones, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Nefbit, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Belchier, Mr. James Colebrooke, Mr. George Colebrooke, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Toivv/hend, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Francis Fane, Mr. Thomas Fane, Mr. George Pitt, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. George

Vol. 27.

Grenville, Mr. James Grenville, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Harley, Lord Hobart, Mr. Walter, Mr. Duffe, Mr. FT hot, Mr. Amyand; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, Southampton, Wilts, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re* cords.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting several Parts of an Act passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the lload from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches, one through Ripley, over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge, to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York-, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor: And letting forth, that the Trustees, appointed by the said Act, for that Branch of the said Roads lying between the Town of Leeds and Ripon, by Way of Ripley aforesaid, pursuant to the Power by the said Ac\ to them given, did reduce and lessen Part of the Tolls by the said Act granted upon that Part of the said Roads which lieth between the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate and Hutton Moor aforesaid, by Way of Ripley, by and with the Approbation and Consent of the only Person who had then advanced Money, on the Credit of the faicj! Tolls; and that the said Trustees did also borrow several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls, so reduced as aforesaid, to the AmountofTwo thousand Pounds, which is now clue , and that great Part of the said Road hath been repain d, but tome Parts thereof are Hill in a very ruinous Condition; and cannot be eftlftuahy repaired and kept in Repair, nor can such Parts of the said Road as ’nave been already repaired be Kept in Repair, nor the Monies so borrowed on the Credit of the said reduced Tol $ be repaid, if the said Trustees be not enabled to borrow a further Sum of Money to complete the said Part of the said Roads but thatat present no Person is willing to advance such Sum, uniels the said Trustees be impowered to raise the said reduced Tolls to the same Sums of Money as were granted by the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for making the same more effectual, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con fuieration of a Committee: And that they do examine 'the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Conyers Df Arcy, Lord Downe, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. El Us, Sir John Cujl, Lord Barnard, Mr. Fel/owes, Mr. Lyjler, Sir George Youge, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gore, Lord Bateman, Doctor Hay, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Onslow, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Shelley, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. More, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Proufe, Mr. West, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Fane, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Ojwald, Mr. Selwyn, Mr, Rigby, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Grenville, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Watfcu, Mr. Gutston, Mr. George Brtidenell, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Amvand, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Ho zcard, Colonel Bofcawen, Colonel Mr. Fisher,

Mr. Colebrooke-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties ot York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, I'.'rjlmorliind, and Laneaft er:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham* ber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Jiecords.

A Petition of John Roberts, late Governor, Treasurer, and C h ie f A gc n t, t o the late Royal African Company ot England

Leeds,

fee.

Road.

Roberts Charge* at Cape Coatl Calil*.

150 Jann arii.

A. i 756.

land at same Coast Castle in Africa, being offered to be prefehted to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the Mouse, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the f.iid Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Sum of 10,000 having been granted by Parliament in 1749, and ifined by the Commissioners of the 'l'reafury, to the late Henry Lascelles Esquire, towards the Support of the said Company’s Forts in Africa, a Supply of Goods, Stores, and Provisions, to the Amount off.7,288 3 was by the said Henry Lascelles consigned to the Petitioner; to iuper-intend the Application of which, the said Company, on the 2.6th October 1749, appointed the Petitioner President of the Council, chief Agent, and Treasurer, and, on the 6 th July following, Governor of Cape Coast Castle, and (he Dependencies thereof; and that the Dutch having, some time after the Petitioner’s Arrival in revived their

iil-grounded Pretensionstothe£«^//7^ Right of Sovereignty and Jurisdiction over the Fort and Territory of Town of Bi/Jki, and Forest of Atchua, which Right was fully proved to the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations in 1752, upon a Reference from the Lords Justices, when the Petitioner uled his mmol! Endeavours to adjust the Dispute in an amicable Manner; notwithstanding which, the Dutch Director General, by Letter to the Petitioner, dated in April 1750, declared War against the Eng lift, attacked the said Fort of seized the

EngliJii Vessels and Canoes at Sea, and continued Hoflili-ties to the End of December 1750, when remained

inverted j and that in opposing Hostilities occasioned by the Dutch, and allb defeating an Attempt of Two French Men of War, commanded by the Chevalier to make a Settlement at Annamaboe, the Petitioner was put to such extraordinary Charges, as in about Seven Months intirely exhausted the said Supply consigned by Mr. Lascelles, and laid the Petitioner under the disagree-

ab’e Dilemma of either deserting his Trurt, or defending the fame, and maintaining the Company’s Officers, Servants, and Slaves, out of his private Stock and personal Credit; and that the Petitioner, having presented a Memorial to the Commissioners of the Treasury, praying a Reimbursement of such extraordinary Charges to the 31 ft January 1750; and the same having been referred to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, their Lord ships were pleased to report, that the Defence and Preservation of the Gallic an J Territory of Dixcove aforesaid appeared to them a Service of great national Importance, which mull nccifiari'y occasion a large Expence; and that, upon a proper Examination, if it should appear that the Petitioner, in supporting and defending the Forts and

Territories in Africa, had necessarily expended a larger Sum than the Amount oi the Supply sent him by Mr. Lzfcelles, he was justiy i.ntitled to a lleimbursement; and that the said Report having been referred by the Commissioners of the Treasury to the honourable -

son Watson Esquire, One of tho Auditors of his Majesty’s

Imprefts, with Directions to inquire what was the Amount of the Petitioner’s Claim, for what Services the Money was expended, and to report to them how the Payment thereof was vouched, the Petitioner’s Claim has accordingly been minutely and carefully examined by the Auditor; who, on the 14th January last, reported to the said Commissioners of the Treasury, that there appears to be due to the Petitioner, on account of the Services aforesaid, a Claim or Surplus of £. 6,032. js.: And there-

jore, on behalf of the Petitioner and his Friends (whole private Stock and Credit have been thus necessarily employed ir. Defence of the said Forts and Territories, and for the Preservation of the Reputation, Power, and In-tcreft.oftiie British Nation) praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide rat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine.

and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mr. J\!or;key, Mr. Obrien, Mr. £>ir John Cufi,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr.

gent, Lord George Sackvil/e, Lord Strange, Colonel

zjunl/is, Mr. Ellis, Mr. FaZakerley, Mr. Forrcfter, Mr.

Talbot, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Huftey, Mr. Sandy's, Mr.

Banks, Mr. West, Mr. Morton, Mr. Reynolds, Colonel Campbell, Lord Pulteney, Mr. More, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Onslow, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Sir William Calvert, Mr . Dodington, Lord Barrington, Mr.

Fe/lowes, Mr. Fumefe, Mr. Martin, Mr. Pyotr, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Seizeyn, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Scott, Mr.

Cocks, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Watson, Lord Bateman, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr.

Of tv aid, Mr. Barrozv, Mr. Morris, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Harbor, S\x George Tonge, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Yoke, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Hill, Loid Milton, Mr. Myddelton, Mr.

Rigby, Sir Francis Drake; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Pei Ions, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for DarlLgto* the County Palatine of Durham, assembled at their General Quarter Session of the Peace held at the City of Durham, on Wednesday tire 8th Dav of October, in the Year oh our Lord 1735; and also of others, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing tire high Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the said Act, and setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution have made a considerable Progress in repairing the said Road; and that several great Sums of Money, to the Amount of Three thousand Two hundred Pounds, have been borrowed by the said Trustee* upon the Credit of the said Act, which Sums are now-due; and that Carriages parting upon the said Road, laden with Lime, are by the la;d /\ft exempt from paying the Tolls thereby g-anted, and others returning laden with Coals, which come into the Road at a Place called Burtret Lane, pay but Plait Tolls; and many Parts of the said Road aie dill in a ruinous Condition: And alleging, that it will be import; Lie to complete the Repair of the Laid Read, and keep the same in Repair, and pay off the Money due as aforesaid, unless the Toils by the said Act granted be augmented, and the said Lime Carriages be charged, and the said Coal Carriages be charged, full Tolls; and that the Powers granted by the said Act are in many Inilances found insufficient, and several Difficulties have aril'en in putting the said Act in Execution:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the said A ft, and for augmenting the said Tolls, and charging the said Coal and Lime Carnages for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall lean meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that thevdu examine

J

the Matter thereof % and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Bernard, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Watson, Mr. Calvert, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Prcivfe, Colonel Campbell, Mr.

Mon son, Mr. Sandy5, Mr, Kynzjfvz, Mr. Which cot, Mr*

Lyster, Mr. More, Colonel Cvrnzvrdtis, Mr. Fel hives,

Mr. Obrien, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Nor they,

Mr. Gybbon, Lord Entemrn, Mr. Ellis, Lord Milton,

Mr. Digby, Mr. Sco!t, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir John Cust,

Sir John CroJJ'e, Mr. Olmius, Lord Digby, Mr. Medli-cot, Mr. Garth r and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West- mar eland.

Wye

Bridge

ti Hay*

29 Geo. II. 15 0 Jam361

tnoreland, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of thoic whole Names are thereunto fub-ferihed, being several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Clirow, and other Parishes lying near thereto,

in the County of Radnor, and also of the Town of Hay, and other Parishes lying near thereto, in the County of Brecon: And also,

A Petition of those whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Hay, and other Parishes lying near thereto, in the County of Brecon, and also of the Parish of Clirow, and of other Parishes lying near thereto, in the County of Radnor;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there has been a Ford, Time immemorial, used through the ltiver^ve, leading to and from a certain common high Road in the said Parish of Clirozv, in the said County of Radnor, from 2nd

to the said Town of Hay, in the said County of Brecon; which becoming dangerous, and often impalpable, and many Persons having lost their Lives by attempting to pass the same at high Water, several of the Petitioners, and others, about Eight Years since, entered into a Subscription for building a Bridge across the said River, from the Entrance into the said high Read, to the said Town of Hay; and that a large Abutment Wall on the BrecknockJJiire Side, and Part of Three Piers, were erected at the Expence of about Three hundred Pounds, and are still lying in the said River, though in some Degree damaged by the Floods; and that Sir William Fowler Baronet has a Pay Boat or Ferry over the said River, about a Quarter of a Mile above the said Ford and new intended Bridge, and owns the Lands on both Sides the high Road adjoirfing to the said ' River, on the Radnorshire Side, for a considerable Distance; and also claims a small Strip of waste Land by the said River Side, which Only appears at low Water, as being within his Lordship; over a small Part whereof, just at the Entrance into the said high Road, the said Bridge was proposed to be built; but the said Sir William Agent obstructed

the building thereof, and donied Leave to go on with the fame; and that the said Town of Hay is separated from the said County of Radnor only by the said River Wye, which, at very high Water, cuts off all Communication between the said Town and County for many Miles, it being at such times not only dangerous, but frequently tmpofiible, for the said Boats to pass: And alleging, that the building and completing the said Bridge would remedy many Mischiefs and Inconveniencies, and be of great Advantage to the Public; and that some of the Petitioners have caused many Applications to be made to the said Sir William Fowler and his Agents, for Cun lint to build the said Bridge; and have offered, and are willing, to take any Term of Years of his Estates adjoining to the said River, in the said Parish of Clirow, at a considerable advanced Rent, to commence on the Completion of the said Bridge; but that the said Sir William has utterly rejected

nil such Applications: And therefore (the Petitioners finding it wholly impracticable to proceed with the said Bridge, and to have the same completed without the Authority of Parliament) praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building the said Bridge with Stone, as already begun; and that such Toll or Pontage may be taken lor passing over the said Bridge, and for such Time or Number of Years as shall be thought needful for railing Money for building the said Bridge, and fa-ttslying the said Sir William Fowler, and all other Persons who may be injuicd thereby.

Vet.. 27.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House t

And they are referred to Mr. Cwynne, Mr. Lysler, Mr Nortl/ey, Mr. Baynlun, Mr. Prewje Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Strange, Mr.

Air. Campbell, Mr. Battles, Sir Charles lyric. Sir

Willoughby A Jinn, Mr. Ellis, Lord George , Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Hardinge, Colonel Cornzvallis, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Forrefller, Mr. Calvert, Mr.

More, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Palmer, Mr. bon, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Fe/iozves, Mr. West, Lord Milton, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Cufl, Colonel Haldane, Sir John Mordauttt, Lord Downe, Mr. Garth, Mr. Willey,

Sir James Creed, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Walter-, and all the Members who ll-rve for the Counties of Hereford, Salop, Monmouth, Gloucester, and Wore flier, and for the Principality of Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are there- Portland, Unto subscribed, appointed to act as Trustees by the Inha- hbaml bitants of the Island of Portland, for building a Church Clmrcl,‘ there, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have made some Prog refs in the Execution of the Trull committed to their Charge, and Part of the said Church hath been construcded; but that the Monies necessary for finiftring the said Church, and laying out and inclosing a Cemetery thereto, according to the Agreement of the said Inhabitants, cannot be raised, and the said Church completed, and the said Cemetery laid out and inclosed, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for railing and appropriating the Monies agreed by the said Inhabitants to be raised and appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid, and effectually to carry into Execution the Intention of the said Inhabitants, in such manner as the House shall think proper*

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Content, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ellis, Sir John Crojfle, Lord Milton, Mr. Kynaston, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. 'Tucker, Mr. Hill, Sir Conyers Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Onslow, Mr. West, Mr. Prowfle, Mr. B a tikes,

Mr. Selwyn, Lord Strange, Sir Francis Poole, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Montagu, Colonel , Sir

John Philipps, Mr. White, Mr. Flore, Mr. Reynolds,

Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Talk cl, Mr. Lyjler, Mr.

Harris, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Cope, Mr. Fel-/owes, Mr. Baynlun, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Mr. Trjonshend, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Dicker,

Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Mr. Nezvnham, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Aldworth, Lord and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Sonnrfet,

Cornwall, Devon, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoonar Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ' Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

APetition of those whoseNames are theretofubferibed, CMe all Merchants in G/nflgow, and Owners or Mailers of Ships

belonging to the Firth and River of Clyde, in behalf of themteives, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Entry into the River Clyde, betwixt the Me of Little in the

4 Z County

York

Suiliii<)£9,

302 150 Jam 1756.

County of Bute, and the South End of the Isle of , is extremely dangerous for Shipping to approach in the Night-time, whereby considerable Losses have happened, which in all Probability would have been prevented, had there been a proper Lighthouse fixed at the Mouth of the said Entry: And alleging, that such a Lighthouse, erected and maintained on the Isle of Little time

to come, would not only be of singular Use to the Merchant Ships, but to Ships of War passing and repairing that Way; and that the Navigation of the of Clyde is very inconvenient and dangerous by reason of Shoals, and through the Want of proper Beacons and Sea Marks; and that as there is no Fund at present for defraying the necessary Expence of such useful Undertakings, the Petitioners are willing that their Shipping upon foreign Voyages should pay One Penny for each Ton outward?, and the same Sura homewards, and their Coasting Vessels Half the said Sums, for erecting and maintaining the said Lighthouse, and for rendering the Navigation of the said Firth more commodious; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for erecting, maintaining, and supporting, a Lighthouse in the aforesaid island of Little Cttmbra, and for rendering the Navigation in the Firth of Clyde more lafe and commodious, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it referred to Colonel , Lord George

Sackville, Mr. White, Mr. PColonel Cornwallis, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Strange, Lord Milton, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Barnard, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Mr. Nor they, Mr.

Bayntun, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Whichcot, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Obrien, M. Fellowes, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Crowle, Lord Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Brudeue/l, Mr. , Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Watson, Doctor Hay, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Mr. Affleck, Mr.

George Grenville, Mr. Medlicolt, Mr. Lord Downe, Mr. HiJ/ej;and all the Members who lerve for North

Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors and Inhabitants of York Buildings, in the Pari ill of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of Midd/sfex, was p re fen ted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Terrace Walk, and a Stone Edifice called the Watergate, adjoining to the River of Thames, and belonging to the said Buildings, and the Walls, Steps, Gates, and Rails, of the said Terrace Walk and Edifice, are so greatly gone to Decay, that it will require a considerable Sum ot Money to pull down, remove, rebuild, and repair, the lame; and that the Petitioners are very desirous to raile Money sufficient, by an adequate Tax to be levied amongst themselves, for the Purposes aforesaid; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bill to enable tire present and future Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in the said Buildings to make and levy a Rate on themselves lor railing Money sufficient to answer the Expence of pulling down, removing, rebuilding, and repairing, such Parts of the Premises as shall be adjudged ne-ceilary, or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall fecin meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel CormvaUis, Sic-John

Crojfe, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Me. N-rtly,

Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prod or. Lord George Sack viler, Vlr. Hardinge, Mr. Painter, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Mr.

Oswald, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Mr.

ris, Mr. Crowle, Mr. White', Mr. Fazakerley, Lord M-i-ton. Sir John Philipps, Mr. York-e, Lord Pulteney, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. More, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hid, ColebrooLc, Sir Henry Erjkinc, Mr. Dodbgton, Mr. fleck, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Med-licet/, Mr. Nugent-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Essex, and Hertford, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westmins'teris referred.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of bury, in the County of Salop, whose Names a;e thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Town* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Streets and Lancs within the said Town are so numerous and extensive, and the Pavements thereof so torn and broken up, that they' cannot, by the Laws now in being, be kept in any tolerable Order and Condition; and that the Mayor and Corporation have usually applied the Sum of Thirty Pounds annually, out of their general Stock or Income, towards the Repair thereof; and are for the future willing to apply the Sum of Forty-five Pounds yearly for the same Purpose; but even that Sum will not be sufficient to put and keep the said Streets and Lanes in such good Order and Repair as they ought to be kept; and that the cleaning and enlightening of the said Streets and Lanes, and keeping of a well-regulated Watch within the said Town, would be of great Use and Importance, and tend to the Suppression of many Disorders therein, and to the Preservation of the Persons and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, and all others relorting the reto: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable and oblige the Mayor and Corporation of the said Town of Shrewsbury to pay and apply the Sum of Forty-five Pounds yearly, out of their general Stock and Revenues, towards the Repair of the Streetsand Lanes within the said Town; and also to enable the Mayor and Justices of the Peace of the Laid Town, and Liberties thereof, in Conjunction with the principal Inhabitants in each Parish within the said Town, to order the further and better repairing of the said Streets and Lanes, and the cleaning and enlightening of the fame, and to appoint a Watch, at such Times, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper; and that the Money to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid, over and above the said yearly Sum of Forty-five Pounds, may be raised by a Rate to be made upon the Inhabitants of such Part of the said Town, and Suburbs thereof, as shall receive Benefit thereby, or by such other Ways and Means, or in such other Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. More, Mr. Mr. Lyjler, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pelham,

Lord Pulteney, Mr. Salisbury, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Northey, Mr. White, Mr. , Mr.

Thornhagh, Sir John Cud, Mr. Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Parker, Mr. Webb, Mr.- , Lord

Malpas, Mr. Sandys^ Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mr.

Monson, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Crowle, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Harris, Lord Strange, Mr. Obrien,

Mr.

Charing

Crois

Improvement.

Shrewsbury

Street.

Shrew (bury to

Church

Strettori

Hauls.

Sow

Iudoiure.

29 Geo. II. Januarii. 363

Mr. Tiwn/htnd, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Douglass, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Crefivell, Mr. WilkinfonMr. Sir John

Wynne, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Bayntitn, Mr. Martin, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Bo Mr. Medtim, Mr.

Campbell-, and all the Members who servefor the Counties of Salop and Hereford, and for the Principality of Wales t And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in or near the Towns of and Church Stretton, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the high Roads leading from Coleham Bridge,-\n the Town of Shrewsbury, to the Mar-

ket Place in the Town of Church Stretton, and from and out of the said Road at or near the Smith’s Shopon Bay-ston Hill to the Top of LythwoodHill, and from a Place near Pulley Common, on the same Road, to the May Pole

in Condover; and from Coleham aforesaid, through

Welbach, to Longden, in the County of Salop-, are, in the Winter Season, very ruinous, and, in several Parts thereof, very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, Thr.t the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. More, Mr. Hill, Lord pliit, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Nugent, Lord Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sir John Philipps,

Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Prozvfe, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Northey, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Wkichcot, Mr. Hardinge. Sir John Cujl, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lockyer,

Mr. Fazakerlcy, Sir George Lyttelton, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Webb, Lord Strange, Lord Parker, Mr. Monson, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Crefivell, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Mr.

viiie, Mr. Harris, Mr. Amyan Mr. Townshend, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Pitt, Mr. SelwynMr. Rigby, Mt, Campbell, Mr. BoJ'c.iiven, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gore-, and all the

Members who lave for the Counties of and ford, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of Richard Lowe, Vicar of the Parish Church of Sow, in the Parish of and of Wil-

liam Wale, John Shaw, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the open and common Fields, common Failures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of Sow, in the County of Warwick aforesaid, and in the County of the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Lands of the Petitioners lie intermixed and dif-perfect over the said Fields in small Parcels, and are inconveniently situated in respect to the Habitations of the Occupiers thereof, and are thereby rendered of little Value to the respective Proprietors, and incapable of Improve-

ment; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous that the said Fields may be divided and inclol'ed, and fpc cifieSharesallotted to each Proprietor, according to his ln-terefttherein; but that although such Division and Inclosure will greatly tend to the Advantage of all Parties concerned, and be of public Utility, yet the same cannot be efte&uaHy established without the Aid of Parliament:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said common Fields, commonPaftures, waste Grounds, andcommonabic^ands, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Cartzvright and Mr. Prowse do prepare, and bring in, the fame. , .

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Per- Willoughby fons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, Hedge and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the Ro*d* Eighteen Mile Stone, about Half a Mile beyond Willoughby Hedge, in the Parish of Bah Knoylt, in the County of Wilts, through the Town of Mere, in the said County of Wilts; and from thence, through the Town of Win'

canton, in the County of Somerset, to the Parish Church of Charlton Houthorn, in the County of Somerset-, also the Road leading from Withmgkby Hedge to the West End of Long Lane, in the Parish of Kilmington in the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from the Town of Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Castle Hill, in the Road to Ansford, in the said County of Somerset;was presented to the House, and read; set-

ting forth, That the said Roads are very ruinous, and cannot be effectually amended by the Laws in being:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Roads, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Prowse, Colonel Cornwallis,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Obrien, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Hamilton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Harris, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Sartdys, Mr. Fellozves,

Mr. Onjlozv, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Nugent, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. More, Mr. Fazakerlcy, Mr. Gwynne, Lord Strange,

Lord Bateman, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Lafcclles, Sir John Turner, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Philipps, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Rigby, Mr.

Colebrooke, Mr. Northey, Mr. Vyner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, -set, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Oswald, from the Commissionen for Trade and Colony of

Plantations, presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Georgia. Command, an Estimate of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1755 to the 24th of June 1756.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

An ESTIMATE of the civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the feme, from the 24th of June 1755, to the 24th of 1756.

To the Salaries of the Governor, and other Officers and Magistrates, established in the Colony To an Allowance to a Ministerof the Church of England established at Savannah To the Salaries of Two Schooimafte'rs, One at , and at Vernonburgh and Alton

Vol. 27.

£- s. d. 1,620 — —

l°-----

32-----

To

Non

Scotia.

Ncene

Ki\er.

34 6 15° — 166 Januarii. " 1756.

To an Allowance to the Pilot lUtioned at the Mouth of Savannah Ritfer, with a Boat and sufficient £. s. <1. Hands - - - - -50 — - —

To repairing the public Buildings, entertaining Indians, and other contingent Expences - - 433 10 —

To the Salary of an Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony - - . - 350--

To a Continuance of the Provisions made by the late Trustees for purchasing, from the Growers, the Balls or Cocoons of raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of

it

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved. That the Return, which, upon the 13th Day of January 1755, was made to the House, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to an Order of the House of the 13th Day of the same Month, for laying before this House an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift Day of January 1754 to the 31st Day of December following, might be read.

And- the same was read accordingly.

And the House being informed. That the Account mentioned in the said Order and Return is now made up;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January 1754 to the 31st of December following.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January 1733 to the 31st of December following.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of t he Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova , for the Year 1756.

And tljen the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16° die "Januarii;

Anno 29* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756. Prayers.

\ PETITION of the Commissioners for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament now in Force, for making the River Ntene, alias Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, the one made and passed in the I2rh Year of the Reign of her Jate Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the River Nene alias Nine, running from Northampton to Peterborough) navigable, the other made in the nth Year of the Heign of his lat<f Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the said former Act; and of the Land Owners, and Occupiers of Estates adjoiningupon tha Cud River, on the West Side Fhrapston Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and also of the several Inhabitants of the several Market Towns of Northampton, Higham Fmers, and Wellingborough, in the County aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the iloule, and read; ter ling forth. That the said River hath Communication with the Sea Ports of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and IVisbeach, in the Isle of Ely, and County of CamF, idge, and is now made navigable from thence up to a Bridge called Fhrapston Bridge, in the said County of Northampton \ and is very capable of being made navigable from ihe f.iid lafe-mentioned Place to the said down ot Northampton^ but that the said Commission-rrs arc not enabled to complete the Navigation on the said River, up to the said Town of Northampton^ for want gf

- 1,000 —

l- .3-557

aa. 1-----1----- aa

several Powers tiecessary for that Purpose And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Two several Acts of Parliament; and for the granting unto the now Commissioners, and such others as the House shall please to nominate or appoint, and their Successors, to be elected according to the Directions of the said former Acts, such Powcs and Authorities for (he Purposesaforesaid, and for making Orders, By-laws, Rules, and Regulations, for earring on and completing the said Navigation, as to the House shall item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Mr.

LeveJon Gower, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Trite,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Moore, Mr. N Mr. Palmer, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. ton, Mr. Cope, Mr. More, Lord Strange, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Roy ft on, Mr. Monfan, Mr Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Calvert, Mr. lorke, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Sandy's, Mr. Cun life, Sir Robot Ladbrooke, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Digby, Mr. Alderman Dickhifon, Lord Parker, Mr. Bold, Mr. Blac.0 well, Mr. Pye, , Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Finch, Mr. Thursby, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Eger ton. Lord North, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Rowney, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Dicker, Sir Charles Kemys Fynte, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Colonel Mor daunt, Mr. Dickson, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fucker, Mr. Aldworth, Sir John Crosse, Lord Middleton, Mr. Campbell \ and a.I Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Bucks, Oxford, Cambridge, Lincoln, and Rutland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shreuf-bury, through ElieJ’mere, in the County of Salop, and Over-ton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and also several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing upon or near the Roads therein after-ruentioned, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Sum of/. i,coo has been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, and great Prcgrds is already made in repairing the said Road; but; the Trustees being prohibited from borrowing any more Money, the same cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair: And further setting forth, that the several Roads leading from the said Turnpike Road to the End of Cotton Wood, in the Parish of IVcm, and from the said Turnpike Road to the Town of Ruabon, and also so much of the Road from the said Turnpike Road to Ojwefry, a* lies between Ellesmere and the Road from Ofwcfry to Wrexham, and to the End of the Lane leading through Hammer, to the Entry of the Road leading from Bangor to IP hit church t are in many Parts very narrow and ruinous, and scarce patlable for Carriages in the Summer Time, and cannot be amended and kept in Repair without the further Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, "I hat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging I he Terms and Powers of the said Act, or to grant fueft other Relict as the House flniii think proper.

Ordered,

SI,rr»fc*ry

tiirrwiwh

L'oai-

tCcwton

Lciofure.

Leicester,

Ac.

Roads.

29 Geo. II. t Januarii.363

t . r

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they dp examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame) as it shall appear to them, to the House: - .;

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaftori, Mr. Lord

HiUfmough, Mr. Baton, Mr. Mr. Gafhry, Mr.

Cartwright, Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Dig by % Mr.

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Foley, Lord Roy/ton, Mr Mr.

Felloxves, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mr. Eger ton. Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Moore, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Leveson Gower, Lord

Mr. Pinch, Mr. Earle* Mr. , Mr. Stoper. Lord

Verney, Mr. Pen ton, Mr. Forrefiet, Mr. Pye, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Drake, Sir Mordnunt,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sir

Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Sandy s, Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Brudetiell, Mr. Co/ebrceke, Colonel Bofcatcen, Mr. Toivttjhend, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Phillipps , and all

the Members who lervefor the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Chester, Hereford, and Worcester, and for the Principality cf Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And

have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, in the open and Common Fields of Newton, in the Parish of Clifton upon Dunfmore, in the County of Warwick, was prelected to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are podefied of several Estates in the said open and common Fields, which lie intermixed and dispersed over the whole Fields in small Parcels; by means whereof great Inconconveniencies arile to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Lands, and the same are thereby rendered incapable of Improvement in their present Situation; and alleging, that the said common and open Fields are very proper to be inclosed, and would be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said open and common Fields, according to every Pe.rfon’s Right in the fame*

Ordered, That L?4ve be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl of HilUborough and the Lord Royston do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A.Petition of the Trustees, whole frames are thereunto subscribed, appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough; and frotn

to Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge ', and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon-, and from Coventry to Martyn s Gutter, leading towards Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from ccsler to Ashby de la Zoitch, in the county of ;

for putting the said Act in Execution, lo far as the same relates to the repairing that Part of the Road in the said Act mentioned, which leads from the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leieefer, to the Town of Nuneaton, and from thence, through the Paddies of Coton and

Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to Bishops Cate in the City of Coventry; was pre fen ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have taken up at Interest the Sum of f. 1,500 upon the-Credit of their Tolls, and have nearly expended the same in repairing and widening the Road within their Distrid; but that the Tolls already granted, and the Money borrowed, or which can be borrowed, upon the Credit thereof, will not be fu/ficient tp complete the Reparation of the said Roads; and that one great Design of the said Act of Parliament, in opening a free Communication between the Eastern and Western Parts o.‘ the Kingdom, will be frustrated, unless feme other Tolls and further Powers be granted by Parliament for making the Lid Ad more effectual; Vci. 27,

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said. Petition-be referred to th6 Consideration of a. Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred, to Lord Hillfbotough, Lord Royston,

Lord Parker, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Sir IVm.

fhanip Procior, Mr . Boyntun, Mr. Nor thy, Mr. Falcives,

Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Mr.

Cartwright, Mr.. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Kynafioti,

Lord, Strange, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Eger tori,

Mr. Probyn, Mr. filar tun, Mr. Onslow, Sir Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Earle, Mr Mr»

Verrlbn, Mr. Huffey, Mr. Calvert, Mr Col let on, Mr.

More, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Godolphin, Mr Philiipfon, Mr. Drake, Mr. Gore, Mr,

Pitt, is'ir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr.

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick and Leicester I , And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers', and Records*

A Petition of the right honourable William Earl of Houghton,

Strafford, Lord of the Manors of Boughton and Pisford, . in the County of Northampton, on behalf of himself, and nc° Ure* the other Proprietors of Lands in the several open and common Fields in the said respective Manors, was pre: lented to the House, and read; letting forth, That', within the said Manors, are several open and common Fields belonging to the Petitioner, and others, lying intermixed and dispersed in (mail Parcels, which rende’ them incapable of Improvement; artd alleging, tha the inclosing the said open and common Fields will be of great Advantage to the relpeiftive Proprietors, who are ddirous that it should be done; but that the same cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said common Fields within the several Manors and Parishes of Boughton and Pisford, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Henry Vernon and Mr. Leveson Gower do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of divers Ferj Bedford Lands and low Grounds lying in that Part of the Great LLfvel

/ j Jf2in8f pi

Level of the Fens called the South Level, between Bran- don River on the South, and the River Wijfcy bn the North, bounded on the West by the RiVer Ouze, and on the East by the Uplands of Nonvoid, , Felt well, HockwoUl, and Wilton, in the County of Norfolk-, and alfu in that Part of the said Level, which is North of the River Wif'ey, was presented to the House, and read j setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, and divers other Owners and Proprietors, lying within th£

Limits above-mentioned, have been for iome Years past, and dill are, greatly annoyed with Water, lb as to be rendered of very little or no Value, to the great Damage and Impoveriftiment of the Owners of such Lands, and-of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places where the same do lie; and that the same cannot be effectually drained and preserved without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes.

APetition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, j);^ of the Company of Contervators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, was also

presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the preceding Petition, and letting forth, That many Hundred Acres o i Adventure Land, lying within the District

proposed to be drained by the Bill applied for by the said

f A Petition,

Bedford

Level

Drainage.

366 i 6°$anuarii. ^1756.

Petition, are vested in the Petitioners; and at present yield little or no Profit; and alleging; that it will be greatly for the Advantage of the said Corporation, that such inverted Lands should be sold for the best Prices which can be gotten for the fame, subject to the Taxes which shall be charged thereon by virtue of the Acts of the 15th and noth of King Charles the Second; and that it will be also for the Benefit of the Petitioners, as well as the other Owners and Occupiers of the Lands lying within the said District, that a Bill Ihowld pass for draining the fame; And therefore praying. That such Bill may pass into a Law j and that the Petitioners may be impowered to (ell all the Adventure Lands vested in them, lying within the said District, and alto to pay the Taxes which shall be imposed by such Bill upon the said inverted Lands, till the same shall be fold.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them,.to the House:

And they are referred to Lord Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Cufl, Mr. , Mr. Burrell,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. , Mr. Lyjler, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Garth, Sir Frauds Drake, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Bond, Mr. Fane, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Salujlury, 'Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Moore, Mr. EgMr. Forrefler, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. John Yorke, Sir fVm. Beauchamp Proflor, Sir John Crosse, Sir Charles Mar daunt,

Mr. Yorke, Lord Strange, Mr. Finch, Mr. Gore, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir Robert Ladbrovke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr; Cocks, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hu, Mr. Mr,

Robinson, Mr. Barbor, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Lionel Pliking!on; and all the xMcmbers who lerve for the Counties ot Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Suffolk, Northamp-

ton, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of chc Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lords of several Manors, and of the Owners and Proprietors of certain low Fen Lands, called the Washes, therein-after particularly mentioned and deferred, whole Names arc; thereunto set, lying and being within the several Parishes of with Erith, in the County of Huntingdon, and Sutton, Ely,

Whichford, Wentworth, Coveney, and Downlutnt, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, Was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners are Owners, or greatly interested as Lords of the said Manors, or some of them, of and in certain low Fen Lands lying within the several Parishes aforesaid, and within the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, containing in the Whole 1,700 Acres, or thereabouts, beginning at the Old Bedford Bank, in the said County of Huntingdon, and from thence over the Old Bedford River, below the Nine Holes Sluice, to Erith Drove, and from thence, by the

laid Drove, along the upper End of Bluntifliam School Ground or Walh, to the Hundred Feet or New Bedford River, and from thence, by the West Side of the said last mentioned River, to Richard Harrifoids Walh, below Ox Willow Load; the greatest Part of which laid Fen Lands, for several Years part, have been overflowed with Water, through the unavoidable Defect of the Outfall to Sea, and are become very uncertain, and of small Value, and are likely so to continue, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, unless the House will impower the Petitioners to make a small Bank along the said Boundaries of the said low Fen Lands, to keep out the Tides and small Freshes from the lame: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises under Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief for the better Preservation and Dr&ining of the said Fen lands, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Two preceding Petitions are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

' i

A Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Comir.cnalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level the Fens, carted Bedford 'Level, was presented ito the House, and read; reciting Part of an AdY, made in the 27th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Chmpany of Conservators of the Level if the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Level, Part of the said Great Level, to railc Money to discharge

’ 7 t e O

the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and forascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to belaid onr the said North; and for the more effectual draining and preferring the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Cropland; whereby it was, amongst other things, enacted, That the said Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, and their Successors, and all the Lands, Taxes. Rents, and Revenues, of the said Corporation, should be absolutely discharged from the Sum of Eighteen thousand Nine hundred and Thirteen Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln, in Part of a Debt of Forty-nine thousand One hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, owing by the said Corporation at th6 Time of making the said Act; and that, after Payment of the Sum of Eighteen hundred Pounds, to be raised, in manner directed by the said Act, from the taxable Lands lying within tire laid North Level, and applied in Discharge of the Proportion of the said North Level, in the Residue of the said Debt of Forty-nine thoul'and One hundred and Fifty-three PoundsEleven Shillings and Nine Pence, the said North L, and the Lands, Tenements, Rents, Taxes, and Revenues thereof, should be discharged from the Residue of the said Debt, and all Interest payable in respect thereof; and that the said North Level should not be subject to the Payment of any Debt, which should at any time thereafter be contradict! on account- of the Middle and South Levels (other Part of the' said Great Level), or either of them; and also that the said Middle and South Levels, os either of them, should not be liable to the Payment of any Debt, which should, at any time thereafter, be contracted on account of the said North Level; and letting forth. That £. 1800 hath been raised and applied by the said Corporation, according to the Directions of the said Act; and that so much of the said Debt of Forty-nine thousand One hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, as now remains due, is, by the said Act, become a Charge upon the said Middle and South Levels only; but the same being secured by Bonds under the Seal of the said Corporation, entered into before making the said Act, it is therefore necessary to exchange the said Bonds, and to mention, in the new Bonds to be given in lieu thereof, that the Money secured thereby is due from the said Middle and South Levels only; and it is also become necessary to distinguish, in all future Bonds to be given for any Money which may hereafter be borrowed by the said Corporation, whether the Monty so borrowed be upon Account of the said Middle and South Leveor upon Account of the said North Level\and further set ting forth. That the said Corporation having it in their Power, under the ACfo of the 15th and 20th of King the Secohd, relating to the said Great Level, either to-charge such of the taxable Lands as lie within the said Middle and South , with very small Taxes, or not to tai the same at all, the Securities,'which the Creditors of the said Corporation now have for their respective Debts, are uncertain; and therefore it is necessary that Provision should be made for establishing a certain- and lufficiem Fund- for Payment of the said Debts; as also for feOuf ing such further Sums as the said Corporation ifiay Have Gecasion to borrow for the Support and Preservation of the said Middle tend South Levels: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for exchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds-payable out- of the said

Middle

Bedford

Level

Corporation

Bonds,

29 Geo. II.

16° Jamarii.

Middle and South Levels, and for establishing a Fund for Payment of the Sums due upon such Bonds, and for enabling the said Corporation to borrow ..such-further Sums as shall be necessary for the Support and Preservation of the said North Level, and of the said, and South Levels> respectively, and for ascertaining the Secu-

rities to be given for the Sums so to be borrowed; or to grant to the Petitioners such other Relief in the Pre-miics as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Mr. , Mr.

Stanley, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Montagu, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Alderman Dickinfun, Mr.

Sir John Cu/l, Mr. Nortkey, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Mr. Charlton, Mr. Vernon, Mr Garth, Mr Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Rob inf on, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. Finch,

Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mordaun Lord Strange, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProEior, Colonel,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. hisbury. Mi. Cooke, Sir John Crosse, Sir Charles Kemys Tyute, Sir Lionel Piikington; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Suffolk, Northampton, and Lincoln: And they are to rr.-st this Altcrnoon at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamb-r: And have Power to fend for Per-lone, Papers, and Records.

SfldlMd,

Arc.

| Court of Coofciencew

l

1

it

ti

J

:a

CSS

is

j*

Jt

i ti<

W

fC

:.v<

id

A Petition of the most noble Edward Duke of Norfolk, and the most honourable the Marquis of Rockingham, and the most honourable March ioness of Rockingham, his Wile, and of Thomas Howard of Norfolk, Esquire, elded Son and Heir of the honourable Howard,

late of Bucknellin the said County of Norfolk, Esquire,

deceased, Brother of the said Duke of Norfolk,

and of divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, Householders, Tradesmen, Artificers, and Refiants, within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of r, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, the Duke of Norfolk, is seised, to him and the Heirs Male of his Body, with Remainder to his Nephew the said Thomas Howard, and the Heirs Male of the Body of his Father, the honourable Philip Howard, deceased, or for some other Estate of Inheritance, with Itemainder to the said Duke, in Fee of and in the said Liberty of Hallamshire", and that the Petitioner the said Duke hath the Execution and Return of all Writs within the said Liberty; and is seised, for the like Estate of Inheritance, with the Remainder, in like manner, to the other Petitioner, the said Thomas Howard, of the Manor of Sheffield, and of divers other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Liberty; and that the Jurisdiction of the said Manor of Sheffield extends over all Parts of the said Liberty (excepting the Hamlet or Byerlow of;

and that the Petitioners, the said Marquis and Marchioness of Rockingham, or their Trustees, are, in her Right, seised

for some Estate of Inheritance of the Manor of the Jurisdiction whereof extends over the said Hamlet or Byerlow of Ecclesall, which is contiguous to the said Town of Sheffield, and is within the said Liberty of Hal-lamshire; and that (he Petitioner, the said Duke of Norfolk, and his Ancestors and Predecessors, have, for Time immemorial, as Lords of the said Manor of Sheffield; held a Court Baron every Three Weeks, or so often as was requisite, for the said Manor of Sheffield, at the said i Town of Sheffield; and the Petitioners, the said Marquis and Marchioness of Rockingham, and the Predecessors of the said Marchioness, have, in like manner, from Time' immemorial, held a Court Baron for the said Manor of Ecclesall, within the said Hamlet or Byerlow of Ecclesall, near to the said Town of Sheffield; in which several Courts; Plea hath l}.een constantly held jn all Actions personal arising within the Jurisdiction of the said leve-ral Courts, where the Debt or Damages have becti under Vot. 27;

i , 1 - m

Forty Shillings; but that the Method of compelling Debtors, and other Persons,. to appear to such Actions, is, in both the said Courts, by Summons and Distress infinite'> which is not only a vpry dilatory, but often art ineffectual, Method for that End; afld that the Fees and-Sixpences in prosecuting Causes to Judgment in, the said Court Baron of Sheffield, and oftentimes afterwards, when such Causes are removed up to superior Courts, are very-heavy and chargeable; whereby, and by means of the Dilatoriness of the before-mentioned Proceedings, lionest Creditors are discouraged from attempting to recover the Debts due to them; and thereby many evil-disposed Persons, who have contracted several Debts within the said Liberty, are encouraged, though able, to refuse or delay the Payment thereof, and set their Creditors at Defiance*; and that, for those Reasons, several of the Petitioners have applied to the said Duke, for his Consent to fome1 proper Method for regulating, the Proceedings, and-amending the Defects, which so attend the prosecuting of Caules to Judgment in the said Court; and tliit thd Petitioner, the said Duke, hath readily given his Consent thereto, and even agreed to be at the foie Expence of an. Application to Parliament for those Purposes, so far as the same can be effected without subverting, or derogating from the Jurisdiction of the said Court, or prejudicing the fame; and that the Petitioners, the Marquis ana Marchioness of Rockingham, have also consented that the same Regulations should take place, with respect to the Proceedings, and the amending of the Defects, which so' attend the prosecuting of Caules to Judgment in the said Court Baron of Ecclesall: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the said several Court# Baron, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.'

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it* shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Finch, Mr. Mfr

More, Mr Walpole, Lord Royjlott, Mr. Onfloiu, Mr. Prowflj

Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Cust, Mr. Earle, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Kent, Mr. i Hammond, Sir John CrMr. Tucker, Mr.

Bridgman, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr. Hardinge i

Lord Milton, Mr. Tyner, Mr. lotke, Mr. y

Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Alderman JDlckinson, Mr.

Mr. Cooke, Sir Wm, Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Bayntuh1, Mr. Lockytr, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr.. Sandys, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Drake, Mr. Pye, General St. Clair, Mr. Gore, Sir Henry E, Mr. Pitt, Mr. byn, Mr. Martin, Mr. Townshend, Mr. LafcelUs', Mr.' Nugent, Mr. Thomas Howard, Mr. Lyfler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Fork, Derby, Chef ter, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Records.

A Petition of the right honourable Daniel Earl of Win-chelsea and Nottingham, the most noble Catherine Duchess Dbwager of DeVonshire* Woolfey Johnfoit, John;

Edward Dayrell, and William Affleck, Clerks, GoVefabrs of-

Samt Ann's Hospital at Oakham, in the County of Alice Reeves Widow, George Parker, Sarah Parker, William Collingwood, Thomas Rippitt, Nicholas Tozvelf Thoma't Carter, Francis Preston, and Thomas Carter Millet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there arc divers Parcels of Land and Ground lying Operi and uninclosed in the common Fields of Egglettm, other- wife Edgslont, within the Manor or Lord ship of in the said County, which contain together 844 Acres jf* Roods and 17 Perches, or thereabouts', in which the Owri-ers and Proprietors of the said Lands and Grounds, and ' also the Owners of certain Cottages within the said Manor; have Right of Common for their Cattle at Certain Time's in the Year, by a certain Stint and Prhpbrtihn; and that the Petitioner, the Earl of Winchelsea and Nottingham’; ii Lord of the said Manor, and OwnAr of divers Parcels-of Freehold Land lying in, and being Part of, the said

common

Eg»Ictaa

Inclosure.

l

Ludlotf

Roads.

Januarih

A. 1756.

common Fields, containing together about 795 Acres and 23 Perches; and also possessed of divers Parcels of Land lying in the said common Fields, held by Lease Or Leases of the Dean and Chapter of for the

Residue of a Term of Twenty-one Years, and containing together about 39 Acres a Hoods, and 27 Perches; artd also of Two Third Parts of the Tythes of the Lands lying in the said common Fields, held by virtue of and under the same Lease or Leases for the Residue of the said Term; and that the said Dean and Chapter, in Right of their said Church, are entitled to the llevcrfion and Inheritance of the said Parcels of Lands and Tythes last mentioned, expedant on the Determination of the same Lease or Leases; and that the Petitioner John Williams, as Vicar of the Parish Church of Oakham aforesaid, is entitled to the other Third Part of the Tythes of the said common Fields, in Right of his Church j and that the Governors of St. /Inns Hospital at Oakham aforesaid, are seised of Lands lying in, and being Part of, the said common Fields, containing about 10 Acres and 7 Perches; and that the several other Petitioners before-named, being Owners of certain ancient Cottages within the said Manor, are each of them, in respect of the said Cottages, entitled to One Cow Common and Five Sheep Commons in the said common Fields; and that the said several Lands lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels in and over the said common Fields, and are motVof them inconveniently situated, and, so long as they lie open and unmcloled, are of small Value, and incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said common Fields should be inclosed and divided; and that after setting out and allotting certain Parts there of to and for the said Dean and Chapter, and the said Earl of chelsea, their Lessee, in lieu of, and as an Equivalent for, the Tythes so belongiogto them, and to the several Owners of the said ancient Cottages, as a Composition for their Right of Common respectively, the re It of the Lands in the said common Fields may be assigned and allotted to and for the several Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Properties in the said common Fields; and that all Tythes and Right of Common arising, and to be had and enjoyed, in the said Field, shall ceale and be eXtinguished;-but that although such Inclosure and Division would be greatly for the Benefit of the Petitioners, and of public Utility, yet the same cannot be effected to answer the Intention of the Parties, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said common Fields of Eggleton'as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.. Bayntunand Mr. Edward Finch do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Edward Herbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in and about the Town of in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subsc'ribed, wa* referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Robert Bar doe Esquire, being examined, said, That he knows the several Roads, mentioned in the said Petition, are common Highways, and greatly frequented; and, by reason of the many hfeay, Carriages passing thereon, arc become very ruinous and bad, and dangerous for Travel-ler»5 and that he thinks the said; Roads cannot be repaired by the Ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

Sir Francis Charlton Baronet, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence in every Particular.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of

Ludlow, in the County of Salop: And that Mr. Edward Herbert, Mr: Bridgman, and Earl of Shelburne, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Forrester reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Bnrgelfes, and Inhabitants, in and about the Town of , in

the County of Salop, whole Names are thereunto subscribed 1 and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Burgcfl'cs, and Inhabitants, of the 'town Brcfeley, in the Franchise of in the County of

Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had dmiLd him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House-. anti he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read i and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition?;

A Member, preterit at the Committee, laid. That the several Roads, described in the said Petitions, are, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, become Very deep and ruinous, and, in many Parts, very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be effectually amended and widened by the present Methods prescribed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market I Joule in the Town of Much Wenlock, in the county of : And that Mr.

Forrtfter and Mr. Brooke Forrester, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Orders made by the House, upon Friday the 14th Day of November tail, for keeping the Passages through the Streets, between Temple-bar and WestmitijlerHall, tree and open, that the Passage

of the Members to and from the House be not obtlructed, during the Times therein mentioned; and for preventing Disorders and Annoyances in Westminster Haiti and the Passages leading to the House; and of proper Methods lor the better Execution thereof; and to make Report thereupon to the House; That the Committee had accordingly considered the said Orders, and had come to several llesolutions; which they had -directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Constables in Waiting do take eare^ that no Chairmen do Hand on the Steps leading to the Court of Requells, and from thence to the Lobby of the House of Commons, or in the Passages tiom Hall

to the Old Palace Yard, below the said Steps; and that no Chairmen be permitted to bring any Chairs into the said Passage.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Street between Chairing Crojsand the Admiralty

Office, leading to this House, is too narrow, and ought to be repaired and widened; which would prevent many Obstructions in passing to, and repafiing from, this House.

The said Relblufions being fereraily read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Second of the said llcsolutions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses,-of the Town of Shrewsbury, in Common Council atfembed, under their Common Seal, was prefeftted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Streets and Lanes within the said Town are so numerous and extensive, and the Pavements thereof so torn and broken up, that they cannot, by the Laws now in -being, be kept and maintained

Wenlock,

Sec.

Roads.

Obftm&ofti in Pdflaoet to the House.

Shrewlbmj

Streets.

White Sheet Hiu Road.

29 Geo. II. 16° Januarii. 30^9

in any tolerable Order and Condition*, and that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgciibs, have, of their free Will, for Ibvenii Years pall, expended conluierabie Sums out of their Revenues in amending the (event! Streets and Pavements within the said Town, and the Suburbs thereof; and that the paving, cleansing, and enlightening, of the said Streets and Lanes, and keeping a well regulated W atch within the said Town, will be of great Ufeand Importance, and tend to the Suppression of many Disorders therein, and to the Preservation of the Persons and Properties or the Inhabitants thereof, and of all others resorting thereto; and taking Notice, that the Mayor and Corporation of the said Town are willing, for the future, to apply the Sum of £. 45 yearly, forever, towards keeping the said Streets and Lanes in good Order and Repair: And therefore praying. That they may be enabled and obliged, as a Corporation, to pay and apply the Sum of £. 4/p yearly, out of their general Stock, towards the Repair of the Streets and Lanes within the said Town and Suburbs; and that the Mayor and Justices of the Peace of the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, in Conjunction with the principal Inhabitants in each Parish within the Walls of the said Town, may be enabled to order the further and better repairing of the said Streets and Lanes, and the cleaning and enlightening the said Town, and to appoint a Watch at such times, and in such manner, as the House shall think proper; and that the Money to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid, over and above the said yearly Sum of £. 45. be raised pursuant to the Petition of the Inhabitants of the said Town, to the House, for that Purpose, or by such other Ways and Means, or in such other manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Sheivfbury, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Town, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition *, and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s lleign, for repairing and wid riing the Road from the Top ot White Sheet Hilly in the Parish of Donhead St. Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaft floury % Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half Way House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftej,'bury and Sherborne aforesaid; and allb of several Gentlemen and other Persons living near, or

- . u 7

ufuahy travelling through, the said Roads, and the Roads hereafter-mentioned; was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That great Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads; but that the Money granted by the said Act is infufneient effectually to answer the Purposes of repairing and widening the said Roads; and that the said Act has, in several other Respects, been found defective /and that the Payment of the Tolls granted by the said Act, is frequently evaded by Persons passing through a Lane called Piuford Lane, near S her borne \ which Lane, the Petitioners apprehend, it will be necessary to flop up; and that the several Roads leading from the House of Henry Fryer, at a Place called East Corner, in Sherborne aforesaid, to and up CaftUtown Road into Sherborne Road, and irom Alii borne Port to Goat Hill Bridge, and from Samuel Dodimead's House in the Town of Shaftesbury to the Top of the Hill opposite to a Barn in the Parish of ShaftonSt. James, in the Occupation o{ Ethelbert Lawrence-, and from a Place called Butts, in the Parish of Cann, in the County of Dorset, to the House of the reverend Mr. Clarke, in the same Parish; and also the Road from the Corner of Mr. Nicholas's Wall in the Parish of Mat combe, in the County of Dorset, up Dark Lane to the Direction PoJ't at the Cross Way in Shaftesbury; and from

VOL. 27.

thence to the Direction Post opposite to Warmitifter Lane, in the Parish of EaJ't Knoyle, in the County of Wilts\ and also the Road Samuel Wife's new built House in Sherborne to a new-built House in the Parish of CaundU Bishop, in the Possession of Mary Hathway Widow; and, ado the Road from John Bennet's House, near New Well Water, in Sherborne at ore said, to a Cross Way in the Road to Marston Magna, in the County of Somerset, where the Roads divide, to Rhympton and Hummer, and from such Cross Way to Mudford Bridge, and from the said Cross Way to Marston Bridge, in the Parish of Marston Magna-, and also the Road leading from Samnel Wife's new built House aforesaid to Thornford Lane End, and from thence to and through the Parish of Fhornford to the Cross Way at the Entrance into the Parish oiTetminster, in the said County of Dorset; which said several Roads adjoin to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act; are very ruinous, and, in the Winter Season, dangerous for Car- . riages, and, in several Places, too narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the said former Act, for flopping up the said Lane called Pin-ford Lane, and for repairing the aforesaid Roads, in such. Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Oraered, That the said Petition bereferred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the xYIatter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Digby, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Harris, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ojftey, Lord Bateman, Mr. Felkwes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Finch, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Malpas, Mr. Colleton, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wat [on, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Milton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Selwyn Mr. Rigby, Sir John Clift, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, Wilts, and Deacon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Provost, Magi flrafes, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, on behalf of themselves, and the Community of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Inhabitants of the said City are at some times in great Want of fre'fh and wholesome Water, which might eafi'y be conveyed to the said City from several Springs in the Neighbourhood thereof*/ which the Petitioners are desirous to do (making Satifac-rion to the Owners or Proprietors of such Spr.ngs, and likewise to the Persons through whose Grounds, any Pipes should be laid); but that the Petitioneis arc unable to carry such Undertaking into Execution without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the said City with fresh and wholesome Water, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that rhey do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alexander, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Earle, Mr. Garth, Mr Ellis, Mr. Yorke, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Procter, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Proztfe, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Lyster, Lord Roy-fton, Mr, Kviajion, Mr. Alderman Dick:fin, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. FAlowes, Mr. Coventryf Mr. Montagu, Mr. Probyn, Mr. More, Mr. Trift, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Medli-cctt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lascelles, Sir John Q offleand all the Mcmheis who lerve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the

5 B Speaker’!

Supplying Edinburgh Civ with Water.

37°

Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Shaw Hill, A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, &c. Clergy, Freeholders, Clothiers, and other Inhabitants, refid-^oa^’ ing in and near the Parishes of , Corsham,

stone, Slauterford, Tatlon, and Combe, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Highway leading from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw , in the Parish of Melksham, to the Turnpike Road at Upper , in the Parish of Castle Combe, through the Towns of Corsham and Biddefiuie, and Village of Yat/oa, in the County of

Wilts, is very ruinous, and, in many Places so extremely narrow, that it is become dangerous and almost impafiable for Travellers and Wheel Carriages, and cannot be fuifici-ently widened, amended, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House ' to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the

Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fidevation of a Committee: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Garth, Mr. Mr.

Lyfier, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bmikes, Mr. Cart-wright. Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Northey, Mr. JVilly, Mr. Torke, Mr. Finch, Mr. Bridgman, the Earl of Shelburne, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Fed lowes, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Gaflory, Mr. Pye, Lord Strange, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir John Crop, Mr. Cooke, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Lafi celles, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Southampton, Gloucester, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Inclosure Petition of James Shuttleworth Esquire, Lord of the Manor of H'eston cum Membris, in the County of Derby, Sir Nathanael Curzon Baronet, Leonard Fosbrooke Esquire, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds, and common Right, in, over, and upon, the Commons, common Fields, common Grounds, and commonable Places, in the Hamlets of IVilne and Shardlow, and in the Parish of Act on upon Trent, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is an dpen Common or Moor, called Aston Moor, and several Common, Arable, or Tillage Fields, Meadows, and Waste Grounds, situate and being in the Hamlets of IVilne and Shardlow aforesaid, or One of them, and in the said Pu-riih of Aston upon Trent, in the County of Derby, commonly called or known by the Names of IViftfield, IVtar-field, Tren field, Net her field, the Hooking, Smith Meadow, Hall Hay Meadow, the Meadow by Greaves, the Horse Commons, and Shardlow Moor; and also a certain Piece or Parcel of Meadow or Pasture Ground, called Dob holme, or IVcods Shrubbs, within the Prebendary of SawUy, in the said County of Derby, which are uninclosed, and belong to the Petitioners, and other Proprietors, in several undivided Shares and Proportions; and that, at certain Times in the Year, the said Fields, and Grounds are not only held and enjoyed by the Petitioners, and the find other Proprietors, undivided and in common, as aforesaid, but also several other Persons, being Owners ot Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the respective Places where the said Lands are situate respectivdv, and of divers Ingrounds within the said Manor and Parish have, in respect at such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Ingrounds, respectively claimed and enjoyed, fur 'Fime immemorial, an exciuiive Right to turn and de-pashire their Cattle upon the said tcveral common Fields, ind vvalte Grounds, together with the said several Proprietors thereof, at certain Times in the Year, byaccustomed 17

A. 1756.

Stints or Proportions; and that the said James Shuttleworth. Lord of the said Manor, is also the Patron of the Rectory and Pari Hi Church of Aston aforesaid, and the reverend John RoHeJton is Rector or the said Parish Church, and, in Right of his Church, is intitled to all the great Tythes arising and renewing within tire said Parish; and that the Petitioners are desirous, that not only the said open and uninclosed Fields and Grounds, hut also the said Commons or Waites, may beincloled; and that a specific Part or Share thereof may be allotted to each Proprietor, in proportion to their respective Shares, interest, and common Right, in and upon the said uninclosed Fields and Grounds, Commons, or waste Grounds, respectively, as the same are now undivided; and that a certain Parcel of Land, of equal Value with the rectorial Tythes, arising from the said Premises to the Rector of the said Parish Church of Aston aforesaid, may be proportioned and set apart unto or for such Rector, in lieu of, or as a Satisfaction lor, such Tythes, and may be appropriated to the said Rectory forever; but that although such Inclosures and Division will be a nianifeit Advantage to the Persons interdV d in the Premises, and tend greatly to the Improvement of their several Eitares, yet the same cannot be establishe:!, or rendered effort ual, to answer the Intention of the Petitioners, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston and Sir John Philipps do prepare, and bring in,>the lame.

A Petition of John IVi/iiamfon and John Clarke, Churchwardens, Samuel Hewitt and Simon iVood, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Kenfing-to7, in the County of Mid die fix, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That distinct Rates are now annually made for Kelief of the Poor, repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, of the hud Parish; and that the Rates for cleansing the Streets, and repairing the Highways, are attended with so much 'Trouble, Difficulty, and Expence in collecting and levying thereof, as to occasion a considerable Deficiency in the Sums of Money proposed to be raised thereby; and alleging that if the several Rates made, for Relief of the Poor, cleani-ing the Streets, and repairing the Highways in the said Parish, were consolidated and united into One Rate, or to he collected by one and the same Collection, and feme further Regulations made fur the better and moieealy affefling and collecting of the Lid Rates, and Employment of the Money thereby raised, the same would be attended with more Eafcand Advantage, and less Expence to the" Inhabitants of the said Parish, their Poor would be better provided for, and their Highways and Streets better repaired and clean fed, than they can be at present: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given 10 bring in a Bill to im power the Churchwardens, Oveifcvrs of the Poor, Vestry, or principal Inhabitants, to make yea:!y One or more Hate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, Repair of the Highways, and Cleansing of the Stieets, in the said Paiiih, to be collected together by one and the same Collection, with such further and other Regulations relating thereto, and for the better ordering and regulating the Disposition of the Monies thereby raised, as to the House Hull them meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it find appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir IVnu Beauchamp Premier, Mr. Cocke, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. El!:, Mr. Prolife, Mr. Bacon. Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Fdhives, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Garth, Sir John Philipps, Sir John Cud, Mr. Earle, Sir John Ooffe, Mr. Gajhrv, iMr. More, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cope, Mr. Northey, Colonel Bficawcn, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hal fan. Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Cdebrook, Lord Roy* fion, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Cocks, Lord Strange, Mr. -Finch,

Mr

16° Janua

K?nfins;ton

Parochial

Rates.

Wupping ^jurch, &c.

29'Geo. II. i6° Januarii371

Mr. Charlton, Mr, Amy and, Doctor Hay, Mr. Onfiozv, Colonel Hal Jane, Mr. IV tiles, Karl of Shelburne, Mr, JaA# Gat'd, Mr. Nugent, Sir Ja/vi Wynn, Mr. Affleck, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Bankes, Mr. West, Mr. Powell, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Walpole, Mr. P;//, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Digby, Sir Nicholas Bay/y, Mr Vernon, Sir Willoughby Alton \ and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five or the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham* ber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, and of several Owners of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of ihemlelves, and the rest of the Inhabitantsand Owners of Premises within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read: letting forth, That the Parish Church of Saint John of IYapping, was originally built in a flight manner lor a Chapel within the Parish of Saint Mary Mat* fellon alias White Chapel; and that by an Act, passed in the 5th and 6th Years of Ring William and Queen Mary, the said Church was made parochial; and, by a Clause in the said Act, it is enacted, that, for repairing, or, if Occasion be, for rebuilding, enlarging, and adorning, of the said Church, and making the same more convenient for the Uleof the Inhabitants, and for reimbursing the Monies then due and advanced for tho'e Purposes, a Rate or Af-(cflrnent (hculd forthwith, and from time totime, be made for railing Money for those Purposes on the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish; and that the said Church is now greatly out of Repair, and the Floor thereof considerably lower than the Surface of the Ground on the Outside, and the/aid Church is'also very damp, incommodious, and unwholsome; and that the Churchyard belonging to the said Parish is very full of Corplls, many whereof he partly above Ground, and, in hot Weather, are very often five; and many of the Parishioners are intimidated from attending divine Service in the said Church, on account of its being so damp and unwholsome as aforesaid; and alleging, that the said Church cannot be repaired and altered, so asto be made wholsome, commodious, and fife to assemble in; and that it is necessary to purchase Land to enlarge the Church-yard; but that no Proviffon is made in the said Act to oblige the Proprietors of Ellatcs lying in the said Parish tocoptributefowards the Expence of rebuilding the said Church, and enlarging the said Church-yard, and the same would be too-burthen-some to be effected by the Inhabitants only: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the said Church, andenla-ging the Churchyard, in such Manner, and by such Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Preblor, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Garth, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Ky naff on, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. More, Mr, Earle, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Cust, Mr, Charlton, Mr. Jones, Lord Downe, Sir Wm. Codrington, Mr. Lcc~ kyer, Mr. Locke, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Jennet Colebrooke, Mr. George Cole brook, Mr. Bel-ckier. Sir John Crofe, Mr. Bayntm, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Wat [on, Mr. Afonfon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Marlon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. A hmtagn, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Alcore, Mr. Tri/t, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Digby. Lord Shelburne, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Medlicctt, Lord Digby, Mr. Walpole, Sir James Creed, and all t he Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, and Efflx, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speak-- Yot. 27.

er’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Per fans, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in or near the several Towns of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, the Town of Ofwejhy, in the County of Salop, and the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Dtnbigh, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing upon or near the Road between Knockin, in the County of Salop, and Llhamhaider in Moclinant, in the County of Denbigh; were referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re* port in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Corbet Price and Mr. Thomas Griffiths, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Pool, in the County of AIontgomery, to Ofwejfry, in the County of Salop, and from thence to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and also the Road irom Knockin, in the County of Salop, to Llhamhaider in Moclinant, in the said County of Denbigh, are, from the Nature of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages pa (Ting on the fame, become very ruinous, and, in many Paris, very narrow and incommodious, and, in some Places, aimost irnpaff.bie; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and wid.ned by the ordinary Courseappointed by the Laws jn being:

And further said, That there are Two Roads leading into Pool from Oswestry, One of them through a Lane called Red Lane, which is only a Bridle Way, and an useless Road; and that it will be necessary to ft >p up the same; which may be done without Damage or Loss to any Person.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tQ repair and widen the Road from Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and also the Road from Knockin, in the County of Salop, to Llhamhaider in Moclinant, in the County of Denbigh: And that Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, and Mr. Mydd/eton, do prepare, and bring in the lame.

Sir William Beauchamp Prottor presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadle$, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other PaU lages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parrish of §t. Mary-le-Bone, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First time, ’

Refoi'ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offcieJ to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Coments of the said Petition, recopmiends it to the Conficeration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have inverted the whole Sum, granted in 1755, *n Goods, Siores, and Necessaries, for the several Forts upon the Coart of Africa: And therefore praying the House to grant such Sum for the neccl-lary Support thereof for the ensuing Year, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie uj on the Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty s Command, presented to the House, a Paper, containing a Petition, which had been presented to Ins Majesty, intituled, " The humble Petition of James Tierney, of Lon* u don, Merchant, A prnt for and on behalf of Don Libino

" Bet-

Pool

Road.

Mary !*-Boflc Streets.

African

Company.

Rcfr i tu tic n of a Spanish Prize.

3 7 2 16° — 17° J. 1756.

" BernarJo Vanderbrouck, and others, Merchants, refid-

" ing at Cadiz, and Subjects of his Catholic Majesty the Ring ot Spain, Owners of the Money and " Edicts heretofore taken on board the Spanish Polacra " Anna Maria y St Felix, by a Squadron of your Majesty’s Ships, under the Command of Admiral " Knowles"

And Mr. Chanceliorof the Exchequer also, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, *that his Majesty recommends the Petition, contained in the said Paper, to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was read; letting forth, That, by the preliminary Articles entered into at Aix la pelle, on the 19th of April 1748, O. S. between Britain, France, and Holland, the Cessation of Hostilities between those contracting Parties was, by Reference to the Times which had been agreed upon in the Former Suspension of Arms between Great,

and France, in August 1712, to take place, as far as Cape St. Vincent, and beyond the said Cape to the Equinoctial Line, whether in the Ocean or Mediterranean, within Six Weeks from the Date of the said preliminary Articles; and consequently Hostilities were to cease, at fart heft, on the 29th oi May >748, O S.: That, on the 17th of June 1748, O. S. his Catholic Majesty acceded to the said Preliminaries; and, on the same Day, his Majesty’s Ministers accepted such Accession; and by Proclamation of the 4th of August 1748,1ns Majesty’s Subjects were commanded

to forbear all ACIs of Hostility against his Catholic Majesty, and his Subjects according to the Time stipulated by the said preliminary Articles: That upon the 3d of September 1748,0.S.being after the Cessation took place, the before-mentioned Polacra Anna St. Felix, be-

ing loaden with Money and Goods, which belonged to the said Spanish Merchants, and on a Voyage from

and the Havannah to Cadiz, was met with, off the Istand

of Cuba, by a Squadron of his Majesty’s Ships, under the Command of Admiral Knowles, and the Money and the EffeCls were taken out and divided amongst the Captors; and that, on the 31st of December 1748, O. S. the said Admiral and the Captains of his Squadron, began a Process, against the said Money and Goods, in his Majesty’s Court of Vice Admiralty in Jamaica-, and, on the 16th of February following, obtained a Sentence there for condemning the same as a Prize; but the Petitioner, in behalf of the said Spanish Merchants, entered a Claim, and afterwards prosecuted his Appeal against the said Sentence 5 which Appeal came on to be solemnly heard, before the Lord Commissioners for Prize Causes, on the 26th of March 1752, when the said Jamaica Sentence was reversed, and the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, which had been condemned in Jamaica, or the Value thereof, were adjudged to be restored; and, in order to a'.'certain the Value of the tame, the said Lords Commissioners on the ifth of June 1752, referred the Account thereof to certain Referees; who, upon the 13th of February 1753, reported the Value of the said Money and Goods to be as follows;

In Gold - - - 11,643 15 o

In Silver -’ - - - 1,725 12 10

In Goods - - - - 500 o o'

'l otal in Sterling Money - 13,869 7 10

Which Sum their Lordships decreed to be paid to the Appellants: That the Petitioner has never been able to receive any Satisfaction for the said Sum, or for any Part thereof: That his Catholic Majesty has, out of his own royal Coffers, made Restitution of much larger Sums than those before-ment ioned, on Account of Captures irregularly made by his Subjects from British Merchants, and not turned the British Merchants to feck Satisfaction

as they could from the Captors: And therefore, for and on behalf of the said Spanish Merchants, praying his Majesty, That he will be graciously plcaled to make Restitution of the Value of the said Money and Goods, so liquidated by the said Lord Commissioners, at 13,869

js. 1 od. to the Petitioner, the Agent of the said Spanish Merchants.

Ordered, That tl.e Paper, containing the said Petition to his Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition: And it is referred to Mr. Nugent, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Legge, Mr. Secretary Fox, Lord Barrington, Mr. Alderman Mr. Grenville,

Mr. Stanley, Lord Hilljboromh, Mr. Lord Strange, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Proivje, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

they, Mr. Charlton, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. More, Mr. IVaipole, Mr. West, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bankes, Colonel Haldane, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyjier, Earl of

Shelburne, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. Charles Co-

lonel Waldegrave, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr.

Mr. Lockyer, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Willey, Mr. Bayntun, Lord PaSir Edward

Mr. Finch, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Gore, Mr. Reynolds, Sir William Owen, Mr. Stamvix, Mr. Be/chier, Lord sham, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Oj'wa/d, Mr. Dodington, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Alexander, Sir Robert LadbrooSir Francis Drake, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sir

Henry Erskine, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sharpe, Mr.

Mr. Potter, Mr. Morton, Mr. Martin, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Page, Mr.

ner eau, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Rigby, Lord Verney, Mr. Chaun-

cy Townshend, Mr. George Townshend, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Amy and: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Resolveed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of Ways and Means for raiding the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Rejo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati% 1 y° d 'Januarii;

Anno 29* Georgii II'" Regis, 1756. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Members of the Council, and other principal Inhabitants, of the I Hands of Sally, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of an Act, made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Illes of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; which, amongst other things, enacts, That Ships being North of Cape Finiftene, and having the Plague on board, shall

immediately proceed to the Harbour of Nezv Grimfiy in the islands of Scilly; and directs what Proceedings shall be had thereupon; and representing the Danger to which the Kingdom may be subjected by Ships infected with the Plague anchoring in the said Harbour; and alleging, that there is another Harbour, called St. Helen s Pool, more

open

Recruiting the J*and Faces,

Ways and Means,

S,p?Iy.

A# relating to

Quarantine.

Flymoui h Roads.

29 Geo. II. iy° Januarii. 373,

open to the main Sea than and, in every

rclptft, as fife and convenient for the Reception of Shipping, where infefted Ships and Vessels might lie, without subjecting any of the inhabited Islands to the least Danger of Infection; but that the Disposition of all infefted Ships, and the Method and limited Time of their performing Quarantine in all Ports and Places of Britain or ireiand, or the Hies of Guernsey, Jersey,

Saik, or Mail, being, by the before-mentioned Act, left

totally in the Power of his Majesty, with the Advice of his Privy Council; and, by the express Words of the said Act, every Master. Commander, or other Person, having the Charge of any Ship, which shall appear to be ihfefted to the Northward of Cape being obliged,

upon Pain of Death, to repair to the Harbour of New Grimsby, and no other Place) and his Majesty's Power of altering or varying such Appointment being, in this tingle Instance, totally i eft rained, the Danger apprehended from the Stationing of infefted Ships in the said Harbour, cannot be removed othctwile than by Authority of Parliament: And praying the House to take the Pre*mi!es into Consideration, and afford the Petitioners, and the rest of his Majesty’s good Subjects, such Relief and A Alliance as shall lecrii requisite and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee 1 And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Godolphin, Colonel Sir Henry ErjLine, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Edgcumhe, Mr. Scott, Mr. Mr.

Mackenzie, Mr. Haraitge, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Mr. Vernon, Sir George Lee, Mr. More, Mr.

Mr. Fazaker/ey, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Alderman

Mr. Banker, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Calvert, Mf. Cartwright, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Palmer, Lord Strange, Doctor Hay, Sir John Gujl, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bold, Sir John Cross'e, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Sir Ni-

cholas Bay/y, Mr. Lejlie, Sir William Calvert, Sir Charles KemysTynts; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Clrnwall, Devon, Dorset, Southampton, and Kent, the City of London, and the Cinque Ports; and

all the Merchants of the House i And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subsenbed, tedding in or near the several Roads thereafter mentioned, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Roads leading from a Place called Dock Pound, in the Parish of Stoke in the County of Devon, near his Majesty’s Dock Yard at Plymouth, through the Town of Plymouth, and through the Borough of tonEarle\ and also through the Village or Hamlet of Ridgeway, in the Parish of Plympton St, Mary, to a Place called j Brent Bridge, in the Parish of South Brent, in the said County j and from a Place called Butts, in the Parish of Plympton St. Mary, through the Village of to a

Place called Harry-cross Gate, in the said County; and frotn Dock Pound aforesaid to the Leat of Water running from Roborough down to Plymouth, lying near a Place called Manadon Gate, in the Tything of Western otherwise Penny Cross, in the Road leading from Plymouth to Horra Bridge-, and from a Passage called in the Tything of East Stonehouse, through the Town and Borough of Plymouth aforesaid, to a Place called Horra Bridge, in the Parish of Buck land; and from

a Place called Orefion Passage, in the Parish of Charles, through the Town of Plymouth aforesaid, to a Place called the Common, in the Parish of St, Budeaux, lying in the Road from Plymouth aforesaid, to Saltash-, are become ruinous, and in some Parts thereof, in rainy Seasons, subject to be overflowed, and cannot, by the Laws now in being, be repaired, and kept in Repair; And therefore praying the Vol. ip.

House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for repairing and widening the Roads, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall Item meet.

Ordered, That the said Pctirion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Clevland, Mr. , Mr.

Godolphin, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Barrington, Mr. Bailor,

Mr. Dicker, Mr. Oujlozv, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. lowes. Lord Middleton, Mr. LyjlMr. , Sir James Creed, Mr. Banker, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Snndys, Mr. Elliott, Colonel Haldane, Sir John Crcjje, Sir John Cujl, Lord Strange, Mr. Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mr; Gyb-

bon, Mr, Shelley, Mr. More, Mr. Mr. Mr.

VII/iers, Mr. Rigby, S r Wtn. Beauchamp Prctfor, Mr. Calvert, Mi* Ofwrdd, Mr. 7 ‘ownjhend.Sir Richard Lyttelton,

Mr Berkeley, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lascelles, Sir. Palmer, \lr. Bowes,

Mr. A my and, Mr. Scott, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Campbell,

Mr. Medlycotl, Mr. Grove, Sir Francis Drake-, anil all the

Mcmljers who serve lor the Counties of Devon,

Somerset, Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber:

And have Power to fetid for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Derby Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen of the County of Derby, Gaol, at the General Quarter Session of the Peace holden for the (lime County on the 13th Day of January 1756, and of other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the said County; and also of the Mayor and principal Burgesses of the Borough of Derby, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; representing the ruinous Condition, and inconvenient and dangerous Situation, of the common Prison or Gaol for the said County, situate in the said Borough of Derby, and setting forth, That the Corporation of Derby, being Lords of the Manor, and Soil of the waste Grounds within the Jurisdiction of the said Borough, have, in order to redress the Grievances complained of, lb far as in their Power lies, made an Order for granting a Lease of so much of a Waste or Common; called Nuns Green, within the Jurisdiction of the said Borough, as is necessary to erect a new Gaol upon, with proper Courts and Conveniences to be added, for a Term Of Nine hundred and Ninety-nine Years, under the referred yearly Rent of Five Shillings only; and that the Petitioners have provisionally agreed to accept such Leafs; and have contracted with proper Builders to erect a new Gaol there, according to a Plan and certain Condition* agreed Upon for that Purpose, if the House shall think proper to eriable the Petitioners to carry the same into Execution: And therefore praying, That such a Law may be enacted, as will enable the Petitioners to carry the several Agreements and Premises into Execution;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee! And thac they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Venables Vernon, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Cooke, Sir Robert Burden, Mr. Hardtnge, Mr.

Palmer, Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Colleton, Sir John CroJJe, Mr.

Bayntun, Sir John Mor daunt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bankesi Mr. 'Hill, Sir Charles Kemys Tyn/e, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prowje,

Mr. Hunter, Mr. Offley, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Barhor,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Chetivynd, Colonel cawen, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Elliott, Sir James Creed, Mr.

More, Mr. Egerton, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Northej,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Monson, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Mackenzie, Colonel Haldane, Sir Henry ErJkine, Mf.

Townshend, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Pelham, Mr. NewnhaMr. Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Watson, Colonel Mor daunt, Mr.

Mr. Scot, Mr. Douglas; and all the Members who serve

5 <2 for

r

Jahbert’s

Nat.

Dunfbv,

&c.'

Roads.

i A

374 170 JanuariL 175 6.

for the Cdunttes of Derby, Stafford, and Letcejier: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of branch Jalabert, of the City of London* Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sandy s, Sir John Crcjje, and Mr. Webb, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Lincoln, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the North EalUrn Parts of the County of Lincoln\ and of the Inhabitants of the said City, and of the Towns of Teuton, Torkfey, and MartiA, in the said County of Lincoln, arid of the Lords of Manors, and Proprietors of Estates, adjoining to the Road leading to and from the North End of Dunfby Lane, in the Paid County of Lincoln, over Lincoln Heath* to and through the said City of Lincoln, the Bail and Close of Lincoln, and to Rifeholm Hedge Corner and Carr holm Gate, within the said City; and from Carrholm Gate, in the said City of Lincoln., cross Can holm, Burton Fen, HadJo Fen, the Banks of the River Fcfs, over Sax/eby Bridge, Saxleby Moor, Thomey, Kettlethorp Moor, through Fenton, Torkfey, Brampton Field, and Martin, to Littleburgh Ferry; and from the South Eift Corner of Kettlethorp Moor, called Drhlfey Nook, through Wheatholm Lane, Newton Common, Newton Town, and FrVA/, to Dunham Ferry, whole Names are thereuntb subscribed, was prefmted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Roads leading from the North End of Duttsby Lane, through the fevxral Parishes or Lord ships of Cranwctl, Brawtcezvell, Bloxham, Afkby, Scopwich, Buvikney, Netheringham, Dunflon, Norton, Potterhanno or th, Branfton> Canwick, Boothby, 60%, Harmfton, Wafidington, Bracebridge, and other Places, over Lincoln Heath, to and through the said City of Lincoln, the Bail 'and Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln, and to Rifeholm H'dge Corner and Carrholm Gate, in the said City; and from Carrholm Gate, cross Carrholm, Burton Fenn, HadJo Fen, the Banks of the River Fo/fr, over Saxleby Bridge, Sax/eby Moor, Thorney, Kelt let horpe Moor, through Fenton, TorkfeyBrampton Field, and Martin, to Littleburgh Ferry; and also from the South Ealt Corner of Nettlethorpe Moor, called Drinfey Nook, through Wheat holm Lane, Newton Common, Newton Town, and Field, to Dunham Ferry; are in a very ruinous Condition, and in feme Places too narrow, and in the Winter Sea-lbn, in many Parts thereof, frequently overflowed, and cannot be repaired and kept in Repair by the ordinary Means of Law: And alleging, that it would greatly tend to the better Repair of the several Roads leading into the said Roads hereby intended to be amended, if better Provision was made for the more effectual enforcing the Statute-work, not exceeding a certain Distance on the fame* And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads* and for the more effectual enforcing the Statute or Days Work, not exceeding a certain Distance, in such manner, and 'by such means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it lliaJl appear to them, to the House

And it is referred to Mr. Monson, Sir, John Cust, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. West, Lord Strange, Mr. Bold, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Flarctiuge, Mr. Northey, Mr. More, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Bankes, Mr* R arbor, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Watson, Mr. Starkie, Mr. Nugent, Sir James Creed\ Colonel Haldane, Mr, Onslow, Lord Down*, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Amy and, Sir Henry Er-

Jkine, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fell owes, - Mr. Sehzvvu, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Affleck, Sir Hugh DArymple, Mr. Aldvcorlh, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Carapbfll, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Martin, Mr. Gore, Mr. Leslie; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, and 7lrk: And they are to meet tins Afternoon at Five A the Clock, in the Speakers Clumber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Ilngh MLeod of Genies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was prdented to the House, and read; let ting forth, That, in the Year 1672, Neal Mac Lcsd, the Petitioners Great Uncle* under Pretence of a small Debt, was forcibly disposlWTed of an Ellate in the County of Sutherland, called Aftjinl* and all the Title Deeds and Writings relating to the said Estate, amongst which were Discharges for several Debts which had afle fled the fame, were forcibly taken from him: That the Petitioner’s Ancestor Neal Mac Lead, being thus deprived of his Titie Deeds and Papers, was rendered incapable of defcndinghimselfagainflceitainClaims brought to a fib 61 his Estate, particularly Assignmems of Two Decrees of Adjudication against the said Estate, for I> bts, which there is great Reafori to believe had been before extinguished* amounting to £. 750. 1 -s. which Asignment^ were obtained by Roderick Mackenzie, of Preston Hall, Uncle to John Mackenzie, Second Son of the then Earl of Senforth; by means whereof, and of tire laid forcible Dispofleflion, the Petitioners A nee for was deprived of his laid Estate, and reduced to great Distrest; and a Right to the said Estate was made up in tire Person of the said John Mackenzie, subject to the Payment cl a certain Sum to the said Roderick, who, lor Non-paynncn: thereof, on the 14th of January 169S, obtained an Adjudication against the said Estate for £-997 4s. Sid- Sterling; and that upon the Death of the nud Roderick Mackenzie, the said Adjudication became veiled in Alexander Mackenzie, his Son, who also procured an Alignment of an Adjudication obtained by one Sutherland again (t the said John Mackenzie, as Owner of the said Estate, for Payment of £.2,019. 3^- Sterling; and that the said

Alexander Mackenzie, being engaged in the unnatural Rebellion in the Year 1715, was convicted of HighTrea-son, and, in consequence thereof, the said Adjudications became vested in the Crown; and that no Discovery having been made to the Crown cf these Debts till the Year 1753, nothing relating to them has been done on behalf of the Crown, and the same now remain a fubi lifting Charge upon the said Estate; and that, besides the Adjudications forfeited as aforesaid, there are fevered other large Debts and Incumbrances appearing to affect the said Estate, which are not vested in the Crown, and that the said Debtsand Incumbrances amount to much more than the Value of the said Estate: And therefore, as the Petitioner’s Ancellor was thus deprived of the Possession of the said Estate by Force* and his Family of the Inheritance by means of the Assignments to the said Roderick Mackenzie of the said Two first-mentioned Adjudications, which were the Foundation not only of the Adjudication vested in the Crown, dated the 14th January 1698, but also of all Right which the said John Mackenzie had to with-hold the Possession of the said Estate from the Ancestors of the Petitioner, which, otherwise not liable to the said Adjudication vested in the Crown, or any of the aforesaid Debts, would have defeended to the Petitioner* who, on every Occasion, has distinguished himself by his zealous Attachment to his Majesty’s Pe. fan and Government, praying, That the House will take into Consideration the Sufferings of a Family always well affected to the present happy Establishment, and give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for veiling the said Two-Adjudications now in the Crown in the Petitioner, upon such Conditions as to the House shall ieem meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted tilt House, That his Majesty,

having

'2c Lcoti's Eaatu*.

Sale of v

Manor.

29 GEO.JL 17 6 JanuafiL3 75

having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think Fit.:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame* as it shall appear to them* to the House i

And ir is referred to Colonel Haldane, Mf. Banker Mr. Cartwright, Mr*Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Harry Erjhine, Mr. West, Mr. Harding*, Mr. Nor they. Lord -Strange* Mr. Cooke, Mr. Monson, Mr. Proztfe, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir -Francis Drake, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Cust, Lord George Sackvil/e, Sir John Crcffe, Mr. Godoi-plan, Mr. Fe/lozves, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Bold, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Starkie, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir James Creed, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. IVilktnfon, Mr. Gor^, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Townshend, Sir Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Berkeley* Lord George Cavendish, Mr. 'ChetwynJ, Mr. Churchill\ Mr. Grenville, Mr. EW<?, Mr. Dawkins, Lord Pultcncy, Mr. Leveson Gmerer. Lord Robert Manners, Mr. George Pitt, Mr. P/7/, Lord Hobart Mr. Hunter* Mr. Sandy's, Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Ward, Cdlonel Pitt, the Marquis oi Granby, Lord George Manners, Mr. Free-Sir Peachey, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Hayes, Sir

Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speake/s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records*

A Petition of Lieutenant General Sir 7o///z Mordaiint and Charles Mordaiint Esquire, Two of the Trustees and ExecutOiS of the late right honourable Charles Earl of Peterborough and Monmouth, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth* That King William and Queen Mary, by Letters Patent dated the 12th Day ot January 1690, did grant to the said late Earl (then Earl of Monmouth), the Manor of Dantfey, with the Hundred of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, Part of the Estate forfeited to King Charles the 2d by Sir JoZ/z Danvers, to hold from the Dec hate of Queen Mary± Contort to King the 2d, to the said Earl, and his Heirs, referring a Rent of £*300 per Annum, to commence from such time as the said late Earl should come into PoUcflion by . virtue of the said Grant; and that the said late Earl, by indentures of I case and Reieate, bearing Date respectively the 20th Day ol February and tit Day of March 1734, did grant and release the said Manor and Hundred to the Lord Limerick, now in the Kingdom of Ireland, Stephen Poyntz, since deceased* and the Petitioners, and iheir Heirs, to the Use of the said late Earl for Life, with , divers other Remainders over; and that the said late Earl, by his Will* dated the 9th Day of September 1 735, ciid appoint the Petitioners, together with the said Lord Limerick and Stephen Poyntz, Executors; and died in the Year 1735, leaving the present Earl of Peterborough, his Grandlbn and Heir at Law, when the Petitioners, together with the Ja;d Lord Limerick and Stephen Poyntz, proved his laid Will, and entered upon the Trust reposed m them; and that the said Rent of £.300 was never paid by the said late Earl, or by the Petitioners, nor was the same ever demanded; nor did the Petitioners* till very lately, know that any such Rent was reierved by the said Grant; and that his Majesty, by his Privy Seal, dated the 25 Day of November last, has discharged the Heirs and Executors of the said late Earl from all Arrears of the said Rent, down to the 10th Day of October last, upon Con-'dition that £. 5,000 be paid* or secured to be paid, to the Lady Frances and Lady Mary Mordaunt, Great Granddaughters of the said late Earl, as of his Majesty’s free Gift and Royal Bounty, it being his Majesty’s express Direction, that, until the said Sum of £. 5,000 be paid, or secured to be paid, to them, his royal Benevolence (fcouid not take place, or be effectual for the Discharge of the said Arrears; and that the said Estate is lb settled, Voj~ 27. 19

that the Petitioners have no Powet (even with the Con*-lent of all the Persons in being, interclied in the said Estate) to raile the said £. 5,000 by Sale or Mortgage of any Part thereof; so that the Family may be deprived of his Majesty’s Royal Bourityand Munificence without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be enabled, by Mortgage of the said Manor and Hundred, or Sale of a competent Part thereof* to raise, for the Benefit of, or. to secure to, the said Lady Frances and Lady Mary Mordaunt, the said Sum of £. 5,000, with Interest Lr the lame, from the loth Day ol* October last.

Mr. Chancellor, of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House* That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent* that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition C And that Mr. Hardinge, the Lord Adam Gordonr, and Mr. Gorge Oh-flow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourm Bridge, in the CoUntV of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Petition which has been presented to the House for making a new Road from Paddington to Islington, in the County of Middlesex, croft the several northern Roads: And alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend, if so much of the said intended Road as leads from Paddington to Tottenham Court, and from the North End of Portland Street, crols the Farthing Pie House Field, in the Parish of St. Mary Ac-Bone was added to the Roads under the Management and Direction of the Petitioners, and the other Trustees appointed by the said several Adds, and put under the Direction of the same Pro ft and the derm already granted to them enlarged* with a Power to take an additional Toll during the Continuance of such new Term as shall be granted, the same would be more effectually carried into Execution, and prevent any Inconveniencies which may arite from putting the said new intended Road under a separate Trust: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and make such Provision therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square, Paddington, Saint Mary-le-bone, Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George's Bloomsbury, Saint Andrew's Hoi bourn, and Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and of several Gentlemen, Farmers, TradcU men, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, and of the Cities of London and Westminster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred* be revived.

Ordered, That the said Petition of several of the Truf-tecs for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from St. Giles's Pound to Ki/bourne Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that; they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for repairing thq Highways leading to Highgate Gate Iloife and tiamp-stead, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Petition which has been presented to the House for making a haw Road from Paddington to Islington, in the County of Middlesex, crols the several Northern lloads: And alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend, if so much of the said intended Road as leads from Tottenham Court to Battle Bridge, and from thence to the Northern Road at Islington, was added to the Roads under the Management and Direction of the

Petitioners*

Paddington New Komi.

Ditto.

376 17° Januarii. . 1756.

Petitioners, and the other Trustees appointed by the said several Acts, and put under the Direction of the same Trust, during the Continuance of the Terms already granted therein, with a Power to take an additional Toll on such Part of the said new intended Road, the same would be more effectually carried into Execution, and prevent any Inconveniencies which may arise from putting the said new intended Road under al'eparate Trust: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and make such Provision therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of George Hanover Square, Paddington, St. St. Giles in the Fields, St. George's Bloomsbury, St. Andrew's Hol-bourn, and St. Mary IJJington, in the County of and of several of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, and of the Cities of London and Westminster, whose Names are there-

unto subscribed, was referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. West presented to the House, pursuant to their Suipluffe*. Address to his Majesty,

Surplusses stated the 5th of April 1755 (old Lady-day):

And also.

Surpluses dated the 10th of October 1755 (old

Michaelmas-day).

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstracls thereof are as followeth; viz.

o

ABSTRACT of the said Surplnfles, Haled the 5th of 1755*

Kin

V

the Evchequer to the Sinking Fund

viz

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year ended (he 5th Day of April 1755;

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 - -

Sirplus of the South Sm Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account* Folio 3 - -

3

19

4

19

d.

5

7

94

H

To Monies brought to Account the 5th Day of April 1755, pursuant to the Act pal ft (1 the 250 Georgii 2^, for conib] mating the Funds; ris.

The D^ity of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Act

6y Georgii l*1, for the Service of the Year 1720, - - 3,8-21

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 4* Georgii

2dt, for the Service of the Year 173! ----- 12,577 Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines and strong Waters,

printed per Acts 160, 17*, and 24*. Georgii -2dl, > - - 52,768

The like of the additional Duty on Wines imported, grantedper

Act 180 Georgii <iil, for the Service of the Year 1745 - - 18,273

The like of the Duties upon Glals, and Spirituous Liquors, granted per Act 19* Georgii 261, for the Service of the Year

1746 -.....23*7*7 13 I

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per Act 20* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of

the Year 1747-.....59,10214 si

The Duties on Coaches, granted per Act 20* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the said Year ----- 14,015 17 1

The Stibfidy on Goods, and Merchandize imported, granted per

Act 21* Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1748 - - 149,119 8 6

To the Duty of 12/ft. perV.arrel on Sweets or Wines, made from BritiJ/i or Foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted per Act io# Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year *737* brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 27* Georgii 2di, Page 217 -

Dr.

37°*489 j5 4l 80,249 6

240,900 10 3!

691,639 13 4$

333.397 o 5}

3,397 6 8f

£ 1,028,433 19 6±

Ecr Contn1 - - * - - - — m m.

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Interest, due the 5th

Pay of %mmry 1755, being after the Rate of£. 3 per Gent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £. 9,137*821 5*. 1 id. subseri bed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Cent. Transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act pafl -d (he 2^* Georgif 2di, Page 587, for contblidating the Funds -

By (he Governor ami Company of the Bank of England, on £. 4,450 ios. per Annum, for Haifa Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 591, in that Behalf -

13 y the Chief Cast.W of the Governor and Company of (he Bank of England, for Half a Year's Interest, due the 5th of April 1755, being after the Rate of £. 3 10s per Cnu. per Annum, on the Princ ipal Sum ol £. >7*701,323 165. 4 / subs-rilied to t* c Joint Stock of £ q-f per Cent. Transferrable Annuities at the Bauk of England, pursuant to the said Act, Pag* s#7 -

’v t*;e Governor and Company of the Bank of Elngtand, on £. 9,884 os id. per Annum, for Haifa Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 600, in ic.it Behalf - - - - -' ... -

By ll'ilf a Year’s Annuity, due the 5th Day of January 1755, being after the Rate of £. $per Cent.per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £. 2,100,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to His Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to th<* Act 24* Georgii 41, Page 39, in that Behalf -By the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, Sec. lor Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf ——

By Calli taken to answer Inten d at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, to the 4th of February 1755* on the Residue of £. 400,600 in Exchequer Bills made forth and charged upon the Duty of l2/7t. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted for the Service of the Year 1737, pursuant to the Act 27* Georgii 2il, Page 217, in that Behalf. - -

?v Calli taken pursu.mt to the said Act, the Sunn of £.324,260 4s. gjd. which, with £. 12. 15s. 3$d. remaining in the Hands of the Pay matters of FAchequer Bills, make, together, £. 324,273 oj. id. being in full Discharge of ihesaid principal Sum of £ 499,600 in Exchequer Bills -

By Calli taken in Part of £. 1,420,000 for or towards the Supply granted to His Majesty for the Service of the Year 1755, pursuant to the Act 28° Georgii 2dl, Page 456, in that Behalf -

- Cr.

J37»°*7 8 4§

2.225 5 9

39.773 3 4,942 o of 31,500 O O' 590 12 6

5.359 I 6 324.260 4 g

212,716 6 o

Th is being the Sixty fifth half-yearly Account made up pursuant to the Act 9 Georgii i*4. Page 367, is humbly p re feu ted this 17th Day tif January 1756, by die

y. Wcjt.

VO

a

m

o

<1

a

£ 1.028,433 19 6}

- r

o

CQ

r^r

n‘

CD

CL

cr

ABSTRACT of the said Surpluses, dated the iolh of October 1755.

O

eg'

— h

n‘

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

Ao

o"

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fund

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended toe loth Day of October 1755, vTz+

Surplus of the Aggregate l and, brought from Account, Folio 1.

Surplus of’ the $o.<'h Sea Compuu v’s I’und, brought from Account, Folios. Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, I olio 3.

4A53

16,224

To Monies brought to Account the 10th Day of Of/obey 1755, pursuant to the Act passed the 25* Georgii lor cor.solidating the Funds; viz,

Th* Duty of 6J. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Act 6*

Grnrjii i*nf, for the Service of the Year 17-20 -

Tin- additional S'amp Duty on Piper, granted per Act 40 Gcovgii

2fl. for rh'* Service olt he Year 1731 - - - 16,2*24 13

tkirphis of the additional Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters,

grantee: pr Act* 160, 17*, and 240 Georgii -2JI ... 128,914 1

The like of the additional Duties on Wines imported, granted per

Act iS* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1745 - - 35*058 12

The like of the Duties upon Glut’s, and spirituous Liquors, granted per Act nj* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1746 - 33,104 8

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per Act 20* Georgii 2di, for the Service of the

Vi ar 1747 - - - . - 60,93*2 14

I he like of the Duties on Coaches, granted per Aft20® Georgii 2di* for the Service of the said Year ----- 31,419 16

llie Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted per Act 21° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1748 - - 157,804 7

d.

oi

3

7

8

li

sh

the Duty of \o/h. per Darrel on Sweets-or Wines made from Bn'Jh or foreign fruit or Sugar, granted per Act iu0 Georgii 2dI, for the Service of the Year x 737>

"t

Dr.

£ *- d.

54D317 9 °{

*-'597 o 9 ^98,950 17 11

922,865 f 8£

To th 1

hruught to this Account pursuatg to tho Ad J° Georgii 2di, Page 2, /

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, paper, and Coals, gruntedper Ad -v Georgii 2'1, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the Ad *28° Georgii 2d‘,

IVf457 ....

i n Money received bvhis Grat e the Duke of A tvcujVe, from an unknown Person, 10 b<i applied towards difclvirgbig the national Deut.and by him paid into the Receipt of his Majesty’s I xclmijner Aio;oidingly -

467,611 19 io|

6,450 12 3

15.241 10 3

100 00

£*>412,269 10 (>£

Per Contra

jBy the chief Cashier of the-Governor and Company of the Dank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest due the 5th of July 1755, being afttr the Rate of £.$ per Cent. per Annumf oh the principal Sum of £. 9,137.821 5*.

l ^d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3 per Cent. Transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act passed the 25° Georgii 2di, Page 587, for consolidatingThe Funds -

| By the Governor and Company of the Bank of Rlnglund. on £. 4,450 of 10d. per Annum, for Half a Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 591, in that Behalf ——

By the chief Calliier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's lute rest, due the 10th of Odobjr 1755, being after the Rate of £. 3 105. per Cens.jxr Ann an, on the principal Sum of £. 17,701,323 161 4 d. subscribed into the Joint Stock of 3$ perCent. Transferable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the said Act, Page 587 -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on £ 9,884 ox. id per Annum, forllalfa Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 600, in that Behalf ——

By Haifa Year's Annuity, due the 5th Day of July 1755, being after the Rale of 3 per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of^. 2,100,000 lent on Cmditofthis Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 240 Georgii sdl, page 39,111 that Behalf -By the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the South Seuv, Ik c. for Half a Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf ....

By Cash taken to dist harge all Interest, at 3 per Cent, per Annum, to the nth of April 1755, on the RcfnJue undischarged of^.499,600 in Exchequer Bills made forth and charged upon the Duty of vifh.per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, granted for the Service of the Year 1737, pursuant to the Act 270 Georgii 2dl, Page 217, in that Behalf -

By Calli taken in further Part of £. 1,420.000, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1755, pursuant to the Act 23° Georgii 2di, Page 456, in that Behalf -

Cr.

£ s. d.

I OO

137.067 6

2,225 5

4*

3°9>773 3 4

4.942 o o-J 31,500 o o 590 12 6

197 5

925,973 *7

£. 1,412,260 10 ol

o

li

Oi

This being the Sixty-sixth Half-yearly* Account, made up pursuant to the Act 9° Georgii inii. Page 367, is humbly presented this 17th Duv of January 1756, by me,

J. West.

8:

k

R‘;i)Uc

N In o>> f Xaci ic$.

Ditto.

Infrlvent P<- btors.

29 Geo. II. 170 Januani.

379

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the I-louse.

A Pet tion of Sir Henry Hoyhton Baronet, Thomas Clifton, William Farington Esquire, Ralph Esquire,

Lawrence Rawftorne Esquire, and the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgefl'es, of the Borough of Prejlcn, in the County of Lancaster, being Owners and Proprietors of several ancient Fisheries in the River Ri, in the County of Lan-cafiyr: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, l and-owners, and Inhabitants, in the county of ;

Were federally presented to the House, and read; reciting several Provisions contained in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fill) taken by Foreigners being imported into tins Kingdom, and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish, and for giving Leave to import Lobster.-. and Turbots in foreign Bottoms, and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England: And also reciting Part of another Act, made in the 23d Year of ti>e Reign of his present Majesty, whereby some of the Provisions in the said former Act, relating to the taking and killing of Salmon in the River Ribble, were altered: And letting forth the Manner in which the Fisheries in the said River hath, as well fir.ee as before the first-men-tior.cd Act, and for time immemorial, been carried on; and that a Doubt hath lately arisen, whether, by the strict Words of the said full-mentioned Act, the Proprietors of the Fisheries in the said River can at any time whatever use their Fisheries in the manner they have anciently and usually done: And alleging, that in case the same cannot, by the Terms and Construction of the said Act, legally be done, the said Fisheries will in a great measure become ule-leis, and be loft, without any Advantage resulting thereby to the public: And therefore praying the ldoufe to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for explaining and amending the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King George the Fit ft, lb far as relates to the Fisheries in

e*.

the said River Babble-, and that the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of the said Fisheries, and their Lessees and Tenants, may be at Liberty to use and exercise their rd'neftive Fisheries therein, in the same manner as they have anciently and usually done, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Preir.iles as to the House shall seem proper and reasonable.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto lubtcribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners were, on the First Day of January last, and yet are, Prisoners confined for Debt in his Majesty’s Gaol the Castle of ca(ler\ and that by an Act, passed the last Sc (lion of Parliament, for the Relict of inl'olvcr.t Debtors, every Sheriff, Gaoler, or Keeper, of any Prison or Prisons, were required to make an alphabetical Lift of the Names of the Persons, who, upon the Full Day of January 1 75c, were in their Custody for any Debt, era. and with the Names of the Persons at whole Suit such Prisoners were detained; and should deliver the same to the Juf-Mices, at their First General or Quarter Session of the "Peace to ho hclden after the 31st Day o {March 17 55, for eaeli County, Riding, Division, City, Town, and Liberty respectively; and that the First General Session of the Peace lor the County of Lancaster, next after the said 31st Day of March, was holden on the 8th Day of April f dioo ing; and the said Act did n >t, as the Petitioners are informed, pat's the House till the 141I1 Day of the said Mouth of A pH/, and had net the Royal Af-

Vci. 27.

sent until the 25th Day of the same Month; so that it-was absolutely impracticable for the Sheriff or Goaler to deliver a List as directed by the said Act, as the said First Session alter the said 31st Day of March happened long before the pa fling thereof; and that the Petitioners applied, at the First Session after the passing of the said Abt, to be discharged pursuant thereto, and did every thing required of them; but such Lift not having been made out and delivered to the justicesat the Session holden in April last, the Time limited by the said Act for that Purpose, and that being made use of as an Objection against the Petitioners Discharge, the Court was of Opinion, that as the Ait now Hands, the Petitioners could not be legally discharged, and they were therefore remanded; and still labour under the Miteries of a Goal, and cannot be relieved without some Amendment of the said Act, or some other Assistance from Parliament: And therefore praying, That the same of the Petitioners may be taken into Consideration, and such Relief granted them as may be thought proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Lords of the several Manors of flantinj

Woolen, Abingworth, Paddington, Betckworth,

Bedding ton, Ravensbury, Banjled, and Walton upon the

Hill, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House and read; letting forth, That the said several Manors do contain great Quantities ofwafte Land, which are unfit for Tillage or Pafiure, but are capable of railing great Numbers of different Kinds of Trees; and that the planting of such waste Grounds, and the felling and sawing of the Trees, and the converting of the same to various LJles, would employ many poor Persons, and be extremely beneficial to the Public; and that the Peti- < tioners are willing that the Monies arising by the Sale of such Trees may be applied to the Relief of the Poor, and other Uses for the Benefit of the respective Parishes where* in such Plantations are situated, after allowing a reasonable Compensation lor the same to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made for planting such Waft.es, and applying the Monies aiiling by such Plantations in such manner as the House Hull think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Royal Boroughs of- Scotland, in be- Herring half of themselves, and many others of his Majesty’s in- Fifoery* dustrious Subjects, waspresented to the House, and read; complaining of various Exactions and Oppressions, as well as other Hardships and Difficulties, under which, the Petitioners allege, the open Boat Herring Fishery has, for a long time, laboured; and representing the great Utility of the said Fishery; and alleging, that notwithstanding those Grievances are contrary to the Laws in being, yet the Methods prescribed by those Laws for obtaining Re-dress, are extremely tedious and expensive, and, in some Places, almost impracticable; and it is become absolutely necessary that those Laws should be explained, amended, and enforced; and that it would also greatly tend to the Advantage of the said Fishery, if proper Regulations were established for the Government therof; and further alleging, that the Method prescribed for obtaining the Bounties upon Fish, in some of the Western Ports of Scotland, and in Shetland, is liable to great Frauds; and that, by tevera! Regulations contained in the Laws in being, the Fisheries, and the- making of good Salt, in that Part of the united Kingdom, are not only greatly difeou-raged and impeded, but the whole Kingdom, and the Revenueconsiderably prejudiced: And therefore praying the House to take theft Matters into then Consideration, and to grant such adequate and proper Relief, as their Nature and Importance, upon Inquiry, shall appear to requite.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table/

A Petition ot William Markham Doctor of Laws, and Deaa’s Thomas Salter Esquire, was presented to the House, and Y/rd,

read; Weu.ni:;(U-r.

WestmibArr Tifti Market.

Mallors’f

Lfcafe

from the Bran of VY'cllminster.

580 17° Januari 1756.

iread; letting forth, That by an Act, palfed irt the last Session of Parliament, to enable the Petitioners to build Houses, and open a Square, in and upon a certain Piece of Ground called Dean's Yard, Wand several Pieces of Ground contiguous thereto, the Petitioneisarereftiained from treating for, or buying,-any Parcels of Ground, or to pull down any Houses, for opening and making such Square, unless Notice thereof be given in Writing to the Owners of the said Ground or Houses on or before the 24th Day of June 1756; and alleging, that by reason of the Illness of the Lord Bishop of Dean of

minster, the Petitioners are prevented from treating with the Chapter of Westminster, as to the Purchaseof Ground belonging to the said Church, which is requifne to be done before the Petitioners can fix a Plan for the intended Square and Streets, and before they can forma Judgment what Ground and Houses must be purchased and pulled down for completing I'uch Squares and Streets: And therefore praying, That Leave may be give to bring in a Bill for granting to the Petitioners such further Time forgiving such Notices, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Richard Hughes was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the 23d Year of his Majesty’s Reign, an Act was made for erecting a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of -

Jter, and a Piece of Ground near Cannon Row was thereby allotted for the said Market; and that the Petitioner did, in April 1753, among many others, deliver to the

Trustees for carrying the Act into Execution a Proposal, in Writing, for taking such Ground, and building Houses and Shops thereon; which Proposal was accepted; pursuant to which, the Petitioner erected on the said Ground Eight good and substantial Brick Houses, according to the Directions of the Surveyor to the Trustees, and got the same covered in by Christmas 1753, at the Expence of upwards of £.i, Soo.; and, reciting a Clause in a Lease granted to the Petitioner by the said Trustees, after the Houses were covered in; by which Clausethe Petitioner is restrained from permitting any Person to inhabit or occupy any House, Shop, or Building, which is or shall be erected upon any Part of the Premises, who shall exercise or carry on therein, or on any Part thereof, any Occupation or Bu-liness other than buying and selling of Fish; in which Clause the Petitioner was obliged to acquiesce, the Trustees being of Opinion, that they were not authorized by the Act to grant a Lease without a Covenant of this Kind; and alleging, that the Petitioner has laid out the greatest Part of his Fortune in erecting these Houses, and fitting Six of them for Fishmongers, with Shops, and other Conveniences requisite for that Trade, according to the Covenants of his Lease; and the same have been completely finished a long time; and that the Petitioner has used all Means in his Power to let the Houses to Fishmongers, or Persons dealing in Fish, and, wtih great Difficulty, has got Two of the Houses let to Fishmongers; but they seem inclined to quit the fame; and that there is not the least: Appearance that ever the said Market will be established; which must prove the utter Ruin of the Petitioner and his Family, unless some Relief is speedily granted: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioner into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of James Mallors, of the Parish of James, within the Liberty of fV Builder, was presentecl to the House, and read; reciting several Provisions in an Act, passed in the 26th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for impowering the Petitioner, at his own Costs and Charges, to open and build a new Street from the West Side of King Street, in the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the City of Westminster, to the back Part of the Houses, Gardens, and Yards, situate on the West Side of Delakaye Street, in the same Parish; and alleging, that the Petitioner hath caused the said Street tobedeligned and laid

out, and bath expended a very large Sum of Money, as well in purchasing Ground and Houses necessary lor making the Exchanges with the Dean and Chapter of minster, directed by the said Act, and in making and opening the said Street, as in building several Houses on each Side thereof; but was not able to procure proper Conveyances to him or his Trustees, of all the Estates necessary for the said Purposes, so as to complete such Exchanges with the said Dean and Chapter, and obtain from them such Lease or Leases, as aforementioned, within the Time by the said Act of Parliament limited for granting thereof, and which is now expired; notwithstanding ail Matters relating thereto wercfettled between the said Dean and Chapter and the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner must be a very great Sufferer, in case the said Dean and Ciiapter are not impowered to grant him a Lease or Leases of the several Estates (within the Bounds and Limits described in the said Act) already veiled, and hereafter to be vested,i» them, pursuant to the said Act, for a larger Term than they are at present enabled to grant: And therefore praying the Houseto takethe PremisesintoConfiderarion; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church cf St. Peter at Westminster, and their Succ'flVs, to grant to the Petitioner such Pieces of Ground, Mu Adages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Bounds and Limits described in the said Act, as now are, or in Consequep.ee of the said Act shall be, vested in them, on a Lease or Leases for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgesses, of the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and other Inhabitants of the fame, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the H. u(c, and read; reciting Part of an Act, made in the 22d Year f his present Majesty’s Reign, for amending the Ro..ci leading from War.sford Bridge, in the County of

to the Town or Borough of , in the Ccam . f

Lincoln; and letting forth, That the said Coad hath a repaired and maintained at an Expence of about/.

which hath been borrowed upon the Credit of the ' granted by the said Act, arid ftiil remains un; a d; t 1 alleging, that the said Road requires a much larger Sum of Money to be annually laid out in the Repair and Support of it than can be raised by the present Tol.s; and that the said Road must become runious again, unless a Provisionbe forthwith made for supportirg the fame, by enlarging the said Tolls, and varying the Terms and Powers in the said Act; and setting forth. That the said Road from the said Borough of Stamford to leford Bridge, in the Parish of By hall, in the County of Rutland, and from thence to Bourr.e, in the said Coutvy ot Lincoln, is become ruinous, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging, varying, and altering, the Term and Powers in the said Act; and also for repairing the said Road from the said Borough of Stamford to Staphford Bridge, anil from thence to Bourne, in the said County of Lincoln, and for such other Purposes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barbor, Mr.' Vernon, Mr. Cooke, Sir James Creed, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Forr sterf Mr. Kyr.afton, Sir Mat; he tv Lam be, Mr.

Dig by, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. William Levcfon Gower, Sir John Cust, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. More, S;r Francis Poole, Lord Ma/pas, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Crojje, Mr. Vaughan, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. M1. C« ft >

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Barrow, Colonel Haldane, Mr.

Cheneynd, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Moore, Mr. Mr. C.t-

Wanrfori

Brdge

to

Starr tfV Road.

Tinwell

Inclosure.

Vcorron

Road.

29 Geo. IL 11° Januarti.

.JJoztt, Mr. Pitt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Rutland, and

York, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the right honourable Earl of

Exeter, Lord of the several Manors of St. Martins Stamford Baron, in the County of Northampton, and Tinwell, in the County of Rutland, and Patron of the several Pa-.rishes and Parish Churches of St. Martins Stamford and Tinwell, aforesaid, and alto Impropriator of all the redtorial Tythes arising within the said Parish of St. Martins Stamford Baron, and the reverend "Daniel Downe, Vicar of the said Parish Church of St. Martins Stamford Baron, and the reverend Joseph Digby, Rector of the said Parish of 7 'inwell, and of several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Parcels of Land of and in the several open common Fields and common Grounds lying and being within the several Parillies aforesaid; and also of the said Earl of Exeter, and of divers other Persons being entitled to Common of Failure in and upon a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground in the said Parish of St. Martins Stamf rdBaron, called the Cow Pasture, in Right of their several Messuages or Tenements lying and being in the said Parish, and whole Names are thereunto also. subscribed; was {.relented to the House, and read; letting forth. That by Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 14th Day of December 1755, it is agreed, that the said several open and common Fields and common Lands within the said several Parillies, hull be divided and inclosed, for the mutual Convenience and Benefit of all the Parties interested therein; and that the said common Failure, called the Cow Pasture, shall be enjoyed by the said Earl of Exeter, and fuels Person or Persons as, for the Time being, (had be entitled to the Freehold and Inheritance of the said Manor of St. Martins Stamford Baron, in Consideration of Other Lands lying within the said Parish of St.Marlins Stamford Baron, of sufficient Value,

to be granted by the said Earl of Exeter to the said several other Persons, who have Right of Common in the said Cow Failure, and their Hcir$, in Satisfaction of their respective interests therein, in the manner llipulated and agreed in and by the said Articles; and alleging, that although the carrying of the said Articles into Execution will be of great Advantage to all the Parties concerned, and an Improvement of their several Properties, yet the same cannot be established without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and cflahlithing the said Articles, and the several Allotments and Divisions to be made for the Use of the respective Parties concerned in the Premises, in such Manner, and for such Purposes, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given tobring in a Billpurfuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Barbor and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, Freeholders of the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the Eloufe, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is ordered to be brought in for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of Tewkejlury to Cofcomb Gate, and from lfabePs Elm to the Top of Gotherington Hill, in the County of and

from Tezvkejb:ry to a Farm-house called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Dirctdon Pofi in the Parish of Ripple, and to St monJs Ford Brook, and from to

Bridge, in the County of IV ore eft cr; and from to IV&inleads Bridge, and to the Three Mile Slone in the Tu.np:ke Road from Tetburyto Cirencester, and from the Market-house in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from Bur ford to Gloucester, near a Tree called Puefdon

Ash, in the said County of G; and setting forth, IT.at the Road leading from Tewkesbury aforesaid to the

Vol. 27.

City of Gloucester, is about Ten Mi es, and the Road from T ewkejburyto Cheltenham is about Nine Miles, and the Road from Cheltenham to Gloncejltr is also about Nine Miles; and that about Four Miles of the Road from Tewkesbury to Cheltenham to the Hand and Post at or near Combe Hill, is Part also of the Road leading from bury to the City %of Gloucester-, and that about Two Miles more of the same Road leading from the Smith’s Shop at or near a Place called Bedlam, to Cheltenham, is also Part of the Road leading from Cheltenham to Gloucester; and that the said several Roads are in a ruinous Condition, and, in many Places, very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being; and that the other Road leading from Tewkejlury to called

the lower Road to GloucefttY, except a small Part thereof,

which leads to a Ferry crols the River runs chiefly

through certain Meadows and Grounds parallel with, and contiguous to, the said River, and is generally overflowed in Winter, and frequently in Summer, and thereby rendered impafi'able, and the greatest Part thereof is only a Bridle Way, leading through some of the said Meadow's, and dole adjoining to the said River, and not pals-able for Carriages: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that all the said Road leading from Trwkesbury to Gloucester, and from Gloucester to Cheltenham, may be included in the said Bill,

and a proportional Part of the Tolls collected thereby may be applied towards the Repair of the said Roads; and that the said lower Road leading from Tewkejlury to Wainloads Bridge, may be left out of the said Bill; or that a Bill may be brought in for repairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Hand and Post at Comb Hill, and also from the said City to Cheltenham, or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and In* habitants, residing in or near the City of Gloucester, and the several Market Towns, Parishes, and Places, in the County of Gloucester, lying near, or adjoining to, the Hoads therein after-mentioned, whose Names are there* unto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Inhabitants, and Tradesmen, living in and near the Towns of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, Borough of Cricklade, and Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, and others of the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the Town of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, through the several Parishes of Great Cexweil, and Tything of Eastrop, to the Town of Highworth, and from thence through the several Parishes and Tything of Wtftrop, Staunton, Honnington, Bury Blunjden, and Broad B/unfden, and by a certain House called Cold Harbour to the Borough of Cricklade-, and from thence, the usual and common Way, leading through the several Parishes and Tything of Great Chelworth, Lye, Minely, MalmJburys Charlton, to the Borough of M; and from thence

through the Parishes of East on Gray, Pinkney, Shaft on, Luckington, to join the Turnpike Road at Acton in the County of Gloucester-, and also the Road from the Town of Tetbury, in the County of Gloucester, leading through the several Parishes and West Fort, to and through the Town of aforesaid, and from thence to Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and also the Road leading from Sher-fton aforesaid, through the Parishes of and

Hawkesbury, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath, the said Road from the Town of don to Alton Turville aforesaid, and the said Roads herein before-mentioned, being great Roads, and much fre-

j E quested

Farnhgdqni

tcc.

Road.

38 2 \q° — 190 Januarii. A. 1756.

xjuented by Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, for many Years last pad have been, and now are, io very ruinous, as in many Places, in the Winter Seaton, to be itlaiod impafiable, and in many Parts thereof, very nar- row and incommodious; and that the Roads aforesaid cannot be widened, repaired, and kept in l'ufficient Repair, by the ordinary Methods of La^v: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House lbail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lord Strange, Mr.

Baynlitii, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Charles Mr.

Barrow, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. More, Mr. Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Prove/;, Lord Malpas, Mr. Northcy, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Campbell, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Bateman, Sir James Creed, Sir Charles Kemys Tyute, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr. Hamilton,

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Jenyns, Sir John CroJJ'e, Colonel Bofcawtn, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlicott, Mr. Gajltry, Mr. Phillip/on, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Belchier-, and all the Members

who lerve for the Counties of Berks, Wilts, Dorset, -Jet, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning, Nine of the Clock.

LuncCy 190 die;

Anno 29* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Lowndes, from the Treasury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1755, hath been disposed of, distin-

fuished under the several Heads, until the 19th Day of any.ary 1756, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon: And also,

An Account of the Disposal of the One million granted last Session of Parliament towards enabling his Majesty to augment his Forces by Sea and Land, and to take necessary Measures for the Security of his Dominions. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth j viz.

DispositioR of Grant*

Ditto*

SO

c

o

Am ACCOUNT shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1755> hath been dispofrJ of; difiiuguiihcd under the several Heads, until the 13th Day of r

January 1756; and the Parts remaining unsatisfiod, with the Deficiency thereupon.

SERVICES.

ct

A

V

o

a

6

I:or t’le V ichiallhig, Wages, Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Vi£lua!ling thereof, for 12,000 Men, for 13 Months, from the lit J in inn, 17-5 - - " "

ror the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea Officers ——

Towards the Support of t lie Koval I lofjiit.il at Greenwich -

Tow aids the ihiildings. Kebuiidings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1755 -

Towards paying oifaud difehurging the Debt of the Navy., . -

' For Ordnance, Sea Service - - - - -v -

For Land Services, the Sum voted was /. 119,316. 10s.; hut there being a Saving on that Head, of the Sum of/. 2,4.76. 129. 6d. by Vacancies of the Polts of the Matter General, Secretary, Under Secretary, and Clerk to the Master General, and Chief Engineer, that Sum is deducted, and no more charged than ——

l or defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament -

For defraying the Charge of 18,857 Men, for his MajestyN Land Forces in Great Britain, Jerfiy and Gucrnfiy, for the Year 1755 For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces ail® Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Gibraltar, Nora Scotia, Nciv found I and, and Providence, for the Year 1755 -

For defraying the extraordinary Expence of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Sendees, incurred in the Year 1755, and not provided for by Parliament -

For the reduced Officers of his Maj city’s Land Forces and Marines, upon Account -

I For Allowances to Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horle, reduced, and to the \ superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards ——

For Pensions to the Widows of reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines -

For Out Pensioners of Che lfi a llolpital, upon Account ——

To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty -

The like with the King of Poland, Elector of Saxony ——

Fortlie Cliaigc of Two Regiments of Foot to be raised in North America - -

For the Charge of several Officers to go with the Forces under the Command of the late Major General Braddock -

vEor the Charge of the Olhcers to attend the Hospital established for that Service -

For supporting and maintaining his Majffly’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1755 -

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and Expences attending the same -

Towards laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from Carlisle to Nnucajllc upon Tyne ——

For maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coall of Africa - - - ‘ -

Towards the Expences incurred in building a Fort at Annamaboe -

To Thomas Stevens as a Reward for discovering his Method of making Pot Ash, and introducing that Manufacture into the British Plantations in America - . -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty 1753, at Lady-day 1755 To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax 1753, at Michaelmas 1755

H5

£ s. d.

5p ‘2, SCO — —

2 80,28 8 14 1

10,000 — —

ICO,000 — —

700,000 — —

; 31,200 — —

116,889 17 6

32,250 8 8

628,315 7 11

236,420 18 6]

60,254 8 —

47,°°o —

3,735 9 7

2,562 — —

59,791 12 1

20,000 — —

32,000 — —

4°*35o 15 —

7.338 2 6

1,779 7 6

Sums granted.

103,653 17 2>i

51,000 — —

£ * d-

i, CS3,o3S 14 J

180,340 6 2

Sums paid.

1,130,548 1 i;

40,418 7 8

2,957 io

6.000 — —

10,000-----

6.000 — —

3.000 -

>54,fi53 »7 3i

£ ' d-

1,582,419 7 9

180,340 6 2

Sums

remaining to be paid.

£- * *-

100,659 6 4.

1,048,779 5 <i\

38,010 1S p 2,957 10 —

6.000 -

10,000-----

6.000 -

3.000 — —

154^53 '7 3’

VO

o

s?

1

90,768 15 Ilf 2,407. 8 li

OO

Towards enabling his Majesty to augment his Forces by Sea and Isanti, and bo take necessary Meafares for the Security of his Dominions To Money paid for Lotfe* by the infectious Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle - - - '

For tha incidental Expences of the Lottery, Rewards to Managers, and to the Bank for receiving Contributions - -

£- ». d.

1» £00,000 — —

4*30 -

10,698-----

4,241,004 16 4!

£ * d.

1,100,000 -

4.300-----

10,69s —

4.047.169 5 9

£ d.

‘93^35 11 2f

Remains to be issued on the Land Tax, exclufire of,£.25,833. *j\d. referred to make good Deficiencies of former Supplies - Of the Sinking Fund, Kefidue of£. 1,420,000 1 66,256 8 l*4>540 16 if 190.797 4 32

Deficiency of the Grants 1755 - £ 3*038 6 lof

u>

00

o

cq

n'

CD

CL

cr

p

5. d.

750,000

1.000. 000

1.000. 004 1,420,000

3.34*

16,494

28,7101

*9.923

19 2f 17 10J 19 8

12 9

Ways and Means towards the said Service*

By the Malt Duties, continued ^4ntio 1755.

By 2 s. per Pound on Land, Anno 1755*

By a Lottery charged on the Sinking Fund*

Out of the Sinking Fund Overplus of Grants, Anno 1754.

Surplus of the Duty on Coals since Lady-day 1719.

Surplus of the Fund for Lottery 1^14.

Surplus of the Duty on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors*

Memorandum: There is referred of Exchequer Bills, to* be vaised on the Land Tax, for discharging Arrears of former Supplies, as above-mentioned, the Sara of ,£.25,835. 3s. 7id. viz.

For the late Marine Regiments -

Building the King's Lenck Prison -The African Company's Creditors Georgia Bills, in full of £* *5/496* *9* li

4,*37>9to 9 5$

3,038 6 ioJ Deficiency of Grants*

4,241,004 16 4

This Account, stated in Obedtoce to hit MajeAyVComjnand, upon an Addreli of this honourable House, is humbly presented, this vgxh Day of fanuary 1756, by

£ s, d,

- *6,506 5 *1

- 7,800 — —

- 900 12 10

~ 6*8 5 7>

5.835 S 7i

Chet. Lowndes.

S'

1

h

N

Oi

Os

29 Geo. II.

19°. Janu

385

An ACCOUNT of the Disposal of the One million granted Inst Session of Parliament towards enabling |,fs Majesty to augment his Forces by Sea and Land, and to take necessary Measures for the Security of his Dominions.

N A V Y.

For 10 000 additional Seamens Wages, Wear and Tear, Victualling, S?c. - - ' ' - -

Orii»*net* S*‘a Service - -

Marines, Levy money, Subsistence, Clothing, *S't\ ——

V OllC E S.

For Lcvy-monry, P?\, Camp Ncrcfianes, Arms, and Tents, toi Halkett’s and Dunbar’s Regiments of loot, remitted to 1 irginiu ——

For Levy-money, P.iy, Camp Necessaries, Forage-money, Baggage money, and Bas II or (Vs, for Laj-celles's I. nrharmns, ant) llojdhns Regiments of Foot, remitted to B*ston - -

For Anns a d 1 ents for Shirley's and PeppcrclCs Regiments of Foot -

For 365 Days full Pay of Two additional Companies of Adlcrcrun s Regiment of Foot -

For the like Pay to 46 Serjeants ami 1,012 private Men added to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards For the like Pay ol Non-commission Officers and private Men added to Lord George Benttmk’s and Colonel F«>r/fi*.s Regiments of Foot, and to Six other Regiments of Foot from Ireland For Levy-money allowed the 3 Regiments of Foot Guards, and 8 Regiments of Foot from Ireland-For Camp Nec diaries, Forage-money, Bas Ilorles, and Baggage-money, allowed to Ten Regiments

to take the Field ....

For Camp Ncceflarics allowed Two Regiments of Dragoons in North Britain, under Orders to take the Fie id - - - * -

For Camp Necessar.es allowed General Bland’s.and Eight otherilegiments of Dragoons, to take the

Fir Id -.....-----

For Camp Nece.Tal ies, and also Forage-money, Bas Ilorfes, and Baggage-money, allowed Seven Regiments of Foot under the like Orders ——

Paid to the Landgrave of Ilrift Vaffel for a Moiety of Levy-money, pursuant to Treaty For the Difference of Pay between 9 Lieutenants and 9 Ensigns of Lord Robert Bertie’s Regiment of Foot, from 25 th jMarch to 24 th December 1755 ——

Fur 183 Days full Pay of Fifty Lieutuiauts, added to Five Regiments in North America, to 24 December ! 75,5 - -

For 92 Days full Pav, to 24 December 1755, inclusive, for Two additional Companies to each of Nineteen Regiments of Foot i:i Great Britain - -

For 73 Days full Pay to the said Time for 12 independent Companies -

For 01 Days lull Pay to the said Time, of 1 Corporal and 15 private Men, added to each Troop of then Regiments of Dragoons in Great Britain -

For Camp NecHVaries to the Firl't Battalions of the 3 Regiments of Foot Guards, and to Colonel YorkPs and Major General Robot’s Regiments, under Orders to take the Field - For Levy-money for Two additional Companies of 100 private Men each to each of the 10 Regiments of Foot in Great Britain, at/*. 3 per Man, and for ir, private Men tu each Troop of the 11 Regiments of Dragoons in Great Britain, at /.1.6s. per Man - - - *-

For an Allowance for providing 16 Ilorfes per Troop for the said additional Men, and for 1 Corporal, added to each Troop of the liiid 11 Regiments of Dragoons -

For Bas 1 lories to 9 Regiments of Dragoons in England, and to the First Battalions of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards ——

For Baggage-money for the said Battalions of Foot Guards 'rVy - -

To complete the Allowance for Forage-money for 10 Regiments to take the Field For 61 Days full Pay to 24th December 1755, inclusive, of Non-commission Officers and private Men drafted from (lie Out Pensioners of Chelfeu Ilo!pita!, and added to Two Independent Companies of Invalids at Sheerness ——

For 50 Days full Pay to 24 December 1755, inclusive, of Non-commission Officers and private Men of the Invalids at Portsmouth ——

For 61 Days full Pay to the 24 December 1755, inclusive, for the additional Men and Horses tQ the Royal Regiment of Ilorfe Guards ——

For Levy money for 72 Horses of the said Augmentation, at £.26 per Horse - For the full Pav of Two Independent Companies formed from the Out Pensioners of Chelsea Ilofpi-tal, being for 43 Days, to 24 December 1755 -

For the Pay of several Stall*Officers and private Men drafted, and added to Sir Peter flulkct’s and Colonel Dunbar’s Regiments of Foot in Virginia - - - - -' ' -

For 200 Days Forage-money to the 3 Regiments of Foot Guards -

For Bas Horses for the Dragoons

For 100 Days Forage-money to 13 Regiments of Foot ——

For Camp Noceflaries for the Royal Regiment of Ilorfe Guards -

To the Colonels of the 11 Regiments of Dragoons for Ilorfe Furniture and Accoutrements for the additional Men ——

To Mr. Gardiner, being so much advanced by him for Subsistence to the 40 C°nnniffion Officers and 20 Drummers, being the Augmentation of Sir Peter JIalkct’s and Colonel Dunbar’s Regiments, from the n't of December 1754, to the 7U1 of January 1755, both Days inclusive -

Fa’d, by virtue of the Lords Justices Warrant, to Messieurs Tomlinson and Hanbury, to be remitted in Specie for extraordinary’ Services of his Majesty’s Forces in Virginia -Remitted by Metlinurs rTo ml inf on and 11 anbury, in Specie, for the Expence of the Forces under General Brad dock

Remitted by Mr. Baker, in Specie, to Mr. Laurence, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia To Meflicurs Tomlinson and Jlanbury, to be remitted in Specie to Bojton - -

More, to an fiver Bills o; Exchange drawn upon them - - ‘ -

To Mr. Kilby, to satisfy Mr. Lawrence’s Bills -

Navy - -

Ordnance Marines Forces - -

Bills for North America Ditto - by Mr. Kilby -

494,00° 26,000 50.858 297.64»

100,000

3».5oo

H

5

3t

8*

£ '

9.777 *4 2

22/3-21 14 !1

881 18 a 2,719 5 — 23.554 >3 4

104,03ft 6 4

9.376 -

7,090 — —

660 16 —

3,130 16 4

- 5,56l *9 ---

23,821 .7 6

123 l5

2,135 —

17,664-----

3,441 10 —

5,997 16

1,521 15 i£

12,745 10 —

23,184-----

97 -

5,o -

»55-----

195 4 — 316 13 4

549-----

1,872-----

332 10 8

376 6 10

l,4°o-----

OGo — —

2,535-----

500 2 8

6,444 12 —

84 18 10

20,000 -

30,000 -

10,000 -

20,000 -

20,000 — — V,

L- d. 404.000 — I — , 26,000 — — 30,858 14 5!

297.641 5 8J

100,000 — 3G500 —

1,000,000-----

£. 1,000,000-----

This Account, dated in Obedience to his Majesty’s Command, upon an Address of the

honourable House, is humbly presented, this 19th Day oI January 1756, by Cha. Lo^nJet.

VOL.

27-

F

Ordered,

386 igv Januarii A. 756,

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mynor*’ An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Manors Esquire, and his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Gouge, in pursuance of the Will of Nicholas Gouge, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Morgan, Mr. Symons, Mr. Foley, Mr. , Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Yorke, Mr. , Mr. More, Sir Charles Mordamt, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Baukts, Mr. Bold, Sir Beauchamp Sir

John Cust, Lord Strange, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Hill, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Gajhry, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. . Mr. Webb, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Drake, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Garth, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Ptwney, Colonel Mr.

hend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, and And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it Hood at Christmas la ft, be laid before this House.

ofscameu Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1754 to the 31st Dec 1735, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

OIShips.m* Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direction to the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1756.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Refutation Ordered, That the Copy of all the Proceedings trans-ofa mitted from the Court of Vice Admiralty in Jamaica to the Commissioners for hearing Appeals in Prize Causes, relating to the Condemnation of the Spanish Polacra Anna Maria ySt. Felix, in the said Court of Vice Admiralty, which was presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January 1755, be referred to the Committee, to whom it is referred to examine, and date to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the Petition which was presented to his Majesty, intituled, "The humble Petition of James Tierney, of London, Merchant, Agent for and on be-" half of Don Libino Bernardo Pander and others,

" Merchants, residing at Cadiz, and Subjedh of his " Catholic Majesty the King of Owners of the " Money and Effects heretofore taken on board the Spanish Polacra Anna Maria y St. Felix, by a Squadron of " your Majesty’s Ships under the Command of Admiral " Knozvles."

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from the Governor of 1 he Havaunah to Admiral Knowles, dated the 17th of October 17 j8, with the Translation thereof (which was presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January 1755} be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter from Admiral Reggio to Admiral Knowles, dated the 17th of October 1748, with the Translation thereof (which was presented to the House upon the 31st Day of January 1755,) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Claim exhibited by James Tierney, on behalf of the Owners of the said Polacra and her Cargo, on the 8th of 1749, before the Commissioners (yvhi.D was presented to the House upop the 31st

Day of January 1755,) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Decree or Judgment pronounced by the Commissioners on the A; peal, on the 26th of March 175?., decreeing Relbtution of flic Cargo (which was presented to the I ioute upon the 3 iff Day ut January 1753) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Order of the Commissioners, dated the tub of June 17 52, referring it to Merchants to a [certain the Value of the Cargo (which was prefer.ted to the House upon the 51st Day 1735), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Merchants Re;>ort, dated the 13th of February 1753, in pursuance of the Order (which Copy was presented to the I louse upon the 31st of January 1755) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Order of the Commissioners, dated the 15th of March 1733, confirming the Report (which Copy was presented to the House upon the 31 ft Day of January 1733} be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift exhibited on behalf of Rear Admiral Charles Knowles Esquire (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1755) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift exhibited on behalf of Captain Poly carpus Taylor (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1755) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift exhibited on behalf of Captain Edward Clarke and Captain David Brodie (which was presented to the House upon the 3th Day of February 1735) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift exhibited on behalf of Captain Charles Pozv/ett and Captain Edmund Toll (which was presented to the House upon the 3th Day of February *755) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a Copy of tlieTranftation of the Register of the Cargo of the said Ship, exhibited on behalf of Francis Mo.'la, and others, the Owners and Persons inter-efted in the said Ship and Cargo (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1 753) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That, the Copy of the Translation of an Estimate of the Value of the Ship and Cargo, amounting to £.16,224. lor. 7 d.exhibited as aforesaid (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1755) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Translation of a Certificate of Mr. John Celebrooke, his Majesty’s Coniul at Cadiz, as to the Amount and Value of the Bricks and Money which were shipped on the Owners Account, and for the Service of the Ships exhibited as afmelaid (which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February 1755) he referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Translation of a Certificate of the same Coniul and Merchants, as to the Cofe and Value of the Ship exhibited as aforelYd (which was presented to the House upon the cth Day of 1733) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Articles *f of the preliminary' Articles for restoringa General Peace, signed at Aix la Chc.pelle on the 19th of 1748, ke.

O. S. by the Ministers of his Majesty, the most Citrillian King, and the States General of the United Provinces; with a Translation thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Accession of the King of Spain and of the Republic of Genoa to the said preliminary Articles, on the 17th of June 1748.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Royal Cedula from the King of Spain, dated -1 it of May 1 749, to his Governors in the West Indies, to make Restitution to the Englishof all Captures taken from them

by the Subjects of the King of Spain fir.ee the 9th of Atigvft 1748, N. f>.} with a Translation thereof.

Ordered,

Windmill

Hill

Road.

29 Gfco. II. rp6 Januarii, 387

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Royal Ccdula from the King of Spain, dated the ift July 1752, to his Governors in the West Indies, to make Restitution, out of the royal Treasury and Chests, to the iirit’JhMerchants, according to what may appear

from the Acts of Valuation at the public Sales of the Efieish; with a Translation thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the royal Ccdula from the King of dated the

5th Day of October 1754, to his Governors in the West Indies. ordering Kestitution trt be made to the out of the Royal Treasury and Chests, according to the Invoices; with a Translation thereof.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that the said Copies and Translations may be laid before this Houft.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by fuel) Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Stones End, near Shoreditch Church, to the Center of the Bridge in Old Street Road; and through O/d Street, in the Parish of St. Luke, dlesex, to the West End of the said Street, next the Pavement in Gofzvell Street; and also of several other Persons

usually travelling the said Roads* was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Roads mentioned in the said Act, and in the Bill now dependingin the House to enable the Trustees for repairingOA/ Street Road, to repair, widen, and make a Road, from the Sign of the Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through Worship Street, to the Ditch Side next the East Side of Holy Well Mount, and through a certain Ground to the Sign of the in

the Parishes of St. Luke and St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; or to lay open, repair, and widen, a Road from the said Red Lion, through the Dog , into the Old Street Road, in the said County} are, by reason of their Contiguity to the Suburbs of London, frequently in-fefted with Robbers, and other wicked and evil-disposed Personsj by which means l'evcral Persons, who, from the N’eceffity of their Affairs, are obliged to travel the (kid Roads in the Night-time, arc exposed to great Danger, and Outrages and V iolences have been frequently committed; and that if a proper Watch or Guard was kept on the said Roads (the Expence whereof, it is apprehended, may be defrayed out of the Monies arising by virtue of the said Act) such Disorders might in a great measure be prevented: And therefore praying the House, That Provision may be made in the said Bill to impower the said Trustees to maintain a nightly Watch on the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall appear to them to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProStor, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Newnham, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prowse, Sir Mr. ton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. More, Mr. Alderman Dickinson,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Salusbury, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Cope, Mr. Wilkinfcn, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Northey, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Eger ton, Mr.

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Mr. Townfl/end, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Alderman Baker;

and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of dlesex, Essex, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Hertford, and for the

City of London: Anil they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend ior Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vui.. 27.

Mr. Whichcotreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of O/d and New Sleaford, Kirby Afgarby,

ington, and Great Hale, in the County of Lincoln, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report thd fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Smith, being examined, said, That the Roads described in the said Petition are in a very ruinous Condition, and very narrow, and dangerous for Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Mr. Robert Kelham said, That he knoWs several Parts of the said Roads, which are very ruinous and narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are Appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and from the Town of Bourn to the Town of Colfterxorth, and from Donington High Bridge to the Cross Poll in the Parish of Hacconby, in the County of Lincoln, that they do make Provision, in the Ibid Bill, fot repairing and widening the Road from the East End of the Lane called Hale Drove, in the Parish of Great Hale, over -

ton Fenn, and through the Towns of Heckington and Kirby Laythorpe, to the Town of Old Sleaford, arid from the Town of Old Sleaford to the End of the long Hedge in the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln.

An ingrossed Bill for making and widening a Road from the East Side of the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a Way or Road into Shoreditch, and keeping the same in Repair^ was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 9. After " King," to insert " Thomas Chitty, f‘ Francis Cockayne

Pr. 18. L. *. After " Posts," to insert " Rails:"

Pr. ao. L. 6. Before " the," to insert " as Pr. 24. L. 13. After " to," to insert " vary the Rates lo adjudged by the said Trustees for such Materials or " for the Damage (b done as aforesaid*"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and widening a Road from the East Side of the Parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal , in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church > in the said Parish, and to open a Way or Road into Shoreditch, and keeping the same in Repair.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp ProSlor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, Estimate of the Charge of Ten regiments of Foot.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The (kid Estimate is as followed); viz.

Hale Drove I ine

Road; ,

Bet final Green Roads

Army

Estimate*

Basingfloke

Roads.

I9° Janu

4. 1756.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Foot.

FOOT.

Colonel Abercrombies Regiment -

Colonel Napier's -

Colonel Lambton's -

Colonel Whitmore's -

Colonel Campbell's -

Colonel Perry’s -

Lord Charles Manners -

Colonel Arabin's -

Colonel Anjlruther’s -

Colonel Montagu's -

Deduct.

By incorporating the additional Companies of the 19 giments of Foot

Number of private Men for the Ten Regiments -Incorporated by the additional Companies

Levy-money for 3,200 Men, at 3 each

Numbers. Pay for 366 Days. Total.

s. d. j I £ S. d.

- 815 - I5>259 3 — 1

- 815 - i5.259 3

- 815 - I5,259 3 —

- 8i5 - r5*259 3

- 815 - i5.259 3 —

- 815 - i5.259 J

- 815 - i5.259 3 —

- 815 - 15.259 3 —

- 8x5 - i5.259 3 —

- 815 8,150 15.259 3 — IS2,59 1 IO

Re-

- - 4,294 - 70,272

3.856 . 82,3x9 10 —

- 7,000

- 3,800

3,200:

9,600

Total - - - £ 91,919 10 —

War Office, 14th January 1756.

Barrington.

The Order of the Da}’, for the Second Reading of Recruitioj the Bill for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Ma- ttie L*! jesty’s Land Forces and Marines, being read; ForM5'

The laid Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Delaval reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Basingstoke, through to Lobcomb Cor-

ner, and other Persons residing near the said Road, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth1; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Edward Collins, [being examined, said, That he knows the Road from a Place called the Spittle House, in the Parish of Andover, in the County of Southampton, over Wey Hill, to Mullen's Pond, which Road branches out of the Road directed to be amended by the said Act of last Session; and that the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow, and cannot be repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the high Roads from Bafngstoke, through Popham Lane, Cranborn Water, Sutton Scotney, and Stockbridge, and the several Panlhesof Houghton, Broughton, Lower Wallop, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of in the County of ll~iIts, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from a Place called the Spittle House, in the Parish o(Andc-ver, over Wey Hill, to a Place called Mullen's Pond, in the Parish of Amporl, in the County of Southampton.

24

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Wiy|

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tmlMaoi. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange have Leave to make a Morion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

Ttrwktfbu’V

Way-k-Bone Street!, &c.

Insolvei ft Debtors.

29 Geo. IL

2o6 Janu

389

Mart is i 20° die yanuarit \

Anno 29® Georgii II*" Regis, 1756'. Prayers.

MR. John Martin presented to the House, according to Ordei, a Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of to

comb Gate, and from Isabel's Elm to the Top of ington Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and from burytoa. Farm House called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction Pole in the Parish of Ripple, and to Simonds Ford Brook; and from BreeJon to Eckington Bridge, in the County of Worcester; and from to kVainloads

Bridge, and to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road from Tclbury to Cirencester; and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from Burford to Gloucester, near a Tree called Ajli. in the said

County of Gloucester; And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of St. in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Sir Irm. Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Lockyer, Sir John Crojje, Mr. Brafjey, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Colleton, Sir Charles Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Barb or, Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Onslow, Lord Strange, Sir John Philipps, Mrr Reynolds, Mr. Sir John

Cust, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Lyfler, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Mr. Medli-cott, Mr. Secretary Fox, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Obrien, Sir Armine IViode house, Mr. Affleck, Lord George Sachet Mr. Townshend, Mr. Olmius, Colonel , Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Drax, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Boll, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Dodd, Mr.

Mr. Nugent, Lord Downe, Mr. OJbaldeston; and all the Members who krve for the Counties of , Essex,

Hertford, Suffolk, and Norfolk, and for the City of And they are co meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, relating to the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for Relief of Insolvent Debtors (which Petition was presented to the House upon Saturday lait, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That the First Clause of the said Act might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ob-

AnswPr to At drcfics for

an Account

Mailers^ Lease from the Dean, See. of

Westminster.

viate a Doubt ariien on an Acts, made in the last Session* of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors: And that the Lord Strange, Mr. Reynolds, Sir John Philips, Mr. Morton, and Mr. Fazakerley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Hobart reported to the House, That their several Addresses of Yesterday had been presented to his Majesty and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

The House was moved, That the Petition of James Mailers, of the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westmirfler, Builder(which was presented 10 the House upon Saturday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bril to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church ot Saint Peter at Westniiufler, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, compriled within certain Limits, for a larger Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant: And that Sir John Crojje and Colonel Cornwallis do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Oswald, from the Commissioners for Trade and Nova Scotia* Plantations, presented to the House, purl'uant to their Order,

Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ill of January 1754, to the 31st of December following: And all'o,

Estimate of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova tia, for the Year 1756.

Mr. Oswaldz.\foreported from the said Commissioners

foi Trade and Plantations, That the Order of this House,* made upon Thitrfday last, " That there be laid before this " House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges " incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement " of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ill " of January 1755, to the 31st of December following," cannot at present be complied with, by reason the proper Officers in- the said Colony have not transmitted any Accounts of the Expenditure, or any Vouchers for the Payment, of Money for the Year 1755, lower down than to the 30th of June last; but that, as loon as the Accounts and Vouchers are received, the Account will be made up with all possible Dispatch, and laid before the House.

The Titles of the said Accountand Estimate were read.

And the said Report was also read.

The Book, containing the said Account, is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the said Estimate are as followeth viz.

Vol. 27.

5.5

ACCOUNT

390

2o° Januarii.

A. 1755.

A3 COUNT of Money paid* and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nov* Scotia, for the Year 1754.

To Victualling supplied the Troops;

Colonel War bur ton'sznd Colonel Laf Regiments, the Artillery Company, Rangers, &c.

From 31 December to 27 January -

28 Janua yto 24 A!arc A -

2, March to 21 April -

22 April la 16 June ——

17 June to 14 July

15 July so 8 September ——

9 September to 3 November -

4 November to 1 December -

2 December to 29 December -

The original Establitliment of Colonel Regiment, confiding of

360 Men.

Front 1 January to 3 r March - -

I April to 30 June -

1 July to 30 September ——

1 October to 31 December -

The Augmentation of Colonel Hopfon's Regiment, confiding of412 Men. From 1 January to 23 March - -

24 March to 23 June -

24 June to 23 September -

24 September to 31 December

Deduct the Sum voted by Parliament towards victualling Colonel and Colonel Hopfon's Regiments - - - -

Person -

To Fees paid on Money received f our the Receipt of hs Majesty’s Exchequer 1 oSubfiOvnce, ad other Expences at tending the Company of Rangers To the Hire, Poribge Bit s, and other l xpences attending the Sloops armed Vesso.s, and a Pilot Sc'iooner in live public Service -

To Salaries and Allowances to civil Officers -

To the Pay otSu-peons and Midwife, and Expences attending th.e Hof] anal Orphan House -

To St r< sand Materials, and other contingent Expences of Government To Wages ot Artificers and Labourers employed in the public Works and Materials pure haled by the Surveyor -

Dedu-ft the Sum charged in the Account of the Year 1733, to defray the Expence-, from {doling Governor Hopfon's Account, to 31 December -

953 3 6

1,895 l9 0

950 1 0

1*906 12 6

968 12 6

1,921 12 0

1,901 18 0

959 H 0

957 5 0

810 0 0

819 0 d

828 0 0

828 0 0

863 1 0

968 6 0

968 6 O

1,041 >9 6

19,540 10 0

5,678 *5 10

a Day 1 * for each

2.497 [ O 6|

‘ 2,994 I a

4,100 1 O 8

I -5.5* O 53

«.583 I 8 3

1 - 9,631 12 6

27.357 3 8

- 4.° 49 9 6

To his Mii’efiy’s Office of Oidnance, for the Pay and Disburse of Ordnance Officers employed in the Colony -

Granted by Parliament, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of hisMa-j jesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1734

Exceedings

13,861 14 i

9,662 19 10 385 10 o

23

rc7

523 19 8

47.74* *7 10

£ 47’°54 *5 3

687 2 7

47.74t 17 10

ESTIMATE of the Charges of support ng and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of

Scotia, for the Year 1756.

To the S.nanes of the civil Officers and Magistrates at Halifax, and other Settlements in the Co-lonv, the maintaining and lupnerting nn ii j’pital and Orphan House, and to other contingent Expences attending the Civil Kiiabhftwnent - - - - " ~

Tc ±d. per M n per diem to the N*. n-commissioned Officers and private Men of General tVcit~ burtons and Colonel fioffoi's Regiments or Foot, confiding of 2,202 Men, to rcpiacc to them a Deduction of lo much made irum tUcu Fay for Provision -

13.432 4 0 To

Gloucefl?r,

&.C.

load.

Apnlehy Llr &iGQ.

Call of the (House.

Appleby

Hectiou.

ap Geo. II. 200 Januarii.

Tovi&ualling General Lnfcelles Regiment of Foot, confiding of 1,124 Non-commissioned Officers and private Men, and a Company of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 107 Men. at 6d per Man per diem -

To the Pay, victuallipg, and cloathing, One Company of Rangers, confiding of 116 Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and private Men ——

To the Seamen’s Wages, Stores, Provisions, Repairs, and incidental Expence of four armed Vessels and a Pilot Schooner employed in the Service of the Colony -

To an Allowance of Rum, Mela ties, Fire Wood, Oil, and Candles, to the several Forts and Garrisons, and to the Seamen belonging to the Ye dels in the Service of the Colony, the Expence of the issuing thereof, and of Provisions, and other contingent Expences attending the military Edablishment -

To repairing and completing the public Works, and erecting such new ones as are immediately ne-ccliary for the Defence and Security of the Colony, including Stores and Materials, and the . Wages of Artificers and Labourers - -' -

39*

11,163 o

2,960 12 XO 2,947 13 IO

8,502 2 6 11,036 14 6

£>S5>°Z2 19 0

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimatedolie uporl the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, residing in or near the City of Gloucester, and the several Market Towns, Parishes, and Places, in the County of Gloueef.tr, lying near, or adjoining to, the Roadsi herein after-mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed \ and also the Petition of the Mayor and Burgestes of the City of Gloueefer% and of divers other Persons living in and near tl^e laid City; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, Freeholders of the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others; were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House *, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Samuel Hayward Esquire said, That the Road leading from the City of Gloucester to the Hand and Poji ne'ar Combe Hilly and also the Road leading from the said City to a Smith’s Shop at or near a Place called Bedlamy lead^ ingto Cheltenham, are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow, and incommodious for Paf fengers and Carriages; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and widened by the Methods preferred by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the City of Gloucester to the Smith’s Shop at or near a Place called Bedlam, being Part of the Road to Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, and also the Road leading from the said City to the Road leading from cfezvkesbury towards Cheltenham, near the Hand and Post at Combe Hill, being Part of the upper Road to :Tewkesbury, aforesaid, in the said County: And that Mr. Barrow, Mr. Selwyn, and Mr. Berkeley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue F.lection and Return for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland\

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Three Weeks.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of fVeJhmreland.

Aiid the Counsel were called in,

VOL. 27.

And the Petition of Sir John Ramsden. Baronet, and Fletcher Norton, Esquire;

And the Petition of several Burgfcffcs of the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmcr eland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; which Petitions severally complain of an undue Election and Retuin for the said Borough, were severally read.

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining tht Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Le* gality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, 6r Place, contrary7 to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read.

And one of the Counsel for the Petitioners was in Part heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to

withdraw.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes j

The Counsel were again called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard.

And they having flared the Right of cleft ing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough to be in the Freehold Tenants of ancient Burgage Tenements within the said Borough;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members admitted that to be the Right of Election; with an Explanation, that they underllov d such Right to be in the Tenants of ancient Burgage Tenements having Eliates of Freehold, and not merely in Tenants in Fee; which Explanation the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted.

And a Paper having been produced as the original Poll taken at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough;

And another Paper having been also produced as the original Poll taken at an Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough in the Year 1723;

And die Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to establish the Votes of several Persons, who are dated, upon the Poll taken at I lie last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, as having voted for the Petitioner, and whole Votes were rejected by the Returning Officer;

'The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary Fox presented to the House, pursuant to jhmfgate their Address to his Majesty of the 3d Day of April last Karbour. (That his Majesty would bcgraciously pleased to give Directions to proper and (kilful Persons, such as his Majesty ill all think fit to appoint, to repair to the Town of Rams gate, and to view the Works for making a Harbour there, and to make a Survey of the said Works, and to

give

Declaration of the

British

Winifters,&c.

1*48.

Whi^e

Pari Hi Roue, s.

3 9

200 — 2i° Januarii.

A. 1756.

give ihur Opinion thereupon what may he the mod: proper I’i.m for (he finishing inJ completing the said Har- . roar, and to mike an E 'imate of the Expence thereof; and that dis VI jetty wouki be graciously pleated to cause lhcli I’n.n or Pi.ms and Estimate, togetii-r with an Ac-cou't o; all the P oceedings of the said Perl*ms, so to be appointed to b* la'd b. ioie this House in the next Session or Padiament):

A Report made to the Commissioners for executing the Oilice ot I^ord High Admiral of Great Britain, in Conib-qu.nce of the said Actdrt-f-; together > ith several Pians, and other Papers, relating to the said Harbour.

And the ritle of the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the fai 1 Report, and the said Plans, and other Papers, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Report, Plans, and other Papers, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary Fox acquainted the House, That he had received his Majesty’s Command to lay before the House,

Copy of the Declaration of the 8th July 1748, N. S. signed by the British, French, and Dutch Ministers, with u-gard to Conquests made, or to be made; with a Translation thereof: And a!lb,

Cojiy of t!ie SpanijhMini tier’s Accession to the Decla-

tion of the Sail oi July 1748, N. S.; with a Translation thereof.

And he presented the same to the House accordingly. Mr. Secretary fbvallo presented to 1 he House, pursuant to several Add relies of the House to his Majesty,

Copy of the preliminary Articles for rdtoring a general Peace, figtud at Aix la Chon the 19th of April 1718, O. S. by the Ministers of his Majesty, the most jCnriftian King, and the States General oftjie United Provinces: with a Translation thereof:

Copy of the Accession of the King of Spain on the 17th June 1748, O. S. to the said preliminary Articles; with a Translation thereof:

Copy of the royal Cedula from the King of dated 31st May 1749, to his Governors in the Indies, to make Restitution toth e Engljh of all Captures taken from

them by the SubjeAs of the King of since the 9th August 1748, N. S.; with a Translation thereof:

Copy of the royal Cedula from the King of Spain, dated ill July 1752, to his Governors in the West Indies, to make Restitution, out of the royal Treasury and Chests, to the British Merchants, according to what may appear

ReftitutiMi

of a Spat: fk Prixe.

from the Acts of Valuation of the public Sales of the Effects; with a Translation thereof:

Copy of the royal Cedula from the King of Spain, dated the 5th October 1754, to his Governors in the West Indies, ordering Restitution to be made to the out

of the royal Treasury and Chests, according to the Invoices; with a Translation thereof.

Together with a List of all the Cud Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellis have leave to make a Motion; it being near Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee, to whom the Paper, containing a Petition, which had been presented to his Majesty, intituled,"The humble " Petition of James Tierney of London, Merchant, Agent " for and on behalf of Don Bernardo

" brouk, and others, Merchants, residing at Cadiz, and " Subjects of his Catholic Majesty the King of Spain, Owners of the Money and L lie As heretofore taken on " board the Sp<mish Polacra Anna Maria y St. Felix, by " a Squadron of your Majesty’s Ships under the Command of Admiral Knowles," L referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Ciock.

Mercurii, 21* die 'Januarii;

Anno 29" Georgii IIdl Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Wilford, Account of from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Deficiency of the Ha’fSubfidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of fc> veral Annuities by the Acts of the 6th of Queen and the 6th of King George the ift, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon, to the 5th Day of January 1756.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; -viz.

Half

Subidio.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiency on the 5th of Januaty 1756, of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the 6th of Queen Anne and the 6th of King George the First.

Deficiency on the 5th of January 17 56, of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, fori £. s. d. paying the Annuity and Charges of Management to the South Sea Company Subscriptions V 71,181 2

into their Capital of the Annuities granted by the 2d Act, 1708 - "J

Exchequer, the 2til Day of January 17756.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Thifihtk'joayte reported from the Committee, to whom the Edition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Fitehoiders and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Southampton nd Wills, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of ti.e laid Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it

Edward Wilford.

in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Broadway, being examined, laid. That he

knows the Road leading through the Parish of White Parish to Sheffield English, and the several other Ron's described in the said Petition: That they are very narrow, and in a ruinous Condition; and that they cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

*9 Gfio. II.

Mr. JcfcphAndrews, being sxasn’med, confirmed the above Evidence in every Particular.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re* pairing and widening the Hoads leading trom a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of While Pa~ riftt, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood,

and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle , through RomJey Infrayto Hundred , in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the

Town of Southampton: And that Mr. , Mr.

John Pitt) and the Lord North, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

npton Ordered, That Sir Robert be added to the

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament made in the 24th A ear of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Hoad leading from the East End of Brumpton High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from

thence to and through the Towns of AJkrigg and

ton, in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster, in the

595

County of Lancaster, and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt and Mr. Crave* be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare* and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Richard Lowe, Vicar of the Parish Church of Sow, in the County of Warwick, and of William Wale, John Shaiv, and others, whose Names are the Teunto sub-

icribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the open and common Fields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Parish of , in the County of War-ivick aforesaid, and in the County of the City of Coventry.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1755, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

it0 Januarit.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1755, not provided for by Parliament.

s. d.

To Major Caulfield, for Expences in carrying on the new Roads in North Britain , - 6,488 9 4

To Ditto, for repairing the old lloads and Bridges there ----- 500-----

500 — — 5 —

146 — —

12 13 11

To Lawrence Dundas Esquire, for 365 Days Pay as Commissary of Stores in North Britain., to the 2.4th December 1754- ——

To Mr. Robert Gardiner, for Necessaries furnished by him for the Encampment at Fort George, Anno

1754 ....."

For One Year’s Fire and Candle furnished by the Barrack-master General in North Britain to feve-ra\ Garnfons in the Highlands, to the 24th December 1754 -

To Lieutenant General Bland, for so much expended by him for his Majesty’s Service in North Britain ——

To satisfy the Contractors for supplying the Forces at Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the 6 d.per Man per Week Hopped from the Regiments there pursuant to Contraft -

To his Majesty’s Proportion of the Expence of Coals furnished to the Garrison of Gibraltar -To the Contractors for victualling Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made, and to be made, to complete that Service, as well for Victualling as for Insurance, and all incidental Charges, to the 24th Daember 1755

To Channeey Dozvnjhend Esquire, for supplying the Detachments of Artillery in with

Provisions for One Year, from Midfwnmer 1754, to 1755, by way of

Imprest, and upon Account - -- 1,140 12 6

To Dit to, for Provisions loft or damaged in the Brigantine shipped at Boston

in Neu> England for the Troops in Placentia and Newfoundland - - - 33* 7 2

To Colonel Watson. Deputy Quarter-master General in North Britain, in Advance, to carry on his Survey in the Highlands -

To his extraordinary Pay as Deputy Quarter-master General in North Britain, from the 25th December 1753, to the 24th December 1754 -

T o the Pay of his Assistants, for that Time - -

To completehis Majesty's Warrant of the nth 1754, for^. 1,512. 13*. 11J.

for paying Engineers, Surveyors, Draftsmen, &c. on a Survey in,

from Christmas 1753, to Christmas 1754 -

To William Raker, for Loss of damaged Pease, and for Provisions furnished at Nova

Scotia by the Governor’s Order - ----- - 265 — 6

To and TV Hit am Baker, being the Balance for Provisions supplied by them

for the Garrison of Loulfbourgh, in the island of Cape Breton, from the 1 5th September 1746, to the 1 6th July 1749, when the Garrison was evacuated to the French, and for the Troops at ChibeElou in Nova Scotia, from the 31st July 1749, to the 30th September 1750 ----- - 2.82 12 l

To Benjamin Martin, for Pay Bills, Boatmen, for the Use ofa Detachment from the Companies in South Carolina, from the 28th Alay 1754, to the 27th November following, and for Provisions for the said Detachment at Frederica^ from the 24th June 1754, to the ead December following - - - 263 16 2

To Ditto, for Provisions delivered for the life of Two Detachments under the Command of Captain Demere and Captain Cadoran, at Frederica and Fort Aurufta,

Anno 1754 ----- - 113 zo 10

Vol. 27, 5 H

C s. d

6,988 9 4

749 *8 n

182 10 — -4

1,438 15 8

1,670 12 j

30O-----

2,275-----

818 16 —

4,<=»36 7 9

1,471 19 8

547 *2 7

To

Sow

Inclosort.

Account of Ex(rat not provided for.

V

h

394

21° JaHuarii.

A.

T<* Ditto for Wages, Provisions, and Repairs, of the Prince George Scout Boat, env £. s.

ployed for the Use of the Detachments from the Independent Companies at South Carolina, by carrying Provisions to them, from the 28thof 1753, to the

27th May 1754.....17'> 9 S

To Ditto, for providing Presents for the Indians bordering on the Colony of Georgia 1,500 — —

To Abraham Bosomworth, for Disbursements on Account of the n full Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands To Mr. Bolland, Agent to the Province of Massachusets Bay, in full of all Claims and Demands of the said Province, for Clothing detained at Cape Breton for Governor To Robert Hodgfou, Superintendant of the Mi fquit a Shore, in Satisfaction of his Dif-budements for Contingencies and Presents to the Indians -

To Mr. B:iehannan, to discharga a Bill of Exchange drawn by Governor for

Goods purchased for Prelects to the Mufquita Indians - -

To.Mr. Alexander Campbell, for so much disburied by Charles Knowles Esquire, Go-nernor of Jamaica, for the Service of the Mufquita Shore, and Presents -

To Messieurs Mure and Campbell for the D.schargeof a Bill drawn by Governor Knowles for Expences in reinstating his Majesty’s Subjects in the Bayof Honduras To Mr. Claud Johtifon, in full Satisfaction of a Bill drawn by Governor Knowles for ditto Service ——

To Messieurs Lawton and Carleton, for Transports, and victualling Four Regiments from Ireland so England ——

To Matthew Weld Esquire, for Charges of Transports, and victualling the Earl of Loudoun's, and Major General Bo!I lot's Regiments from Dublin to Liverpool To Mr. Marlsr, for Ditto for the Earl of Home’s, and Lieutenant General

ther's Regiments from Belfast to Scotland -

6l5 3 7

3*9 19 2

462 5 6

336 3 10

205 5 —

M9» 10 11

442 n O 9

214 6 6

To George Garneir Esquire, Apothecary General, for Medicines and Materials by him provided for the Use of the Forces in North America, and Nova in the Years 1744 and 1745 -

To John Hanbury, to satisfy Bills of Exchange drawn on him by Robert Esquire,

towards the Payment and Provisions of the Forces employed in Defence of the Frontiers of . Virginia.

To Furniture, Utensils, Idc. directed to be be provided by Mr. , for the IJorfeGuards, Gre-

nadier Guards, and Foot Guards, in the new Building at the Horle Guards, to be by him paid over to the several Tradesmen who supplied the same -

To the following Colonels for Off-reckonings for their additional Non-commission Officers and private Men; vh Colonel of the First Regiment of Foot Guards Colonel of the Cddjlream Regiment of Ditto -Colonel of the Third Regiment of Ditto Sir Peter Halkett -

Colonel Dunbar -

Ldrd Robert Bertie -

Colonel Walgrave -

Major General Folliot -Lieutenant General Anjlrutker -Lord George Bentinck -

Lord Loudoun -

Colonel Jor den -

Earl of Home -

To the Colonels of the Eleven Regiments of Drag

20 Dap 141 8 1 4,

D° - 90 18 2;

D° - 90 18 1 2

6; Days 192 l3 8

i 0 Q 192 l3 8

110 Days S36 8 7

D" - - - 336 S 7

D° - 33 6 8 7

D° - 336 8 1 /

49 Days *49 »7 4

D‘ - 149 >7 4

D* - 149 l7 4

D° - 149 l7 4

z Days Off-reckon-e Men L533 4 9

To Grass money of 240 Hories of General Dragoons

To Ditto - - of Ditto - - of Sir Robert Rich’s

To Ditto - - of Ditto - - of General Hawley's

To Ditto - - of Ditto - - of Lord Ancram’s

To Ditto - - of Ditto - - of Lord Albemarle's

To Ditto - - of Ditto - - of Sir -

To Ditto - - of Ditto - - of Sir John Cope's

To Ditto - - of Ditto - - of General

To Ditto - - of Ditto- - - of Sir John Mordaunt's

To Ditto - - of Ditto - of General Herbert’s

To Ditto - - of 360 D° of General Blan

630-----

630-----

630

630-----

630 —

63O — ---

630-----

630 — —

63°-----

630 — 945 "

The Difference of Pay between the Englishznd Irish Establishments of Colonel

cron's Regiment, from the 25 th December 1754 to the 24th December 1735 - 6,805 19 Ditto, for Colonel Lascelles Regiment, for ditto time ----- 896 —

Ditto, for late Sir Peter Halkett's Regiment, from the 8th of January to the 24th December 1755, both inclusive - -- -- - 6,272 17

Ditto, for Colonel Dttitbar's, for the same June 6,272 17

Jan. 20, 1756.

Barrington.

Total

*756.

£ 1.

a>°52 16 9

722

4.589

IC I.,

*.938 17 I

2^49

1,1

7* 19 5

10,000 — . __

>0 > o

4.187 — 5

7,245-----

20,247 14

75^35 7 3

Qrived,

Militia

La.tvs>

Ways aiul Means.

Supply,

Militia

liWS*

29 Geo. II.

41* — 2 2°Januarii.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider of the Laws in being which relate to the Militia of this Kingdom;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge ot Ten Regiments of Foot, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive theiame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws in being which relate to the Militia of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles 7ownjhend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Townjhettd reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Charles FownjJiend accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table* Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Law's now in being for regulating the Militia are inefieftual.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente.That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Laws now in being for regulating the Militia, are ineffectual.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente}That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Britain called England: And that Mr. Tovenshend, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Charles Pownjhend, Mr. Legge, the Lord Strange, the Marquis of Gianby, the Lord George the Lord

teney, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Potter, Doctor Hay, Mr. Bankes, Sir Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Stanley, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Samuel Alar tin, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Vyner junior, and the Lord Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol, 27.

Jovis)2 2* die Januarii;

Anno 290 Georgii Ild2 Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

SI R Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, accord* Radway ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosinga cer~ Iudofure. tain open and common Field, called within the Township of Radway, in the County of t

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com- Wapping mittee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Church- Church, Ike wardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, and of several Owners of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants and Owners of Premites within the said Parish, is referred.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of living Roadj*

near the Roads therein after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, $nd read; taking Notice of the Application made to the House for Lx:ave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between Sheppard Shord and the Top of Arlington Will, in the County of Wilts; and alleging,

that the said Hill, called Ashlington Hill, is very long and Iteep, and difficult to be kept in good Repair; and that it would be much more convenient, and leis expen-five, if a Road was made under the said Hill, and cross certain Lands called Tinkfield, leading into the said Turn-

pike Way again on the other Side of the said Hill, which, the Petitioners apprehend, may be done without any additional Toll, if, in the Bill proposed to be brought in,

Provision be made for purchasing such a Road from the Owners of the said Lands* and for repairing the feme;

And therefore praying. That such Provision may be made in the Bill or Bills, to be brought in as aforesaid.or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Pre* mises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Wilts, and also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, living in or near the Roads and Highways therein after-mentioned and described, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House being informed. That the Chamberlain of Account the City of London attended at the Door;

He was called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the of Tondon? House, pursuaunt to thfe Directions of an Act of Parliament*

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of don, on the 5th Day of July 1755.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservedamongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Wind m,11

Petition of several of the Trustees, whose Names are there-unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, madeinthe Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of

hi»

Militia

Laws.

Obstrutftion in Paflftges to the house.

22° Januani. 1756.

his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the near Shoreditch

Church, to the Centerof the Bridge in Old Street ltoad, and through Old Street, in the Parish of St. Luke, Middlesex, to the West End of the said Street, next the Pavement in Goswell Street; and also of several other Persons

usually travelling the said Roads; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and haddireded him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Whe.e the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Barthrop, being examined, said, That he knows the Road from the Stones End, near Shoreditch Church, to the Center of the Bridge in Street Road, and through Old Street to the West End of the said Street, next the Pavement in Gofzveil , and has heard of many Violences and Robberies, which have been committed there; and, in particular, he mentioned, that Mr. Brookjbanli was once robbed there in going from this House.

M r. James Praed said, That he apprehends that guarding or watching the said Road would be a Means to prevent any Outrages or Violences being committed thereon; and that the Expence thereof may be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of the said Act of the 26th of his present Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an InstruAion to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Trustees for repairing Old Street Road, to repair, widen, and make a Road from the Sign of the Red Lion on Windmill , through ship Street, to the Ditch Side next the East Side of Holy Well Mount, and through a certain Ground to the Sign of

the London apprentice in the Parishes of St. and St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of or to

lay open, repair, and widen, a Road from the said Red Lion through the Dog Bar into the Old Street Road, in the said County, is committed. That they have Power to receive a Claui'e or Clauses, for impowering the said Trustees to maintain a nightly Watch on the said Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert Elliot and Colonel Cornwallis be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Britain called England.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the Orders, made by the House upon Friday the 14th Day of November last, for keeping the Passages through the Streets between ’Temple Bar and Westminster Hall free and open, that the Passage

of the Members to and from the House be not obstructed.during the Times therein mentioned; and for preventing Disorders and Annoyances in Westminster Hall, and the Passages leading to the House, and of proper Methods for the better Execution thereof; and to make Report thereupon to the House; That the Committee had further considered the said Orders; and had come to several other Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Orders of this House to the Constables of Middlesex and Westminster, to keep the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall free and open, and to prevent Gaming, and other Dilbrders, in Westminster Hall, and the Passages leading to the House, are not duly executed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the same is chiefly owing to the Want of asufficient Number of Constables in Wthere being but Thirty-leven aAing Constables in the several Parishes thereof; whereas Fifty-four are the usual Complement;

20

and, in the Parish of St. Anne, whereSix are the Complement, there are now none.

llejbfved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Number of Fifty-four are insufficient for the Service of Westminster, on account of the great Increase of Buildings there, particularly in th? Parishes of Saint George Hanover Square anti Saint James.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Want of Constables in Westminster is owing to the Rufufal of many Persons to take upon them the said Office, after being appointed thereto; there being some DefeA or Irregularity in the said Appointment which ought to be remedied.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Obstructions of the Ways and Passages in minster is greatlyowing to the Want of a (efficient Power to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances, anJ to the Want of an ealy Method of recovering the Amerciaments let by such Jurymen.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in -a Bill pursuant to the Four last Resolutions of the said Committee: and that Sir John Philipps, Sr John CroJje, and Colonel Conrx.il/is, do prepare, an J Iring in, the fame.

Vice Admiral Bofcavcenreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, appointed by Act of Parliament, for amending and widening several Reads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, and of the principal Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of the Borough of Penryn, in the said County; and also of thofeliving nearto the intended Turnpike Road to be carried from Truro to Penryn aforesaid!; whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

An Act, passed in the 27th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was read; which direAs the repairing the Road from Truro to Penryn to be carried by Ca/enick SmeltingHouse, and through Higher Cannon; and also the

Road to T ret he age Bridge lobe carried from the Top of Saint George's Hill, through Pover Bridge and Tretheage Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned.

And, in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Downton, Surveyor to the said Trustees,

said. That he had surveyed and measured the said Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, and also the Roads prayed for by the said Petition; and that the carrying the said Road from Truro over Lower through Per-

ranwell, to Caffaw'sWater to Penryn; and also the Road

leading from P err emu ell aforesaid, through Perran Downs, to Pe/lene Cross, and through Perranarwolhall and Stithiens to Tretheage Bridge; will be less Distance than either of the aforesaid Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, and, from its Situation, repaired at a much less Expence, and will be equally commodious to Persons frequenting the fame.

Which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. John Biggs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for changing and altering Two several Roads directed to be amended and widened by an Act, made in the 27 th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall'. And that V ice Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Colleton, and Mr. George Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

to

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Appleby

£ledio^.

Pool Gate, Road

29 Geo. II. 220 Janu 597

to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s 1 able: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-one thousand Nine hundred and Nineteen Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Ten Regiments of Foot, for the Service of the Year 1756.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Colleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Colleton reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rclblve irself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, That any Person, who shall be imprefied by virtue of this Act, and refused by the Officer who shall attend the said Commissioners, on account of his Stature, may be detained till Notice can be given to a proper Officer in the Sea Service, to whom he shall be delivered, if approved of by such Sea Officer, within a Time to be limited.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to justify the Votes of Six Persons, who appear, upon the Poll taken at the said Election, to have voted for the Petitioners, and whose Votes were rejected by the Returning Officer, as not having been given in Right of Burgage Tenements within the said Borough, but in Right of Lead-hold holden of the Corporation.

And they having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to justify the Votes of Two other Persons, who, as they alleged, appear, upon the Poll taken at the said Election, to have voted for the Petitioners, and whose Votes were rejected by the Returning Officer, as having been given in Right ot Burgage Tenements, which were alleged to be Improvements on the Waite, or to have been split from other Tenements;

The Count'd on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till TuefJay Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt have Leave to make a Motion; it being near Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

And the said Petition was read; taking Notice, That Application has been made to the House for repairing several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of /We, particularly the Road from the said Gate through the Townof Winborn Minster to the Vol. 27.

End of a Lane called Winborn Lane, in the Parish and near the Town of Cranborn, in the County of Dorfel and also the Road from the hid Gate through the Village of Lilchett Minster, othefwiie South Litchett, to a Gate or Gate-way leading to a Heath called Holton Heath, next beyond a Bridge called King Bridge, in the Parish of Litchett Minster aforesaid; and letting forth, That the High Road from Winborn Lane End, in the said County, through the Town and Parish of Cranborn aforesaid, and the Parish of Martin, in the County of Wilts, to the great Western Road leading from the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, to the Town of Blanford Forum, in the County of Dotfet\ and also the High Road from the said Gate next beyond King Bridge, over Holton Heath, to the North Bridge leading into the Borough of War eh am, in the said County of Dorset,' are in a very ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be mide for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, Jiving near, and usually travelling the high Road from a Lane called Wtnburne Lane End\ in the Parish of Cranborn, in the County of Dorset, and from thence through Part of the several Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of Edmonjloam, Winborne St. Giles, Woodland, Horton, Hinton, Martel, Little Hinton, Winborn Minster, and through the Town of Winborn Minster, in the said County of Dorset, and from thence through Part of the Parish of Great Canford and the Tything of Long Fleet, within the said County of Dorset, to a Gate called Poole Gate, leading into the Town and County of Poole, being Part of the great Post Road from London to the said Town and County of Poole; and from the said Gate called Poole Gate through Part of the several Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of Long Fled aforesaid, and the Tything of Parch fort, in the said County of Dorset, to a Place called Bourn Bottom, in the County of Southampton, being Part of the High Road from the ('aid Town and County of Poole, to the Town of Christ Church Livynham, in the said County of Southampton; and also from the said Gate called Poole Gate, through Part of the several Parishes, Vills, and Hamlets, of Long Fleet, Parkfon, and Great Canford aforesaid, and Kingston, in the said County of Dorset, to a Bridge called Lough am Bridge, in the Parish of Hamprefton, in the County of Dorset, being in the High Road from the said Town and County of Poole to the Town of Ringwood, in in the said County of Southampton; and also from the said Gate called Poole Gate, through Part of the several Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of Long Fleet and Great Canford aforesaid, and Ccrfe Mullen, Litchett Minster, otherwise South Litchett, and Litchett Matravers, in the said County of Dorset, to an Inn there called the Chequer Inn, being the High Road leading from the said Town and County of Poole to the Town of Beer Regis, in the said County of Dorset; and also from the Lid Gate called Poole Gate, through Part of the several Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of Long Fleet, Great Canford, Corse Mullen, Litchett Min-Jler, otherwise South Litcfiett aforesaid, to a Gate or Gateway leading into a Heath called HcirmHeath, next beyond a Bridge called King Bridge, in the said Parish of Litchett Minster, being in the High Ro id leading fmm the said Town and County of Poole, to the Town of WarJi tm, in the said County of Do)J'et; and also from a Pla ce called Broom hill, being the Boundary between the Town and County of Poole and the Parish of Hamworthy, in the said County of Dorset, through the said Parish and Street ot Hamivcrthy and Part of the Padlh of Litchett Minster atordaid, to the other Hoad there leading from the Gate called Poole Gate to the said Parishes ot Litchett Minster and Litchett Matravers; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whole Names

5 I arc

39^ 2 2° — 23°

ate thereunder subscribed, living near, and usually travelling through, the several Roads mentioned in the preceding Petition, are referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report tire fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

»'*'* — 11 . ——

V eneris, 230;

Anno 29* Georgii II. Regis, 1756. Prayers.

Breutoo VI R. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom

Itotdr. 1\1 the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Per Tons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the Town of Brewton, through the Parishes of Bat comb, Layton, and Mar/ton, to the Town of Froom, all in the County of Somerjlt-, and also from the said I’own of

Brewton, over a Hnl caiied Creed Hill to the Gate on SheptonMallet Turnpike Road at Milton Bridge, in the -great Road to the City of and likewise from the

laid Town of Brew ton, South Haft, through the Hamlet of Stoney Stoke, to the First Index or Directing Port in the Ro.id to the Town of IVincanton, in the said County; also from the Eastern Point of the right honourable Lord llchester's Park Wall, in the last mentioned Road, to a House lately caiied the White Horse, now in the Occupation of John Parfet, at Hardway, in the Parish of South - Brew ham, in the said County; and also from the said Town of Breivton, South West, through the Parish of Pilcomb, up Pitcomb Hid, by the House of John Robert-fin. Doctor of Phyftc, to the Index or Directing Poit adjoining to the SherborneTuxnpnk Road leadingthrough the Hamlet of Hadfpcn, in the said Parish of Pitcomb, to

Butwell Gate, in the Parish of Ansford in the said County, leading to the great Wtftern Road to Taunton and Exeter-, also from the First Cross Ways above Pit-tomb Hill, along by Mr. Dickinson's, to the Sherborne Turnpike Road; likewise from Comer, at the

Western End of Lord Ilcheft Park Wall, through Shepton Mountacue, in the said County, unto another Part of

Sherborne Turnpike Road leading to

Januarii. A. 175

See. and from the said Whitmore Corner, by the said Park Wall, to Brezvton Gate -, was referred. That the Commit-

mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

The honourable Char let Berkeley laid, That he knows the several Roads mentioned in the Petition: That they are very ruinous, and incommodious for Passengers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being.

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Brezvton, through the Pari llies of Bat comb, Layton, and Mar/ton, to the Town of Froom, and from Brewton aforesaid to the Turnpike near Milton Bridge, and from the said Town of Brezvton to the First Direction Post on the Wincanton Road, and from Redlynch Park to Hardway, and also from the said Town of Brewton to the Sherborne Turnpike Road near , and from the

Cross Ways near Pit combe Hill to the said Turnpike Road, and from a Place called Whitmore Corner to the la d Turnpike Road, and from Whitmore Corner aforesaid to Brewton Gate leading into Redlynch Park aforesaid, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr. Prowse, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Ketnys and Mr. Digby,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed. That Mr. Horne, from the Commissioners for Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door j

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an n.Ct of Parliament,

The Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the zeentwater Estate, between the ill of December 17 54 and 30th November 1755, and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth;

22d January 1756-

IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders ot James late Earl of Derzventzvater and Charles Radcliffe,

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons, and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament respectively.

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report as followeth;

There has been received by the Treasurer, between the ift December 1754, and 30th November £. s. d.

1755, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate;

On Account of the annual Rents ----- 5,779 3 8

On Account of the Lead Mines ----- - 2,860 3 —

On Account of the Timber sold by the Court of Exchequer ----- 990 — —

£.9,629 6 8

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building: -

In putting up a Clock and Bell to the East Cupola, Preparation for a Wine! Dial to the West Cupola, putting up an Organ in the Chapel, fitting up Apartments for the Cook and Scullery Man adjoining to the Kitchen, fitting up a Ward in the Mezanine Story of Queen Mary's Building, with Cabins, Bedsteads, Cliefts, Stools, &c. for 68 Men and Nudes, fitting in 20 additional Boys, fitting up with Shelves and Boxes the Safe-room for keeping the Hospital Deeds and Writings j making new Mash Tun, Coolers, Calks, Uc. in the Brewhouse, and finishing the Road from the North West Lodge to the River; all which Works have been done and brought to Account, and amount to the Sum of Two thousand Two hundred /. r. /, Twenty-nine Pounds and Eight Pence -..... 2,229 — - 8

Greenwich

Hospital.

Rye

Harbour.

Macleod’s

EfUtc*

Kibble

Salmon

Ftfhcrics.

Ditto*

29 Geo. II. ’ 230 399

The ordinary Works done this Year in keeping the Building, Furniture, and Roads, in Repair, £. s. <L and other necessary Works for the Service of the Hospital, amount to the Sum of One thousand Four hundred Twenty-eight Pounds and Seven Shillings .....M2^ 7 —

£-3*57 7

Notey There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents andj Profits of the Estate, between ift Deceviber 1754, and the 30th November 1755, on( Account of Repairs ——

By Order of the Commissioners,

Rd. Horne.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee* to whom the Petition of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the Act of Parliament for restoring the Harbour of Rye> in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness, is referred.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Hugh Mac Leody of Genies, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, is referred*

The House was moved, That the Petition of Sir Henry. Hogkton Baronet, Thomas CJifton Esquire, William Fa-rington Esquire, Ralph Asheton Esquire, Laurence Raw-storne Esquire, and the Mayor* Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Preftony in the County of Lancaster, being Owners and Proprietors of several ancient Fisheries in the River Ribbley in the County of Lancaster, which was presented to the House upon Saturday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Strange\ Mr. Bold, Sir John Phi/ipps, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ycrke, Sir John Cust, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fazaker/ey, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Prouife, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Northey, Mr. Cartimighl, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Cornival/is, Mr. Aidworthy Mr. Wilkinfcn, Sir Francis Poo/ey Mr. More, Mr. Gybbcn, Mr. Fellozccsy Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Alderman Dickirfon, Colonel Stamm:e, Mr. Willy, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hamilton, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Vyner, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Pitt, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Am)and, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Laf-cedes, Mr. Walpole, Sir Samuel F/udyer; and >all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Salop, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved, That the Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, in the County of Lancaster, which was presented to the House upon Saturday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideradon of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Henry Hoghton Baronet, Thomas Clifton Esquire, William Faring ton Esquire, Ralph Asheton Esquire, Lawrence Rawstone Esquire, and the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Preston, in the County of Lancaster, being Owners and Proprietors of several ancient Fisheries in the River Ribbky in the County of Lar.castei\ is re-

Vol. 27.

ferred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them* to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Urry% of Sheat, in the Me of Wight, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, on behalf of himself, and John Taylor his Tenant, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice. That a Bill is depending in the House for repairing and widening the Road from the Red Lion on Windmill Hill, near the East End of the Artillery Ground Wall, to the End of Thunderbolt Alley, in the Parish of St♦ Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, and from thence through Wor-Jliip Street and the Curtain to a Place called the Ditch Side, next the East Side of Holy Well Mount, in the said Parish; and to enable the Trustees of the O/J S/w/Turn-pike to purchasea Piece of Ground leading from the said Ditch Side to a House known by the Name of the London Apprentice, in the said Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, into the Road which leads to Kingslandy New Market, and the great Northern Road: And alleging, That the Petitioner is Owner of the said Piece of Ground near the Ditch Side, through which the said Trustees want to carry the Hoad, and which is a large Piece of Ground, and now uled as a Garden, and in the Possession of the said John Taylor, at a yearly Rent; and must, if the said Bill pass into a Law, be in a great measure destroyed by laying it open to the public Road; and that the Petitioner is likewise Owner of several Houses An the said Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and near the Church there, which, in such Case, will be of little or no Advantage to him, as the Course and Channel of Business will be by that means entirely changed: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioner, that the said Bill will not pals into a Law; or, if it dees, that a Clause may be inserted therein to restrain the Trustees from carrying the Road through the said Garden Ground, or that the Petitioner and the said John Taylor may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Trustees for repairing Old Street Road, to repair, widen, and make a Road, from the Sign of the Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through Worship Street, to the Ditch Side next the East Side ot Holy Well Mount, and through a certain Ground to the Sign of the London Apprentice, in the Parishes of Saint Luke, and Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, or to lay open, repair, and widen, a Road from the laic! Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into the Old Street Road, in the said County, is committed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleated to give Directions to the proper Olikers to lay before this House, Copies

Of his Majesty’s Commission, appointing Charles Knowles Esquire Governor ot Jamaica —

Of his Majesty s general lr.strudions given to the said Governor along with the said Commission —

Of his Majesty’s additional Instruct ons to the said Governor, relative to any suspending Ciaulcs tube in- ferted in Acts of Assembly to be passed by him —

Of the Petition of Samuel Jeake Esquire, for and on behalf of Francis D±Dp Esquire* presented to his Majesty

m

Windmill

Hill

Road.

Paprrs

Jamaica.

400

in Council on the 9th Day 1755, with the

Order of Reference, Report, and his Majesty’s Order in Council upon the same —

Of the Minutes of the First Assembly of Jamaica, held under the said Charles after his Arrival in t! e

.laid Government, and the DitTolution of the said Assembly on tire 26th of August 1754 —

Of the Minutes of the Second Assembly of Jamaica, called and held by the said Governor Knowles, and the Dissolution of such Second Assembly upon the 8th of November 17154 —

Of the Minutes of the Third Assembly of Jamaica, called and held by the said Governor , and the

Diflolutiun of such Third Assembly upon the 20th of January 17.55 —

Of the Minutes of the Fourth Assembly of Jamaica, called and held by the said Governor Knowles, and the said Governor’s Prorogation of the same upon the 23d of October1755, for an Hour —

Of all such Representaiions or Narratives as the said Charles Knowles hath transmitted to his Majesty, or to the Lords <?f his Majesty’s moil honourable Privy Council, or to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the same Governor’s Proceedings against the said Francis Delap, late Provost Marshal of the I Hand ot Jamaica —

Of all. Orders, Warrants, and Comnjitments, of the said Francis Delap, and of all Proceedings and Judgments had against him in the iaid island Jamaica upon the I ft of Qclober 1754, or at any time tince —

Of the said Governor’s Order for altering the Return of Records from the inferior Courts in Jamaica —

Ofa Bill or Adlaffented to by the said Charles for removing fbe several Laws, Records, Books, Papers, 'and Writings, belonging to.several Officers in the said ]stand of Jamaica, from the Town of St. de la Vega to the Town of Kingston-, and for obliging the several Officers to hold their Offices in Kingston, and for holding the supreme Court of Judicature in Kingston.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s tnoft honourable Privy Council.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to tnd Means. ref0|Ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses stated the 5th of April 1755 (old Lady-day) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses stated the 10th of October 1755 (old Michaelmas-day) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chariton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive t he lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the' Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

h^Lanld* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

Forces'. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

7

I75&

to consider further of the Bill for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

A Petition of the several Owners of Houses and Lands Wapping within the Parish of St. John, IVappitig, in the County of Church, tec. Mida/efex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others. Owners of Houses and Lands within the said Parish.

And the said Petition was read; taking notice of the Application made to the House for a Bill for building a new Church for the said Parish; and alleging, that there is already (landing in the said Parish a Church sufficiently large and convenient for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, which Church, with moderate Repairs, will Hand for many Years; and that the Petitioners are apprehensive a Design of building a new Church within the said Parish is calculated to lay a heavy and unnecel-fary Tax on the Petitioners and their Estates: And therefore praying, That no such Bill may pais into a Law, or that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, ag.inst the said Bill, and may have such further and other Relief in tnePrctniles as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consider tion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwarden', and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint John of IVtipping, in the County of r,

and of several Owners of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants and Owneisof Premises within the said Parish, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 24° die Januarii;

Anno 29° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

1\ TR. Clevlaud presented to the House, according to Relating IV1 Order, a Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s thp0^rslr*c Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same wras received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Comm.ttws.

A Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads TewkefbiHy from the Town of Tewkesbury to Cofcomb Gate, and from Roaai*

Ifabd's Elm to the Top of Gotlierington Hilly in the County 0\ Gloucester \ and from Tezvkesbury to a Farm House called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction Pod in the Parish of Ripple, and to Simonds Ford Brook; and from Breedon to Eckington Bridge, in the County of Wor* cester; and from Tewkesbury to Wainloads Bridge, and to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road from Teibury to Ctrencester; and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from Bur ford to Gloucester, near a Tree called Puefdon Ash, in the said County of Gloucester; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Martin, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Hume,

Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Probyn, Sir William Lowther, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gore, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Finch, Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Phillipson, Sir John Cafty Mr. Cocks, Mr. Prowse, Sir

Willoughby

2 3 2 40

Punfty,

kcl

Roues.

Ways and Means.

29 Geo. II. 240 Janu 401

Willoughby JJtGn3 Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Daft on, Sir jV//;/ Morgan, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Onjlaiv, Lord farter, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cope, Mr. /fer-Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. barrow, Mr. Fornfter, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Champion, Mr. Hujjey, Mr. Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Vaugkan, Mr. Butler, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Mvly-, Lord Malpas, Colonel Leftie, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Campbell, Mr. /£;.?/, Mr. Mr. Kynaston, Colonel

Hermes, Mr. Hardingc, Mr. G;vy, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Salulbury, Mr. FLornhagh, Sir Matthew Lamb, Mr. Morris, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Alderman Baker% Sir jW/// irmer, Mr. Rraft'ey, Mr. Harrifai, Mr. Crefjwell, Mr. Vernon, Lord Verney, Mr. Vyner, Lord Gage, Mr. Wat-/or., Mr. Godolphin, Mr. West, Mr. Whitworth, Sir George Yonge, Mr. To*he, Mr. Walter, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Grove, Mr. Craven, Mr. Price, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Pye, AJr Page* Mr. Harvey y Mr Wynne, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Lade, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whitmore, Lord Rcyjitn, Mr. Fane, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Locke, Lord John Murray, Mr. I Hard; and all the Members who terve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, and Hereford: And they are tomect this Alternoonat Five of the Chock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Mcnftm reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Lincoln, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other®, of the North Eastern Parts of the County Hi Lincoln, and of the Inhabitants of the Lid City, and of the Towns of Fenton, Fork fey, and Martin, in the said County of Lincoln, and of the Lerds of Manors, and Proprietors of ElLtes, adjoining to the iiuzd heading to and from the North End of Dunjby Lane, in the said County of Lincoln, over Lincoln Heath, to and through the said City of Lincoln, the Bail and Close of Lincoln, and to Rifeholm Hedge Corner and Carr holm Gate, within t he said City; and from Carr holm Gate, in the said City of Lincoln, cross Carrhottn, Burton Fenn, Had do Fenn, the Banks of the River Fofs, over Saxleby Bridge, Saxleby Moor, Fhorney, Ke11lethorp Moot, through Fenton, Fork fey, Brampton, Field, and Martin, to Lit-tie burgh Ferry, and from the South Eart: Corner of Ket-tiethorp Moor, called Drinfey Nook, through Wheat holm Lane, Newton Common, Newton Fawn, and Field, to Dunham Ferry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition: and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Gam:ft on laid, That the several Roads mentioned in the Petition are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow: That several Parts of the said Roads are, in the Winter Season, overflowed, and that the Laws in being are not sufficient for repairing and widening the lame.

Mr. John Becke confirmed Mr. Garmfion* Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the North End of Dunjby Lane, in the County of Lincoln, over Lincoln Heath, to and through the City of Lincoln, the Bail and Close of Lincoln> to the South West Corner of Rifeholm Hedge-, and from Carr holm Gate, in the said City of Lincoln, over Saxleby Bridge, to Drinfey Nooke, and from thence to Dunham and Littieburgh Ferries: And that Mr. Monson, the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Hume, Mr. Whichcoty and Mr. Vyner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refutation, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j

VOL. 27.

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Annuities at Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by a Lottery, to be attended with Annuities redeemable by Parliament, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, the said several Annuities to be transferable at the Bank of England, and charged on the Sinking Fund; and that every Person subscribing for Four hundred Pounds shall be entitled to Three hundred Pounds in Annuities, and to One hundred Pounds in Lottery Tickets, and so in proportion for a greater or lesser Sum; That the said Lottery shall consist of Tickets of the Value of Ten Pounds each, in a Proportion not exceeding Eight Blanks to a Prize, the Blanks to be of the Value of Six Pounds each; the Blanks and Prizes to bear an Interest after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Fifth Day of January 1757; and that the Sum of One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised by Annuities, bear an ln-terest after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, from the nth Day of February next; which said Annuities shall be redeemable in the Whole or in Part by Sums not iefs than Five hundred thousand Pounds at one time, after the Expiration of Fifteen Years, and not sooner, Six Months Notice having been given of such Payment or Payments respectively: That any Sub-feriber may, on or before Wednesday the nth Day of February next, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, make a Deposit of Ten Pounds per Centum on such Sum as he shall chule to subscribe towards raising the said Sum of Two millions, with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, as a Security for his making the future Payments on the Days herein alter appointed; viz.

On Annuities.

Fifteen PoundsCent. on or before the 30th Day of March next.

Twenty Pounds per Cent, on or before the 15th Day of May next.

Twenty Pounds per Cent. on or before the 16th Day of July next.

Twenty Pounds per Cent. on cr before the x 6th Day of September next.

Fifteen Pounds per Cent. on or before the 30th Day of October next.

On the Lottery.

Twenty Pounds pe> Cent, on or before the ead Day of April next.

Twenty Pounds per Cent, on or before the 161h Day of June next.

Twenty-five Pounds perCent. on or before the 14th Day of August next.

Twenty-five Pounds per Cent. on or before the 20th Day of October next.

Which several Sums, so received, shall be by the said Cashiers paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied from time to time to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament, and not otherwise: That any Subscriber paying in the Whole or any Part of his Subscription previous to the Days appointed for the respective Payments, shall be allowed a Discount after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Days of such respective Payment to the respective Times on which such Payments are directed to be made; and that all such Persons, as shall make their full Payments on the said Lottery, shall have their Tickets delivered as soon as they can conveniently be made out: That the Lottery shall be drawn for Five hundred thousand Pounds, or for such lesser Sum as shall be subscribed by the 1 ith Day of February next; and in case there shall be more than Two millions subscribed on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of this inllant January, at Five o’Clock in the Afternoon, the Sum fub-5 K feribed

Brnncepeth

Inclosure.

Bccford

Level

Corporation

Bonds.

Committees.

Wapping Church, Sec.

40 z 2 40 — 26

fcished shall (rc. reduced to the said Sum, and the Overplus Money forthwith repaid to each Subscriber; and that in cale the said Sum of Two millions shall not be subscribed by the said Twenty-eighth Day of at Five o’Clock

in the Afternoon, the Books shall be doled as soon as the Two millions shall be subscribed for, and no Person is to be permitted to subscribe for a less Sum than the Sum of Four hundred Pounds on or before the said Twenty-eighth Day of January; but in case the Books shall remain open after the said Day, every Person may subscribe for what Sum he shall think fit, until the whole be completed, or the Time limited be expired.

The said Refutation, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lumei 26° die;

Anno 29° Georgii IP* Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

A f R. Lambton presented to the House, according to

1V1 Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes Or common Grounds, in the Parish of pel/i, in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. AldworthMr.

Lord Fane, Mr. Herne, Earl of Upper OJory, Mr.

ley, Mr. Rigby, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, is referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of several Owners of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of St. John, of tapping, in the County of whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several of the Inhabitants and Owners of Premises within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; representing the present bad Condition and Unwholesomeness of the Parish Church of the said Parish, and the Necessity of purchasing Land to enlarge the Church-yard belonging to the said Parish: And reciting the Provision made by an Act of the 5th and 6th Years of King William and Queen Mary, for repairing, or (if Occasion be) for rebuilding, enlarging, and adorning, the said Church, and making the same more convenient for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof, and for rciin-burfing the Money then due and advanced for those Purposes: And alleging, that the Expence of rebuilding the said Church, and enlarging the Church-yard, would be too burthensome to beeft'ected by the Inhabitantsonly; and that no Provision is made in the said Act to oblige the Proprietors of Estates in the said Parish to contribute towards that Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the said Church, and enlarging the Church-yard, in such Manner, and by such Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint John, of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, and of several Owners of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the veil of the Inhabitants and Owners of Premises within the iaid PaVilh, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

'Januarii. A. 175 6.

Mr. John Lilt reported n\,n; the Committee, to whom the.Petition ot several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whose Names are thereunder l'ubicribed, living near, and usually travelling, the high Road from a Lane called Win-borne Lane End, in the Parish of Crauboni, in the County of Dorset, and from thence, through Part of the several Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of I fir, borne St.

Giles, Woodland, Horton, Hinton Martel, Little

Winborn Minfler, and through the Town of Winborn

Minster, in the said County of , and from thence through Part of the Parish of Great and the

Tything of Long Fleet, within the said County of , to a Gate called Poole Gate, leading into the Town and County of Poole, being Part of the great Poll Road from London to the said Town and County of Poole; and frohl the said Gate called Poole Gate, through Part of the leve-ral Parishes, Vills or Hamlets, of Long Fleet aforesaid, and the Tything of Parck/oti, in the said County of Dorset, to a Place called Bourn Bottom, in the County of Southampton, being Part of the high Road from the said '(own and County of Poole to the'( own of Church ham, in the said County of Southampton; and also from the (kid Gate called Poole Gate, through Part of the several Parishes, Vills, and Hamlets, of Long Fleet, son, and Great Canford, aforesaid, and Kingston, in the said County of Dorset, to a Bridge called Lough am Bridge, in the Parish of Hampreston, in the County of Dorset,

being in the high Road from the said Town and County of Poole to the Town of Ringzvoo in the said County of Southampton-, and also from the said Gate called Gate, through Part of the several Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of Long Fleet and Great aforesaid, and Corf;

Mullen, Litcliett Mhifler otherwise and

Litchett Matravers, in the said County of D-set, to an Inn there called the Chequer Inn. being the high Road leading from the said Town and County of Pooh to the Town of Beer Regis, in the said County of Dorset; and also from the said Gate called Poole Gate, through Part of the several Parishes, Vills, or Hamlets, of Long Fleet, Great Cranford, Cerf: Mullen, Litchett otherwise

South Litchett aforesaid, to a Gate or Gateway leading into a Heath called Holton Heath, next beyond a Bridge called King Bridge, in the said Parish of Litchett Min-Jler being in the high Road leading from the said Town and County of Poole, to the Town of in

the said County of Dorset-, and also from a Place called Broomhill, being the Boundary between the Town and County of Poole and the Parish of Hamworthy, in the said County of Dorset, through the said Parish and Street of Hamworthy, and Part of the Parish of Litchett Jleraforesaid, to the other Road there leading from the Gate called Poole Gate to the said Parishes of Litchett Minfler and Litchett Matravers -, and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whole Names are thereunder subscribed, hving near, and usually travelling through, the several Roads mentioned in the preceding Petition; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the First and Second Petitions,

George Tito Esquire and Mr. John Oliver said, That the said Roads are very ruinous, and incommodious for Passengers and Carriages, being in many Places frequently overflowed with Water, and in many Places very narrow, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being.

And in Support of the Allegations of the Third-mentioned Petition,

Sir Peter Thompson, George Tito Esquire, and Mr. John Oliver, laid. That the Roads therein mentioned are much out of Repair, and in many Places too narrow: That

there

fcfinftrtoke

Roads.

Derby,

Sec,

Road.

Friar

Bacon's

Study

Road.

29 Geo. II. i6° Januarii.4O3

there are many narrow hollow Ways, and no proper Quarter for Coaches; and that the same cannot be properly widened and repaired without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole: And and Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Thomas do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for repairing and widening the high Roads from

Basingstoke, through Popium:

Sutton Scotuey, and Slockbridge, and the several Parishes Of Houghton, Broughton, Lower Wallop, and Middle lop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lob' comb Corner, in the Parish of in the County

Of Wilts, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were dif-agreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the- Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord George Cavendijhreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Ckrg>f, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties . of Derby and York, whoseNarnes are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

William Fitzherbert Esquire, being examined, said,

That he knows the Road from the North End of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, through Duffield and Chesterfield, to Sheffield, in the County of York,

and from Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of

Hr irkfieortk, in the County of Derby, which is in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places too narrow; and that the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Which Evidence was confirmed by several Members prelen t.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the White Stoop near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of Wirksworth, in the said County of Derby: And that the Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Venables Vernon do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition which has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Friar Bacon's Study, near Oxford, in the County of Berks, and to the several Places in the said last mentioned Petition described; and alleging, that Part of the Road described in the said last mentioned Petition, leading over a Place called Watkins's Wharf, and Mr. William Birch's Bridge, through Caldecot Lane, up Cooper Way, by a Farm-house called Gilbert's, through the Fields Called Galtoiv Leys and Drayton Kafi Town Field, the

Vol. 27.

Lane called Milton Lane, and up Milton is esteemed a Bridle-way only, and the repairing and widening thereof will be attended with a very great Expence, by reason of many Difficulties which may arise from Disputes touching the private Property of the several Places over whiclx fitch Parts of the said Road lie: And therefore praying. That the said Road may be carried, agreeable to the Prayer of the said former Petition, to the End of the Street calied the Vineyard, in the Borough of Abingdon, and from thence, through the said Borough, over the Ock Bridge, through the villages of Drayton and St event on, to Chilton Pond, in the said Petition also mentioned, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in die Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, redding in or near, or frequently travelling, the Road leading from a Place called Bacon's Study, near Oxford, in the County of Berks, through Bagly Wood, to the End of a certain Street in the Borough of Abingdon, called the Vineyard, and front thence, through Abingdon, over a Place called Watkins's Wharf, and over Mr. William Birch's Bridge, through Caldecot Lane, up Cooper Way, by a Farm-house called Gilbert's, through the Fields called Gallow Leys and Drafton East Town Field, the Lane called Milton Lane,

and the Village of Milton, up Milton Hill, to a Pond called Chilton Pond, being in or near the Road leading to East Fftey, in the said County of Berks-, and also the

Road leading from the Top of Hinksey Hill, to a certain Gate near the House at Fox Hill, called Foxcombe Hill Gate, Part of the Road from the said Hinksey Hill, to Farringdon, in the said County; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Grand Jury, and other Gentlemen, of the County of Derby, at the General Quarter Session of the Peace holden for the same County, on the 13th Day of January 1756, and of other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the said County; and also of the Mayor and principal Burgesses of the Borough of Derby, in the feme County; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af terwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

William Fitzherbert Esquire, informed your Committee, That the County Gaol of Derby is an ancient Building, and much decayed, and is situate within the said Borough, though not upon thf Corporation Lands: That there is not the least Court or Yard belonging to it, which makes it very unhealthy, as the Prisoners are obliged to be dole confined within the Walls of the said Prison:

That it is remarkably incommodious in many Instances, particularly for that the low Rooms are subject to be overflowed; inso much that the Gaoler Is frequently obliged to remove the Prisoners out of the Gaol, to prevent them being drowned, and keep them in his own House till the Waters subside, and the Prison dried fit to receive therti; by which he runs aftilque of the Prisoners cfcap-ingt

That the Corporation of Derby are Lords of the Manor within the jurisdiction of the Borough, and have agreed to lease a proper Piece of Ground, within the Limit; thereof, for the Erection of a new Prison, and making proper Courts and Conveniences, for a long Term, and at a small reserved Rent:

That Contracts have been entered into for building a new Prison, and performing all necessary Work-, belonging thereto; the Expence whereof is eltsmated at / joo;

but

Derby

Gao.

Rndaay

Inclosure.

404

16° Januarii.

but that such Money cannot be r.'.iled, and t!ie necesi'ary Prc.vi iicns made for keeping the Prisoners, while the new Gaol shall be built, without the AfZIftance of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the Common Gao! for the County of Derby, upon a Place called Nznis Green, in the Liberty of the Town of Derby, and for appointing a proper Place for tho fate Custody of Pril'oners, till such new Gaol shall be completed; and to impower the Justices of the Peace for the said County to pay the Pent rcierved to the Corporation for the said Ground, out of the County Pates: And that Mr. Venables Vernon and the Lord George Caven-d]h do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

IViHi am Beauchamp Prcbl

Mr. Arayatid; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of IVciv wick, Stafford, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

r. 1756.

t ies K emys 7Y

v i j C Mr. ywo>'kc.

1»: r. Aldcrma n

Sir Fr anets Pccle,

CrcJJr , Mr. Cope,

an F>: e;.. i, ts. ( f Lf f J , ' \ 1

rt. Lord Cluet;-

Mr Certs. Si;-

Dcziu Hi ate, Mr,

'arille. Mr.

dry. Mr. C

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a -certain open and common Field, called Radway lucid, within the Township of Radivay, in the County of Warwick, was read a Seco/.d time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Murdaunt, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Fel/ozces, Mr. Bold, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Drake, Lord Strange,

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

hftimate of the Charge of Eleven Troops of Lipd.t Dragoons, for the Year 1756.

And the Title of the salt! Estimate was read.

The said Efcimate is as followed!; i/fr.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Eleven Troops of Light Dragoons, for the Year 17 56.

One Troop, confiding of 1 Captain, 1 Lieutenant, 1 Cornet, 1 Quarter-matter, One Surgeon’s Mate, 2 Serjeants, 3 Corporals, 2 Drummers, and 60 private Light Dragoons - -

Ten Troops more -....

Levy-money for 737 Men, at £.3 each - For 737 Horles at £* 12 each - 4 -

Horse Furniture and Accoutrements for 737 Men and Horses, at £.5. 16s.yd. each -

Total -

Number*. Pay for 366 D^ys. 1 TOT A L.

£ s. d. £ * d-

72 720 3,115 11 6 3*^55 >5 — 34,271 6 6 2,2 II 8,844

- \

* - - - 4,302 4 9

792 i 1 1 49,628 11 3

War-Office, 26 7jan:iary 1756,

Barrington.

u

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Iloufe.

Sterrann,

ice.

Nat.

Etlcrnod'j

Nat.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bonnet and Mr. Burroughs:

o

Mr. Speaker,

The Loros have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalising Anthony Henry Fetter , Godfrey Moiling, and Chrifdan Meyer, with some Amend-

ments: To which Amendments' the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing JoJl David EJlernod:To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerfurtherof the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Colleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

20'

Mr. Colleton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevetal Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the several Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

The House was moved, That the 25th and following Sections of an Act, made in the 4th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry of the Reasons, offered by the Lords at a Conference, for insist* ing upon their Amendments to a Clause added by the House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Secu* rity of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the

Aiifwer to

A.ldrtU for Papers.

Motion respetfing appointing a Vice Treasurer, tie. of Ireland-

Grant of O&ce of Vice-tieMure’, &c. of Ireland.

Motion for a Committee on the 4th and 6th of Anne.

Linen

Mamuafiures.

Supply.

5

strife

Fooie Harjour.

tfe

C

Ills

5*'

29 Geo. II. 26° — 27s Januarii. 405

Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line (contained in the Journal of the Ilouie of the ith Day cf February 1705), might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, most humbly to beseech his Majesty, That he will be g'acioutly pleated to inform this House, upon what Grounds his Majesty hath been advised to appoint Three Persons to the Office of Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his jWajetly’s Revenues in his Kingdom of behind, and abb of Treasurer at War there; and whether the said Number of Three Persons, or mare, have been employed in the Execution of the said Office, at any time before the First Day of the Sc ill on of Parliament holden in the "4th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, within the true Intent and Meaning ot an Act, passed in that Year, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majally’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of in

the Protestant Line;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Mouse, a Copy of the lait Grant of the Office of Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland; and also of Treasurer at War there; together with a List of all such Persons as have been respectively appointed to the said Office, to the present Time, with the Dates of their re* ipebiive Appointments thereto.

The House was moved. That the 20th Section of the said Act, made in the 4th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the 27th Section of an Act, made in the 6th Yv.ar of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty’s Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House do, upon this Day Sevennight, take into Con-iulcration the said daubs;

It passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Dty being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upm Morn-

ing- next, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ol thcState of the Linen Manufactures ot Great Britain and Ireland,

Rejrved, Thai this House will, upon Wcthief day Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, 10 coiffider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti^ 2 70 die ‘januarii;

Anno 29® Geo'-gii IP' Regis, 175'j.

Prayers.

MR. Gnlilunreported horn the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Town and County o was

referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: V. here the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

VOL. 27.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Sir Peter ThcmpjonKnight, being examined, said, That

lie has known the Town of Poole Fifty Years: That it carries on a great Trade to Newfoundland, and other Places, and employs Two hundred Sail cf Ships: That he has paid the Duties of Quayage and Wharfage for his own Goods; and that it has been the Custom of Merchants importing and exporting Goods, to pay those Duties, which have always been under the Management of tIre Mayor and Corporation; and that he believed fm all Sums have been paid for Boo mage: That it has been the general Reputation that those Duties had been paid Time immemorial:

That some Persons have lately refused to pay those Duties; and, on a Trial at Law, the Town was non-doited, by the Town's People not being allowed to be Evidence; and that the Payment ot those Duties has been lincc discontinued:

That the little Quay has fallen down into the Harbour, and the great Quay in great Danger of tailing.

Mr. William Milner, being examined, laid, That the Town of Poole is a Place of great Trade; and that it has

Two Quays, one called the , the other the Great Quay: That a contidcrable Part of the Little Quay has fallen into the Harbour, and the Great Quay in a very ruinous Condition, every Pile being almost rotted away: That lie apprehended it would cost near One thousand Pounds to put these Two Quays into Repair:

That he has d'een the Duties paid for Quayage, Wharfage, Boomage, and Ballast, which were paid to, and under the Management of, the Mayor and Corporation:

That the Chanels leading to the Harbour are choaked up: That the Chanel, through which all Ships mull pais to deliver at the d own, is tilled with Mud; and that many Ships have lluck there: That there will be no Landing of Goods at the Town, if these Channels arc not cleansed: That the Mayor always directed the Repair of this Harbour, and defrayed the Charge out of the Money collected by Receipt of these Duties; and that it is the Opinion of every body, that the Town had, Time immemorial, received those Duties for the Repair of the Quays and Harbour:

Sir Peter Phompfon, being further examined, said, That

it has been customary to lcour the Channels leading to the Harbour in a certain Number of Years: That, at present, they want cleansing very much; and that the Charge of scouring (he Channels was defrayed out of the Duties collected for Quayage and Wharfage; and that, as he apprehends the Discontinuance of the Payment of those Duties is the Keaton the Channels are not cleanled.

Then an Inquisition of the 12th of May, in the 15th Year of Edward the Third, was produced to your Committee, directed to the Elchester of the County of Dorset, and other Counties, to inquire into the Right claimed in behaltof the Town of Poole to the Duties ot Careenage, and other Duties arising from Merchandize and other Goods brought into the Town of Poole.

By the Return to which Inquisition, on the 7th of June, in the 15th Year of Edward the Third, it appeared, upon the Oath of the Enquirers, that, for Time immemorial, the Town of Poole was entitled to Two Pence for Anchorage and Two Pence for Careenage, and to particular Sums therein mentioned, for Merchandize and other Goods therein particularly described.

Mr. William Milner, being further examined, said, That it is necessary to have a nightly Watch: That there are many public and private Warehouses, wherein arc contained great Quantities of Goods and Merchandize; and that many Houses have been broke open; and that if a Fire was to happen at low Water, it might destroy most of the Shipping and Craft lying at the Wharf:

And that great Quantities of Gunpowder are brought from London to Poole, to be exported to Newfoundland, and other Places; and that there is no convenient and proper Place for lodging the lame; and that a late and proper Place might be erected at a Place called the Corner

L of

Mynors’s

Name.

Mead

Brook

Kuaii.

fioughton,

See.

inclosure.

2 70 Januarii.

A. 1756.

of the Bulwarks, about Half a Quarter of a Mile from the Town, on the other Side of the River; and that there are no Houses nearer than Two or Three hundred Yards; and that it will he of great Advantage, if a nightly Watch was ellabiished in the said Town, and to guard the Wharfs, and also such Magazine, when erected.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into, or out of, the Harbour of the Town and County of Pooler and a!so of Ballad and Boomage Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharfs; and for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establishing and regulating a nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets, in the said Town: And that Mx.Gitlston, Mr. Henley, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Richard Lyttelton, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring ir., the lame.

Sir John Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Minors Esquire, and his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Gouge, in pursuance of the Will of Nicholas Gouge, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And hedclivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Sandysreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, living in and near the Road leading trom in the County of Gloucester, to Bridge, in the County of Hitis, was relerred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of the 13th Year of the Reign of King George the First, and also an Act of the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were read.

And Mr. William Pinniger said, That he knows the Roads mentioned in the Petition: That they are very ruinous and incommodious for Passengers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law:

That the Road from Mead Brook to Tolldoivn Gate is directed to be repaired by the before-mentioned Acts; but that the Commissioners thereby appointed have not repaired any Part thereof, nor collected any Toll thereupon; and that the Witness said, he had applied to the said Commissioners, at a general Meeting, desiring the said Road might be repaired; and had been answered, that they had not Money sufficient for that Purpose; but were willing to give up that Part of the Road, in case an Act should be obtained for the Repair thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Mead Brook, wind) divides the Parishcs of Pucklecture !>. and Mansgotsfidd, in the County of Gloucester, to

Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Pa 11 111: And that Mr. Mr. Gybbon, and

Colonel Whitmore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Henry Vernon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and walk- Grounds, in the several Parishes of

Houghton and Pi.ford, in the County of

And the liime was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Thi/llethwayle presented to the House, according White to Order, a Bill for repairing and[ widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of White Parish, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunivood Hill, and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton: And the iarrte was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.'

Sir Conyers D'Arcyreported from the Committee, to Bnimptnn

whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Ealt End of Brumpton High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of AJktigg and

Ingletcn, in the said County, to the Town of in the County of Lancaster; and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove ti e Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Act was read: And,

Mr. Alexander Fothergilllaid, That the said Road is Sixty Miles in Length; Forty of which have been repaired and made good: That £ 4,700 has been borrowed at interest by the said Trustees, which has been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act:

That there remained in the Hands of the Trustees, on the 24th June 175 5, after defraying the Charge of the interest of the said £.4,700, and other Expences necessary for carrying the said Act into Execution, only the Sum of £.31. gSi s\d.-, and that the Tolls now collected by virtue thereof arc nor a sufficient Security for the borrowing a further Sum of Money, which is necessary to finish and complete the whole Road, and keep the same in Repair, unltis Carriages and Cattle passing thdsaid Road, going unladen for, or laden with, Coals or other Fuel, art-charged with Toll, which by the said Act they are exempt from paying, and to erect a Gate between the East End of Brumpton High Lane and Richmond aforesaid; and also that the Term and Powers, which, in several Instances, have been found ineffectual, are further continued, and made more efttftual.

And further laid, That the several other Roads de-lcribed in the Petition are in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Statute-work, with an annual Assessment of Sixpence in the Pound on the Estates of the Inhabitants, will not be sufficient to keep the same in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and making more effectual an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brumpton High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of Ajkrigg and Ingleton, in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster; and also for repairing the Road leading from Richmond aforesaid, through

Gilling, Melfonby, and Aldborough, to otherwise

Louly Cross, and from Gilling, through Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Moor: And

that Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Mr. Colleton, the Lord Downs, and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

14 A Bill

29 Geo. II,

2 70 jfanuaru.

J: vf

407

Regulating A Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine the Mamie Forces, while on Shore, was read a Second time.

Forces. Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven--inght; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Stemann, The House proceeded to take into Consideration the &c- Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Stemanu, Peter Ottc, Godfrey Moiling, and Christian 1\lexer.

And the said Amendments were read; and areas followeth; viz*

Pr. 1. L. id. Leave out " and:"

L. 12. After " 'Germany" insert <c Henry " Bielf eld, Son of John Bielf eld by Elizabeth his Wile, €C born at Bremen in Germany, John Peter Blaguire ju-c< nior, Son of John Peter Blaguire by Catherine his W ife, tc born at Rotterdam, and Matthew Lichigar ay, Son of €C Peter Lichigaray by Abigal his Wife, born at Orches 46 in France

Pr. i. L. 23. Leave out the First " and, " and, after <c Meyer" insert " Henry Bie/feld, John Peter Blaguire, and Matthew Lichigar ay

L. 34, 35. Leave out " and, " and, after Meyer" insert " Henry Bielf eld, John Peter Blaguire, 4€ and Matthew Lichigar ay

Pr. 2. L. 23, 24. Leave out c< and, " and, after Meyer," inlert " Henry Biefeld, John Peter Blaguire, f< and Matthew Lichigar ay

L. 33. Leave out " and, " and, after "Meyer" insert " Henry Bielf eld, John Peter Blaguire, and Matthew Lichigar ay

In the Title, leave out " and, " and, after " Meyer" add 4C Henry Bielf eld, John Peter Blaguire, and Matthew Li chi gar ay "

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynajlqn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

fcipoa. The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Knowles, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Borough of Ripon by Ingram Bank to Pateley Bridge, from the Narrowness thereof, and the Nature of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing through the lame, is in a very ruinous Condition; and that Travellers cannot pals along the same without great Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the Law's in being, be effectually widened and repaired: And he further said, that, if the said lload was repaired and widened, it would be of great Advantage to the Freeholders and Inhabitants retiding in that Neighbourhood, and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the High Road from the Borough of Rippon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge, in the County of York: And that the Lord Downe and Mr. Shelley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing JoJl David Efernod, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 27.

Resolved, Thdt an humble Address be presented to.his Majesty, Thar he will be graciouliy pleased to give Direct tions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Knowles at Jamaica, dated 12 August 1748 —

Extract of the Letter from the Secretary of State to Governor Tre/awney, inclosing the Proclamation of the Lords Justices for the Celfation of Hostilities wi;h Spain. —

Extract of the Letter from Admiral Knowles to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, in Answer to their Order above mentioned —

Extract of the Answer of Governor Tre/azvney to the Secretary of State, on his Receipt of the Proclamation aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Colleton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom the Bill for the speedyand effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; atfd he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendmentswere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, W'ere agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, providing that the Pen.ilties of the Bill shall not extend to known Quakers.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, usually travelling the ltoad leading from the Town of Wincanton, in the County of Somerset, to the Village of Sparkford, in the said County,' Was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition which has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the R<acts leading from the Eighteen Mile Stone, about Half a Mile beyond Willoughby Hedge, in the Parish of East Knoyle, in the County of Wilts, through and to the several Places in the said last mentioned Petition described; and alleging, that the Roach from the Town of IVincanton to the V illage of Sparkford is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts thereof very narrow, and cannot be effectually amended by the Laws in being: And thereforeproving. That Provision mitv be made in the said intended Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, or that they may have such other Relict therein as to the 1 louse shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the teveral Gentlemen, and other Persons, whole Nanus are thereunto subscribed, living near, and utually travelling through, the Road leading from the Eighteen Mile Stone, about Half a Mile beyond IVillonghby Hedge, in the Parish of East Knoyle, in the County of Wilts, through the Town of Mere, in the said County of Wilts, and from thence through the Town of Wine ant on, in the County of Somerset, to the Parish Church of Chatlton Houtfwr in the County of Somerset; also the Road leading from Willoughby Hedge to the West End of Long La>ie in the Parish of Kilmington, in the County of Somerset, and also the Road leading from the Town of Win cant on aforesaid to the Sherbourne Turnpike Cross Gate on Cajile Hill, in the Road to Ansford, in the said County of Somerset; was referred, be revived.

Ordered, That the said Petition,1 now presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The

' A'drcfc , for P^ptrs.

Recruiting the Land

Forcei.

Willoughby

Road.

40 8 270 — ^8°

Appkby Xhe House proceeded to the further I faring of the -lection. ^a[fer of (f,c several Petitions, complaining of an undue Efe&ion and Return for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of ITejhnorlaud.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners produced Evidence, in order to justify the Votes of Two other Persons, who are dated, upon the Poll taken at the said Election, as having voted for the Petitioners, and whose Votes were rejected by the Returning Officer, as having been given in Right of Tenements alleged to be Improvements on the Wade, or to have been lplit from other Tenements.

And they having called ,in order to

prove that the Tenements, for which the said Two Persons voted, arc ft u rgage Tenements, and have been voted for at several former Elections:

And the said James Ha having, in his Evidence, mentioned a Conveyance made of the said Tenements by himself and his Two Brothers;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members objected to the Examination of the said James Harrison as a Witness, he being, as the said Counsel alleged, concerned in Interest.

And the said James Harrison having been further examined in relation to the said Conveyance:

And being withdrawn;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members infilling on their Objection to the Examination of the said James Harrison as a V\ itness, in order to prove that the said Tenements are Burgage Tenements;

The Counsel for the Petitioners were heard in Answer to that Objection.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members having replied to that Answer;

The Counsel on both Sides withdrew.

They were again called in.

And the said James Harrison was examined, in order to prove that the said Tenements had been voted for at several former Elections.

And several other Witnesses were also examined, in order to prove that the said Tenements had always been deemed Burgage Tenements, and were polled for at an Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the.Year 1723.

And Part of the Poll, taken at the said Election in the Year 1723, was also read, in order to prove that Two Persons voted for the said Tenements at the said Election.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to justify the Vote of One other Person, who voted for the Petitioners, and whose Vote was rejected by the Returning Officer, as having been given in Right of a Tenement alleged to have been split from another Tenement.

And Part of the Poll, taken at the said Election in the Year 1723, was also read, in order to prove that Two Persons voted at the said Election for the said Two last-nientioned Tenements.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to justify the Votes of Two other Persons, who are dated, upon the Poll taken at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, as having voted for the Petitioners, and whose Votes were rejected by the Returning Officers, as having been given in Right of Tenements alleged to have been split from other Tenements.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to justify the Vote of One other Person, who is stated, upon the Poll taken at the said Election, as having voted for

januarii. A. 1756*

the Petitioners, and whose Vote was rejected by the Returning Officer, as having been g’ven in Right of a Tenement alleged to have been split from another Tenement.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdrawn

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Thurjclay Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die *Janua;

Anno 29° Georgii IP* Ifcgis, 1756.

Prayers.

rl’^ H E House being informed, That Mr. , Account!

( J. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended °* at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmai 1729 to Christmas 1754, and from thence to Lady-day 1753; distinguishing eaffii Year, the Species of such Linens, and the Duties paid thereon: And also.

An Account of all foreign Linens exported from that Part oi Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1729 to Christmas 1754, and from thence to Lady-day 1755; dilbnguishing each Year, the Places to which the same were exported, the Species of such Linens, and the Amount of the Drawbacks paid thereon.

And then I t- withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Clevland presented to the House, pursuant to their

Orders,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it Estimate of flood on 31st December 1755: And also, NwyDebt.

An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in Account the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December of Seamen. 1754, to 31st December 1755, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service.

Mr. Clevland also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Estimate of what may be necessary for the Build- Estimate ings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, of building for the Year 1756. Sh'fs-

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Account were read.

The said Estimates and Account are as followeth; viz.

Navy

r

29 Geo. II.

28° Januariu

409

Navy Office, ? An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter 22d ’January 1756. J mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1755.

Heads of the Naval Eftiroates.

Particulars.

TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, supplied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, tec. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1755, as also to several Bills of Exchange -To His Majesty’s Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council, on that Behalf -

Seamens Wages.

Due, to pay the Men, (Ac. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1755 To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea, idc. - -

For Marine Clothing, Accoutrements, &c.

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1755 -

For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports ——

Sick and Hurtj the Debt of that Office, as Estimate received from those Commissioners viz.

Due for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Service

the Total amounts to the Sum of One Million Nine hundred Seventy-eight thousand and Seventy Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence Three Farthings -

From whence deducting the Money in the Y C

Treasurer’s Hands - fas on the other)

As also the Money that remained to come f Side. Y in of the Supplies of the Year - } (.

The Debt will then be One million Six hundred Eighty-eight thousand Seven hundred Ninety-one Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings -

422,414 11

11,628 10 7

102,537 9 9

>77.154 0 0

32>5ox >4

68,543 18

743.9 2 7 0 ° 1

*9«525 >5 6

>5*94 10 > j

I3>6*4 3

272,840 16 10

22,378 12 7

4.775 9 2

>7.93* >7 2

84,686 14 4J 204,592

>4 4i 1

ia j

r. d.

746,236 6 6

857»49> 3

330,651 18 9

43>691 2 8

1,978,070 u 7$ 289,279 6 n

1,688,791 4 8

Charles Saunders, Theo. Slade, IV. Bately, Dan. Devert, Bichard Hallt R. Qsborn, G. Adams,

M

jMemorandum

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31 (I ^December 1755, in Money, as under-mentioned and may be reckoned -ft*

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy

o

o

n'

CD

Q.

O"

O

o

?T

In what Treasurer’s Hands.- In Money. On the Heads of >V TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports. Seamens Wages. \ Victuals.

£. s. d. £. s. d. C d. £. S. d.

( In Money ----- 7,816 4 3i 193 2 64 1,827 19 8 1 '

Right honourable Sir ’John Baronet < V 10,493 17 it

( . D\ towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 656 10 8 - - .5

_. s In Money - - - - 5,801 17 6} 185 17 6i 94 3 60

Right honourable George Dodtngton Esquire I 6,119 18 I I

( D% towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen m "* " 38 0 44

In Money ----- 10,722 c l| 2,291 3 6i 4>521 J7

Right honourable Henry Lerre Esquire < c 17,594 10 4

m/ OO X i D*, towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen m 59 9 4 - - -)

( In Money - - - - 12,001 15 71 17,205 16 5I 11,661 19 20

Right honourable George Esquire^ c 50,478 7 I

O 6 11 D% towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen -: 9,608 16 8 - - -)

t\ £ 36,34* 17 6£ 30,238 17 if 18,105 19 8i 84,686 14 4?

There remained, on the 31st December last, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1755

L j. d.

204,592, 12. 6f

K>

OQ

Si

Cn

2p Geo. II. 28° J411

Navy Office,) An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from 22d January 1756.) the 31st December 1734 to the 31st December 7755, upon a Medium of each Month; dif-

tinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service: Prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 19th lnstant.

Months. Borne. 1- Muttered.

‘January - I2»559 12,003

February - 19,695 lS,133

March - - 23,801 23,97°

April - - - " - 28,650 25,622

A say - " 34,6i8 29,798

June - 36,919 3l>z7l

July - - - " 38,004 3Z>'7S

1 1 1 $0 1 - - - " 39>389 34,594

September - 43,639 35,5i2

October - - - - m - - - 42,008 35,808

November - - - 42,199 36,376

December — " 42,868 35,955

4°3>349 351,220

Upon a Medium - - 33,612 29,268

Charles Saunders, Theo. Slade, IF. Bately, Dan. Divert t

Richard Hall, G. Adams.

Navy Office, 23d January \y;6.

An ESTIMATE of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebui'd’mgs, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for tire Year 1756: Prepared in pursuance of an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated the 19th lnstant.

Time when to be Charge of the;r V V

VIace where. O Ships Names. Nature of the Repair. Taken in Hand. 1 A Completed. Hulls, Masts, and Yards. R'lgZU'.p and Stores. TOTAL.

Building D £. c

Deptford - 74 Norfolk - - In Hand Mar. 1757 - ic, oco 10,000

Dublin - - Building In Hand Alar. 1757 - 12,000 — 1 2,000

fVoolwich - 80 Prineefs Amelia Building In Hand December 1756 22,000 6,363 28,363

90 B lenheim - Proposed to be set up after the Royal George

is launched - - 4,000 — 4,000

74 New Ship Propoled to be let up on Slip, N° 4. 4,000 — 4,000

63 Rippon Building I In Hand Alar. 1757 - 1 , OCO — 1,000

Chatham 90 Union - - - Building - j In Hand September 1736 14,000 6,745 20,745

Samkvich Proposed to be set up after the Namur is

launched - - 5,000 — 5,000

70 Bur ford - - Building In Hand September 1757 4,000 — 1 4,000

! 74 New Ship Proposed to be built in One of the Docks - 3,000 . 3,000

Sheernifs - 60 Montague Building - j In Hand June 1757 5° 0 — 5C0

Portsmenth 100 Britannia - - Ordered to be) built,) Uncertain Uncertain 2,000 — 2,000

90 Neptune - - Building In Hand December 1756 16,216 7,87° 24,086

New Ship to be Proposed to be let up after the Neptune is

called the Triumph launched f - 2,000 — 2,000

* O Dorsetshire . - Building - ] 1 In Hand j September 17 5 8 5,000 — 5*0 00

Plymouth - bo New Ship, in j Piopufed to be set up and built on the

' lieu of the Great Slip - 2,000 — 2,000

Cm:m nil.

60 Pembroke > - - Building - 1 In Hand j December 17 56 5,;00 — 5,500

For converting the North Slip into a Dock, which is much wanted

in Time of War, and will be very useful for fitting and repairing

Fhips in Time of Peace m m 6go

Vol. 27. Ships

U.

412

28° Januarii.

Ships building and propoted to be built in Merchants Yards.

A. 175

River Thames 74 Shrewsbury -

Harwich 60 New Ship -New Ship -

Northam, 1

near > 1 74 New Ship -

Southampton J

River Thames 60 New Ship -

60 New Ship -

60 New Ship -

Building

Building

Building

Building

Building

In Hand In Hand In Hand

In Hand

In Hand

Mar. 1757 Mar. 1757 Mar. 1757

January 1758

0 Sober 17 57

Total -

£ £ if-

- 15,000 — 15,000

- 15,000 — 15,000

7,500 — 7,500

11,400 — 11,400

7>5°° — 7,500

\ 7>5°° — 7,500

I 7,500 — 7,500

£-\ 183,616 20,978 205,194

'For the Hulls of the Ships 183,616 Rigging and Stores - 20,978 ABSTRACT: { New Dock at Plymouth 600

Total

- 205,194

Viz. The Sum of Two hundred and Fire thousand One hundred Ninety-four Pounds.

Charles Saunders. Theo. Slade, Dan. Devert, Richard Hall.

R. G. Adams.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Act Mr. Godolphin reported from the Committee, to whom relating to the Petition of the Members of the Council, and other Quarantine. pr|ncjpai Inhabitants, of the Island* of Scilly, whose Names are thereunto subsenbed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition ;and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the tame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners produced an Act, made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, whereby it appeared, that all Vessels being to the Northward of Cape Finisterre, which shall appear to have the Plague on board, shall immediately proceed to the Harbour of New Grimsby, in the Islands of Scilly, and remain there tHl his Majesty’s Pleasure shall be known; and every Commander, who shall not comply with this Regulation, shall suffer Death: And,

Captain Shepherd, being examined, fiid. That he is well acquainted with the Scilly Islands: That the Harbour of NeivGrimsby is not more than Four hundred Yards wide, and lies between the Islands of Trejco and Bryer, which are both well inhabited, and that great Numbers of homeward-bound Ships put in there; and that if an infected Ship should put into this Harbour, it would be extremely dangerous:

That the Harbour of St. Helens Pool lies between Three uninhabited Islands-.That Ships may lie there with great Safety.- That there is Plenty of freth Water in these Islands, and convenient Places for airing any Goods without the least Danger of Infection; and that it is as eafv to give notice of the Arrival of any Vessel from this i I arbour as trom New Grimsby.

Mr. Gilbert Douglas confirmed the Evidence given by Captain Shepherd; and said, that there are about 300 Inhabitants in the Island df Trejco, and above 200 in the Island of Bryer — That he has seen between 50 and 60

Ships at a time in the Harbour of New Grimsby, and at tome times (as he has been informed) there are more:

That there is a good Harbour at St. Helens, and a Baton that will hold Three or Four large Ships.

20

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Harbour of New Grimsby, in the Islands of Scilly, is an improper and dangerous Place for the Reception of Ships and Vessels infected with the Plague, by reason that the same lies between the Islands of Trejco and Bryer, both fully inhabited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Harbour called St.Helen's Pool, in the Islands of Scilly, is a safe and commodious 1 larbour for the Reception of Ships and Vessels; and being situate between Three uninhabited Islands, is a mere proper Place for the stationing of Ships infected with the Plugue, than the Harbour of New Grimsby.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill te explain and amend a Clause in an Act made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain ox Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, whereby the stationing of Ships infected with the Plague, to the Northward of Cape Finisterre, is confined to the Harbour of New Grimsby, and removeable to no other Place.

The Two First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, wer^, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend a Claute in an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man And that Mr. Godolphin and Mr. Clevland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Garth reported from the Committee, to whom Sheppjf* the Petition of several of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Wilts; and also of several Gentlemen,

Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, living in or near the Roads and Highways thereinafter-mentioned and described, whose Names are thereunto subsenbed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen,

Clergy’,

29 Geo. II. 8°

X)

ft

3

9

5

Tcwkefhury

Roads.

Kenfingron

Parochial

Rates.

Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Wilts, living near the Roads therein after-mentioned,

whose Names arc thereunto subscribed; were severalivre-

9

ferred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he' road the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same v/as read; and is as followeth; viz.'

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

An Act of Parliament, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and also an Act made in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and also an Act made in the 18th Year of his present Majesty, were read, by which Acts le-vcral Tolls and Powers were granted and continued, from the Expiration of the Term granted by the said Act of the nth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for the further Term of 2 1 Years, for the Repairs of the Highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes, and between the Top of Ashlington Hill and Rowd Ford\ in the County of Wills.

Mr. Charles Garth, Mr. Edmund Nice, said, That the said Roads cannot be sufficiently amended, and the Money due upon the Credit of the said Acts repaid, unless the said Term and Powers are further continued: And Mr. Nice laid, That the Sum of £. 2,000 has been borrowed by the Trustees towards the Reparation of the said Roads.

Mr. Garth further said, That the Road leading over Ashlington Hill, directed to be repaired by the said Acts, is very flc p, anddifficult to be kept in Repair; and that if a Road was made crols Tinkfield Lands, under the said Hill, it would be leis expensive, and more convenient to Travellers.

And that the Road leading from the Top of Red Hone to Sterl Stone, in the Parish of Urjhfont, in the County of Wilts, being about Two Miles and an Half in Length, is in a very ruinous Condition, and narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually amended and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament passed in the 5th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the 1 ith Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes, and 'from Stcrt Stone, in the Parish of Ur/l?Jont, to Rowd Ford, in the County of Wilts, and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid: And that Mr. Garth and Mr. Willey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of Tewkesbury to Cofcomb Gate, and from IfabeCs Elm, to the Top of Gotlierington Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and from Tewkesbury to a Farm House called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction Poll in the Pari ft! of Ripple, and to Simonds Ford Brook, and from Breeden to Erkington Bridge, in the County of Woreefer, and from Tewkesbury to Wainloads Bridge, and to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road from Tilbury to Cirencester, and from the Market I Ion le in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from Burford to Gloucester, near a Tree called Puejdon Ash, in the said County of Gloucefcr, is committed.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Williamson and John Clarke, Churchwardens, Samuel Hewitt and Simon Wood, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, was lefeired, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report Vo 1. 27.

the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in ar the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The several Aftsof43 Eliz. the 2d of William arid Mary, and the 3d and 4th of William and Mary\ were read.

Then Mr. Gate ley said, That there was great Difficulty in collecting the Rates made in pursuance of the said Acts.

And Mr. GYeen, Vestry Clerk of KenJingtOn, produced to your Committee the Surveyors of the Highways Rate for 1752, by which it appeared, that in^. 70 there was t Deficiency in the Collection of £. 48. 17s. 6d.

And Mr. Gateley said, That he was Solicitor to the Trustees for repairing the Turnpike Road leading through the said Town; and that the Parish of Kensington compound with the Trustees for repairing such Part of the Road as lies within their Trust, for £. 70 per Annum, according to the Directions of the Act of Parliament: Th*lt Mr. Bodington was Surveyor of the Highways for the Year 1732, and only paid £. 20 to the said Trustees; and that he, the Witness, by the Direction of the said Trustees, levied the remaining £. 50 upon the said Bo-dington's Goods.

In regard to the Method of railing Money for cleansing the Streets,

The Witness said, That the Inhabitants of the high Street meet once a Year in the Vestry, and chuse Two of their own Body to be Scavengers; then they adjourn to a public House, spend £. 7 or £. 8, and make a Rate upon the Inhabitants of 6d. in the Pound, which they collect, but never account for, and at the End of the Year put the Surplus in their own Pockets.

Joseph Bound, Surveyor for the Year 1755, said, That he had found great Difficulty in collecting the Rates: That a great many Gentlemen would not pay a Farthing: That he has not collected^. 50, and ought to have col-ledted above £. 150.

Mr. Williamson said, That if the Rates were consolidated, it would be a great Saving to the Parish, as well in the making the Rates as in collecting of them, as Two Persons might then do the Business which now employ Six.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestry, of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said Parish: And that Sir William Beauchamp Protlor, Mr. Garth, and Mr. Cooke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Brifol, under their Common Seal, was presented tothe House, and read; taking notice of the Act made in the last Session, for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of Br if ok and of the Bill depending in the House to explain and amend a Clause in the said Act, and render the same more effectual: And alleging, that some further Alterations and Provisions may be expedient for the more easy and effectual carry ingot the said Act into Execution; and that some Doubts have been conceived, and Difficulties arisen, upon the said Act, for rating Lands, and likewise for rating Persons according to their Abilities J and that it hath been thought reasonable, that the Watchmen to be appointed by the said Act should be limited to a certain Number, except in Cafes of Riots and Tumults; and that the Power in the said Act, of committing to Prison any Collector or Chief Constable who shall refuse or neg^cl to account, or pay the Monies in his Hands, without Bail or Mainprize, has been thought inconvenient without some Alterations and Restrictions; and the Power in the same Act, of committing to the House of Correction, lot want of Distress, Persons who neglect or refuse to pay the Rates, hath been deemed unnecessary; and tfcatit hath been

5 N thought

Bristol

Watch.

414 2 8° Januarii. *2.175

thought reasonable that the public Buildings, Persons, and Bodies Politic, which by an Act passed in the 2 2d Year of his Majesty’* Reign, for more effectual enlightening the Streets of the said City, arc made liable to be affclled to the Rates made in virtue of that Ad, shouldalfo be made liable to be assessed to the Rates made, or which shall be rtiadc, in virtue of the said Act of the last Session, or of the said Bill now depending; and that the Petitioners apprehend a Power vested in the Justices of the said City, in Sedions, to hear and determine Appeals, will be sufficient to answer the Purposes intended by the said Act of tire last Session: And therefore praying such Clauses and Provisions for the Purposes, and for remedying the Inconveniencies, aforesaid, may be made and inserted in the said Bill, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ofa Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Nugent, Sir Joint

Philipps, Mr. Alderman Becltford, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Lee, Mr. Gore, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Corks, Mr. Creffwetl, Mr. Sir John

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Kyi nylon. Colonel cawen, Mr. Harris, Sir Mr Mr.

Barrow, Sir John Cujk, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shelley, Lord Hobart, Mr. and, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Fellozves, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Grey, Mr. Scott, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Rowney, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Page, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lyjler, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Yemen, M '. Edward Nugent, Mr. Stanly, Mr. Crowle, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Cooke, Sir Wm Beauchamp Mr. Bayn-tun , Mr. Walpole, Lord Pulteney, Lord Mr.

Hardinge, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Martin, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pelham, Lord Mr. S/oper,

Mr. Charlton, Sir William Calvert, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hayes, Sir Francis Poole, Colonel A’Court, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. More, Colonel Whitmore, Mr.

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Moore, Mr. Rigby-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Gloucester and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Basingfloke An ingross’ed Bill for repairing and widening the High Road;. Roads from Bajittgstoke, through Popham Lane, Cranborn Water, Sutton Scotney, and Stockbridge, and the several Parishes of HoughtonBroughton, Loiver Wallop, and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lubcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winlerjlow, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 26. L. 12. To Leave out " hereafter," and inlert " thereafter

Pr. 29. L. 2. To leave out " by," and insert " at

Pr. 34. L. 12. To leave out " of such."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening chc High Roads from Basingstoke, through Popham Lane, Sutton Scotney, and Stockbridge, in the County of to a Place

called Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts-, and also

for repairing and widening the Road from Spittle House, over WeyHill, to Mullen's Pond, in the said County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Momlagu and Mr.

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

B-hnal The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Green for making and widening a Road from the Eall Side of Kou<l*

the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Midcl/efex, to the Eall End of Church Sired, in the said Pari 111, and to open a Way or Road into Shoreditch, and keeping the same in Repair, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

The Lord Hobart reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copy dnd Extracts therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him t<J acquaint this lloufe, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Roberts, late Governor, Treasurer, and chief Agent, to thelate Royal Company

of England at Cape Coajl Castle in Africa, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tire same was read; and is as fob loweth; viz.

The original Appointment of the Petitioner to b" Pre-lident of the Council, Chief Agent, and Treasurer, of Cape Const Castle, and the Dependencies thereof, under the Common Seal of the said Company, was produced to your Committee, and read.

And by the State of the Auditor of the Imprefts, upon the Demands of the Petitioner, it appeared, that out of £ 10,000 granted by Parliament in 1749, and iflfued by the Commissioners of the Treasury to the late celles Esquire, towards the Support of the African Company’s Forts in Africa, £.7,283. lor. 32/. was by the said Henry La/celles, consigned to the Petitioner.

Then a Memorial presented to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, by the Petitioner, was read; praying a Reinibursement of his extraordinary Charges to the 31st of January 1750; which was by their Lord Chips referred to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, and the Report of the Lords of Trade thereupon was also read; whereby it appears,

That Disputes had arisen between the Engl if and Dutch in regard to the Jurisdiction over the Fort and Territory of Dixcove, Territory of and Forest

Atchua-, and that in April 1750 the Dutch Director General did, in a Letter to the President of Cape Coajl Cafle, declare War against the English, attacked the Fort at Dixcove, seized the English Canoes, and committed divers oilier Hollilities; and that Mr. R.oberls had proved to their Lordships by living Witnesses, who 'were then upon the Spot, that Hollilities were continued on the Part of ihcDutih to the End of December 1750, at which time the Fort of Dixcove was Hill inveffed; and that the Defence and Preservation of the said Castle and Territory appeared to their Lordships to have been a Service of great national Importance, which mull necessariJy occafiun a large Expence j and that if, upon a proper Examination, it should appear that the Petitioner, in supporting and defending the British Forts and Territories in Africa, has necessarily expended a larger Sum than the Amount of the Supply lent to him by Mr. Lascelles, he was justly entitled to a Reimbursement.

Which Report was, upon the 30th of May 1754, referred to Leivis Monson Watson Esquire, One of the Auditors of his Majesty’s Imprefts, to consider the fame, and to inquire what was the Amount of his Claim, and to report to their Lordships how the Payment thereof was vouched, as appeared by the original Order of Reference produced and read to your Committee.

And by the said Auditor’s State of the said Mr. Roberts’s Demand for Supplies furnished tohim for the Support and Defence of the British Forts and Settlements in Africa in the Year 1750 (produced also to your Committee) it appears, that there remain:; a Claim or Surplus akie to the Petitioner of£. 6,032. 7 id.

Arhvr" to Addrtfs for Papers.

Roberts’ Charae< at Capr* Coalc Cauie.

Bedford

Level

Corijoration

Boiids.

Half Pay Life, &c.

Message from th* King; Arpevican Colonies.

Ways and Meant.

Linen

Manufactures,

Supply.

20 Geo. it. iS° *$am 4*5

Ordered, That flic laid Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to’ his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Morton, Mr. IVm.

Mr. Buplijl Leveson Gower, Mr. Colonel

grave, Karl of Upper Ojfory, Mr. Herne, Mr. Ongiey, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. John Mr. Rigby,

Lord Fane, Mr. Vynerjunior, Mr. Richard Vernon, Lord Bateman, Mr. Brand, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bulloch, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, an i Commonalty, of the Company of Conlervators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, is referred.

The Lord Barrington presented to the I Joule, pursunnt to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, entitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1756.

The Lord Barrington a!so presented to tire House, by his Majesty’s Command, Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1756: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines whodied on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were tnarried to them before the 25th of December, 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1756.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Etlimates were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Lifts and Estimates are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary Fox acquainted the House, That he had A Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by his Majest'; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being sensible of the Zeal and Vigour with which his faithful Subjects of certain Colonies in North America have exerted them (elves in Defence of

his Majesty’s just Rights and Possessions, recommends it to this House to take the same into their Consideration, and to enable his Majesty to give them such Assistance as may be a proper Reward and Encouragement.

G. R.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s said most gracious Mef-sage be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

T he Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Eleven Von. 27.

't.

Troops of Light Dragoon?, for the Tear 175re"

ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1755, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had made some Piogrels in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read,- for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland;

Ordered, That all Accounts, relating to Linen, Flax,-and Yarn, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, and which have not been already referred to the said Committee, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners and Trustees for improving Fisheries and Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain calied Scotland, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linens imported into England from foreign Parts, from 1734 to Christmas 1740, inclusive, distinguishing each

Year (which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of May 1742), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all foreign Linens exported from Great Britain to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1734 to Christmas 1740, inclusive, distinguishing each Year, with the Drawbacks that have been paid thereupon (which was presented to the House upon the 3d Day of May 1742), be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all foreign Linens imported into that Part of Great Britain called England, from Christmas 1748 to Christmas 1753, distinguishing each Year, and the Species of such Linens (which.was presented to the House upon the 13 th Day of 1755), be re-

ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all foreign Linens ex-' ported from that Part of Great Britain called England to the British Colonies and Plantations in America, from -mas 1742 to Christmas 1743, distinguishing each Year, the Species of such Linens, with the Drawbacks pnid thereon (which was presented to the House upon the"i3th Daydf January 1755), be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dodingtan took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dodingtonreported from the Committee, That thfey had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Moraing, Nine of the Clock.

I inen jVl-uuiaC-tures.

290 Janu

A. 1755.

Jovis> 290 die Januarii }

Anno 290 Georgii IP" Regis, 1756.

PR AVERS.

Ellell H E Lord Strange presented to the House, adcord-

Iudoiur?. X ing to Order, a Bill for inclosing divers Parcels of waste Grounds or Commons in Ellell, in the County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Willoughby Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom Hedye the Petirion of the several Gentlemen, and other Persons, ^oa<1, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the Eighteen Mile Stone, about Half a Mile beyond Willoughby Hedge, in the Parish of East Knoyle, in the County of Wilts, through the Town of Mere, in the said County of Wilts, and from thence through the Town of Wineanton, in the County of Somerset, to the Parish Church of Charlton Houthornin the county of ; also the Road leading from Willoughby Hedge, to the West End of Long Lane, in the Parish of in

the County of Somerset; and also the Road leading from the Town of Wineanton aforesaid to the Sherborne Turnpike Cross Gate on Castle Hill, in the Road to Ansford, in the said County of Somerset and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, usually travelling the Road leading from the Town of Wineanton, in the County of Somerset, to the Village of in the said

County; were severally referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations' of the first-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Jehu Wanfeyinformed your Committee, That he "had funfeyed the Roads mentioned in the Petition, which are in a very bad Condition, and unsafe for Travellers and Carriages; and that the same are in many Places too narrow.

Mr. Peter Davis confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Wan-, fey; and added, that the said Roads cannot be repaired by the Laws now in being.

To prove the Allegations of the Second Petition,

The said Mr. Davis said. That the Road mentioned in the said Petition is in a ruinous Condition, in many Parts

A Petition of the several Persons; Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, the Freeholders arid principal Inhabitants of the Parishes of Or It on and Richard Castle, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Petition, which has been presented to the House, for a Bill to amend and widen the Road leading from the Way in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County aforesaid, through the several Places mentioned in the said Petition, to fteigne, in the County of Radnor-, and alleging, that the Road leading from the said Rye Way, to the Maidenhead in the said Parish of Orleton, is already Part of a Turnpike Road; but that the High Road leading from the Maidenhead aforesaid, through Comberton to Wooferton, in the County of Hereford, is, in divers Places, very ruinous, especially in the Winter Season, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the 'Hfoufe, and read; setting forth, That the High Roads leading from Presteigne over Stapleton Hill, through L.ngen, to Leint-tear dine, and from Presteigne aforesaid, through Nash, to the Top of Trapp Hill, in the County of Hereford, are very narrow and ruinous, especially in the Winter Seas>n, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That some Provision may be made in the said intended Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads leading from Presteigne over Stapleton Hill, through Lingen, to Leintwardine, and from Presteigne,

through Nash, to the Top of Trapp and for erecting Toll-houses and Turnpikes on such Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the.Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Thomas Gere reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Inhabitants, and Tradesmen, living in and near the Towns of Farringdon, in the County of Bucks, Borough of Cricklade, and Borough of in the County of Wilts, and others of the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition,

thereof too narrow, and cannot be effectually amended and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to by the Laws in being. them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

Stone, beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mere, in the County of Wilt?, and through Wineanton Mr. John Chandler Ready laid. That the Roads men-to Chariton Houthorn; and from Willoughby Hedge afore- tioned in the said Petition are in a very ruinous Condition, laid to the West End of Long Lane in Kilmington; and and, in many Places, almost impassable in the Winter Sea-from Wineanton aforesaid to the Sherborne Turnpike Cross son, and in many Parts very narrow and incommodious; Gate on Cattle Hill; and also from Wineanton to Spark- and that the same cannot be effectually amended and wi-ford, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr. Protvfe, dened by the Laws in being.

Mr. Fazakerley, and Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, do prepare, Mr. Edward Dunn, Mr. Joseph Cope, said, That they

'and bring in, the fame. know Part of the said Roads, and confirmed the above

Evidence with regard to such Roads.

Wye Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a-^Lv mutcc> to whom the Petition of those, whose Names are repairing the Road from the Town of Farringdon, in the thereunto subscribed, being several of the principal Inha- County of to the Town of Cricklade, and from

biiants of the Parish of C/irow, and other Parishes lying the nce to the Town of; in the County of

rwar thereto, in the County of Radnor, and also of the Wilts, and the Road from thence to join the Turnpike

Town of Hay, and other Parishes lying near thereto, in Road at in the County of Gloucester and the County of Brecon-, and also the Petition of those, also the Hoad from in the said County, through

whole Names are theieunto subscribed, being several of Malmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Badge, and the Road the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Hay, and other from Sherfton to join the Turnpike Road leading from

Parishes lying near thereto, in the County of Brecon, and Tetbury to And that Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Caryf-

also of the Parish of Ctirow, and of other Parishes lying Mr. Earle, Mr. Pye, and Air. , do prepare,

near thereto, in the County of Radnor; are referred. and bring in, the lame.

18 Mr.

Rve Wjv Road.

Ditto.

Farrinodon,

See.

Road.

Sapnlving

i'dinburgh

City with V\ a;cr.

P amfga’e ll^rtour.

Poo’e

Gate

Road.

Neene

River

Navigation*

29 GEO.II. 59° Januarli. 417

Mr. Alexander reported from th* Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Magift-atcs, and Council, of the City of Edinburgh, on behalf of themselves, and the Community of the said City, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

George Drummond Esquire, laid, that the Inhabitants of the said City are at some times in great Want of fresh Water, which is very inconvenient, and, in Cafes of Fire, dangerous:

'J hat there is Plenty of fresh Water on the Hills South of the City which might be conveyed to the said City by Pipes to be laid for that Purpose; but that the same cannot be done without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

* Todd Esquire, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Drummond.

Ordered, T.ait Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better (implying the City of Edinburgh with fresh and wholefoine Water: And that Mr. Alexander and the Lord Advocated Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ref hived, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itlell into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the Report, Plans, and other Papers, which were presented to the Hoi.fe upon Tuesday the 20th Day of this Instant January, relating to the Harbour of Ram (gate.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refcived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, now in Force, for making the River Neene, alias Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable; the one made and passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for making the River None, alias Nine, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable; the other made in the nth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the said former Act; and of the Land Owners and Occupiers of Estates adjoining up )n the said River on the West Side Tkrapfton Bridge, in the County of Northampton; and also of the several Inhabitants of the several Market Towns of North-a- pton, Higham Ferrers, and Wellingborough, in the Coun-tyatoresaid, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; was referred, That the Committee h id examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The laid Two Acts of Parliament were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Yeoman and Mr. Olden Bowker said, That the River Neene has Communication with the Sea Ports of King's Lynn and Wisbeach, and is navigable from thence up to Thrapflon Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and is capable of being made navigable from the said Bridge to Northampton, which would be of great Benefit to the Towns of Northampton, Higham Ferrers, and Wellingborough, and to the Westemaud great Part of the Northern arid Southern Parts of the County of Northampton, and to Trade in general:

Vol. 27.

That the Powers newvested in the Commissioners by the said Acts, are not sufficient to complete the Navigation of the said River to Northampton, from their Want of Power to borrow Money on Credit of the Tol ?^, which will arise by the said Navigation, and securing the fame, and making the Securities transferable, and to purchase Lands and Mills011 tire said River, and better to secure the Tolls and Duties which may arise upon the said Navigation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the explaining, amending, and rendering more effedua),

"Two leve*al Acts of Parliament, one of them paflld in the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Neene, alias Nine, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, and the other, made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George iht First, for making more effectual the said foimer Ad: And that Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Thurjby, the Lord Carysfort, and Mr. Charles Montague, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dodingtcn, according to Order, reported from the Linm Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Manufa6uros* to consider of the State of the Linen Manufacturesof Great Britain and Ireland, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place $ and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Considerationupon Wednesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the . Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue t left ion.

Election and Return for the Borough of Appleby. in the County of Westmoreland.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order tojuftify the Votes ot several Persons, who are Hated, upon the Poll taken at the said Election, as having voted for the Petitioners, and whose Votes were rejected by the Returning Officer, as having been given in Right of Burgage Tenements, alleged to have been split from otfierTenements.

Then the said Couniel examined several Witnessl*s, and produced Evidence, in order to add to the Po l of the Petitioners Six Persons, who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, and were rejected by the Returning Officer.

And they having proposed to add to the Poll of the Petitioners one other Person, who tendered his Vote for the Petitioners, and was rejected by the Returning Officer:

And having dated the Nature of the Objection made by the Returning Officer to the Vote of the said Person: and having been heard thereupon:

And having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to prove that the said Person was in Right of his Wife, possessed of the Freehold of the Burgage Tenement, for which he claimed to vote;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members having admitted, that the Wife of the said Person had been once by virtue of a Deed of Settlement made by her former Husband, Tenant for Life of the said Tenement;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

50

Shrew {bury

through

Ellrfmere

Roach.

White Par: Hi Roads*

grew ton Roadi.

418 2°Februarii. 1756.

Luncey2° die Februarii;

Anno 29’ Georgii HJ‘ Regis, 1756.

Pr a yeks.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and other Traders and Inhabitants, within or near the City of Chester, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Freeholders of the Counties of and Denbigh, waspresented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Petition which has been presented to the House for a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of through Ellesmere, in the County of Salop, and ,in

the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and to amend several Roads in the said Petition mentioned; and setting forth, that the Road from Wrexham aforesaid, through Pnlford, and through a Lane called Wrexham Lane, to Dee Bridge in the City of Chesterand also the Road from the North End of the said Lane called Wrexham Lane, within the Liberties of the said City, over Saltney Nlarsh, to a Place called the Old Fire Engine ia Eroloe, in the County of Flintare in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law; And therefore praying, That some Provision may be made for repairing the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Atftfor repairing the Roads from the Town of Siirenfthrough EUefntere, in the County of Salop, ar.d Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh-, and also of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing upon or near the Roads therein after-mentioned; is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of Waite Parish, in the County of to the Top

of DunwoodHill, and from thence, over Great Bridge and

Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. thwayte, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Mr. Lambton, Colonel Whitmore, I.xrrd Parker, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tempcft, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mr.

Croivle, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Provofe, Sir Thomas Mr. Lowndes,

Lord Royflon, Mr. AleJlicott, Sir Robert Ltng, Lord Fane, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Onslow', Mr. Bacon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gu/fton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. ‘hornhagh, Mr.

More, Mr. Tv.clivay, Mr. Mr. Mr.

T'rif, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Torke, Mr. , Mr. Locke,

Mr. Willes, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr.

Wrighte, Mr. Elliot, Sir Conyers D'Any, Mr. Nugent, Mr. A my and, Mr, Gibbons, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Grenville,

Sir William Co dr ingt on, Mr. V Colonel Lejlie, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Lyfer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, end :And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Prow/ epresented to the Hon.fr, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and ’widening the Roads leading from the town cl Brczvton, through the Pari (lies of Bateomb, Layton, and Riarflon, to the Town of Froom; and from Brno to;: alorel.nd ro the Turnpike near Milton Bridge; and from the said Town of to the First

Direction Pod on the Ik in: anion Road; and from Redly in h Park to I taraway; and a!f> from the said Town of

Brezvlonto the Sherborne Turnpike Road near Hardfpen; and from the Cross Ways near Pitcombe to the said Turnpike Road; and from a Place called Whitmore Corner to the said Turnpike Road; and from Whitmore Corner aforesaid to Brevet 0:1 Gate, leading into Red lynch Park aforesaid, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Famnjdon, Tkurjday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for &crepairing the Road from the Town of in

" the County of Berks, to the Town of Cricklade, and " from thence to the Town of Malmcfbttry, in the County " of [Fills, and the Road from thence to join the Turn- pike Road at Acton Turville, in the County of

" cester; and also the Road from Tel bury, in the said

County, through Alahnejburyaforesaid, to Chippenham

" Bridge, and the Road from Shaft on, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Vet bury to Bath might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was alii) moved. That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, principal Inhabitants, andTr.ulefmcn, living in and near the Towns of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, Highworth, Borough of Cricklade, and Borough

of Malmesbury, in the County of and others of the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.which was presented to the House upon Saha day the 17th Day of January last; and also the Report made to the House from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be dtlchargetl.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the lload from the Town of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Cricklade, and from thence to the Town of Ala/mefbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Road from thence to join the Turnpike'

Road at Alton Turville, in the County of Gloucester; and also the Road from Telbury, in the said County, through Malmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge, and the Road from Sherson to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tet-bury to Bath: And that Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Robert Long, the Lord Carysfort, Mr. Earle, Mr. Pye, and Mr. Dig by, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Richard WarwickBampfylae presented to the House, j, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more effoftual, an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Sandys presented to the House, according to Or- der, a Bill for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads Br' leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Pari Hies of Ro»J. Puck/echurch and Mangotsfield, in the county of ,

to ChristianMatford Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and

also from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain waste or common Grounds in the Parish of Brancepeth, in the County of Durham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lamb-ton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. 'Temped, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Eger ton. Lord , Mr. Hill,

Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Duncombe, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Lyster, Lord Shelburne, Mr. P-oivfe, Mr.

Ilerbeit, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Montague, Mr. Kynafon, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Curzon, Sir Featherfton-

hagli, Sir John Phillips, Mr. DMr. Mr. Bouverie, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Fellowes, Lord

Strange,

Fnar

Bacon's

Study

Kcad.

Bon^htoa,

&c.

inclosure.

29 GEO.II. 2° Februarii 4 r 9

Strange, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Digby, Mr. Crow'e, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Liner, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Myddelton Mr. Pozvell, Mr. Hunt, Sir Charles Afar daunt. Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Yorks, Mr. 1ow?]hendt Mr. La fee lies; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West more I and Lane after, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Alcrton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in, or near, or frequently travelling, the Hoad ieading from a Place called Fryar Bacon s Study, near Oxford, in the County of Berks, through Bagly IVcod, to die Pnd of a certain Street in the Boroughot Abingdon, called the Vine-yard, and from thence through Abingdon, over a Place called Watkins's V harf, and over Mr. William Birch's Bridge, through Caldecot Lane, up Cooper Way, by a Farm-house called Gilbert through the Fields called Galfazv Leys and Drayton East Town Field, the Lane called Milton Lane, and the Village of Milton, up Milton Hill, to a Pond called Chilton Pond, being in or near the Road leading to End Jlftey, in the said County of Berks; and also the Road leading from the Top of Hinhfey Hill to a certain Gate near the House at Foxcombe Hill, called Foxcombe Hill Gate, Part of the Road from the said Htnk-Jey Hill to Farringdon, in the said County; and atlo the Petition of the Gentlemen and other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; were fever&lly referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to rep >rt the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the , Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Edward Clarke laid, That he knows the Road from Fryar Bacon $ Study, through Bagley Wood, to the Vineyard in Abingdon, over Ock Bridge, through Drayton and St event on, to Chilton Pond; and also from Hinhfey Hill to Foxcombe Hill: That Part thereof is the great Road from Oxford to Portsmouth: That the (aid-Roads are very ruinous and bad, and, in some Places, extremely narrow and incommodious for Travellers:

That, upon Part of the Road, there is a Causeway, which is narrow and very dangerous for Passengers; and the said Roads are incapable ot being effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the Laws now in being.

A Member present confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Place called Fryar Bacon s Study, through Bagly Wood, and through Abingdon, over Ock Bridge, and through the Vi llages of Drayton, St event on, and Milton, to Chilton P nd-, and also from the Top of Hinksey Hill to Foxcombe HU/ Gate, on the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks: And that Mr. Morton, Sir Edward Turner, and Mr. Lambton, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Houghton and Pisford, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Vernon, Mr. Leveson Gozcer, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Carysfnrt, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Sir John Cust9 Mr. Bridgman, Sir Charles Vernon, Lord Bo ft on, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Sandys, Lord Downe, Mr. Westpdialing. Sir John Peachey, Mr. QjjVy, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Poke, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hard, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lee, Mr. S/oper, Mr. Citrzvn, Mr. Medlicott, Mr# Campbell, Me Alderman Dickhfcn, Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr.

VOL. 27.

Rigby, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Trifl, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Cartwright, Mr. More, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr Gvb* bon, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Duncoyv.be, the Marquis ot Granby,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower, Mr. Myddelton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Northampton, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Freehold- Tewkesbury ers, of the Counties of Gloucester and Worcester, was pre- RcmcI*. fented to the House, and read; alleging, that several of the Provisions and Powers contained in the Bill, depending in the House, for repairing and widening th several Roads from the Town of Tezvkesbury to Cofcomb Gate, and from lfabels Elm to the 'Fop of Gothermgton Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and from Tewkesbury to a Farm-house called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction Post in the Parish of Ripple, and to Simonds Ford Brook, and from Breedon to Eckington Bridge, in the County of Worcester, and from Tezvkesbury to Wainloads Bridge, and to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road from Tet~ bury to Cirencester, and from the Market-house in Cheltenham to the 'turnpike Road from Bur ford to Gloucester, near a 'Free called Puefdon Ash, in the said County of Gloucester, may be very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that such reasonableTolls may be inserted in the said Bill, as may not be burthensome to the Farmers, and others frequenting the said Roads, and like-wife such Qualification of Trustees, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are there-unto subscribed, Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Pa*-rish of Deerhurst, in the County of Gloucester, was also presented to the House, and read; representing divers Inconveniences and ill Consequences, which, the Peti: loners apprehend, may arise to them from several Clautes in the said Bill; and alleging, that the Petitioners the Inhabitants of Deerhurst, are at great Expencesin repairing and maintaining the Banks of the River Severn, to prevent the total Destruction of their Lands lying near the said River; and, for that Reason, were, by an Act, passed in the 12 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, to several Towns therein mentioned, exempt from the Payment of any Toll for palTing along the Road leading from Tewkesbury to Wainloads Bridge: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that no Part of the Expences relating to the procuring of the said intended Act may be defrayed out of the Tolls to be collected on the Road from Tewkesbury to Wainloads Bridge, or the Money to he borrowed on the Credit thereof; and that the Inhabitants of Deerhurst may be exempt from the Payment of any Toll to be collecte{i,in pursuance thereof, on the said Road; and that the Statute-work to be performed by the said Inhabitants may be only performed on the said last mentioned Road; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of Tewkesbury to Cofcomb Gate, and from lfabels Elm to the Top of Gother-ington Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and from Tewkesbury to a Farm-house called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction P ft in the Parish of Ripple, and to Simonds Ford Brook, and from Breedon to Eckington Bridge, in the County of Worcester, and from Tewkesbury to Wainloads Bridge, and to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road from Te:~ bury to Cirencester, and from the Market-house in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from Burford to Gloucester, near a Tree called Ptiefdon Ash, in the said County of Gloucester, is committed.

Colonel

420

2° Februariu 175(3.

York

Building,

Plymouth

Roadi.

Colonel Cornwallis reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors and Inhabitants of York Buildings, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Stephens, Srone-mason and Builder, said, That the Terrace Walk, and a Stone Edifice called th Abater Gate, adjoining to the River of Thames, and belonging to the said Buildings, and the Walls, Steps, Gates, and Rails, of the said Terrace Walk and Edifice are greatly decayed, particularly the Center Arch, which supported the Steps belonging the said Water Gate, is broke through the Wall on the West Side, intirely demolished, and that on the EastSide in a very ruinous Condition; and the Abutments, which should supperr the said Stone Edifice, are greatly decayed, arid in part washed away; and that it will require a considerable Sum of Money to puli down and repair the fame.

Mr. William Greening, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence; and laid, that if Provision was made for pulling down, rebuilding, and repairing, such Parts of the said Terrace, Walk, Stone Edifice, and the Walls, Steps, Gates, and Rails, as shall be thought necessary, it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in the said Buildings, and Convenience of all Persons resorting thereto.

Mr. William Crawley produced a Deed, dated 16th June 1690, made between Richard Campion, Elizabeth Green, Rowland Reynolds, and John Campion, of the one Parr, and Edward Hidfe Doctor of Physic, of the other Part; whereby it appeared, that the Ule and Benefit of the Terrace Walk and Water Gate there were to be used in common by the said Hidfe wit hot hers the Buildersand Tenants of York Buildings; and that he had seen several other Conveyances, where the like Usage was granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in York Buildings, in (he Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, sufficient to answer the Expence of pulling down, removing, rebuilding, and repairing, of the Terrace Walk and Water Gate, and such other Part of the Premises adjoining to the River Thames, and belonging to the said Buildings, as shall be judged necessary; and for keeping the same in Repair far the future: And that Colonel Cornwallis and Sir John Crcffe, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near, and ufu-aliy travelling, the Road from Saltash FaJJage, over the Common in the Pari lb of St. Budeaux, to his Majesty’s Dock-yard in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, and to the Town of Plymouth, was presented to the House, anu read; taking Notice of the Petition, which has been presented to the House, for repairing the Roads from a Place called Hock Pound, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, near his Majesty’s Dock-yard at Plymouth, through and to the several Places mentioned in the said Petition; and Petting forth, That the Road from the Common, in the Parish of St. Budeaux, to the Paflhge leading to Saltash, is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made for repairing the said Road from the said Common to the aforesaiJ Passage, in such manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-^deration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of (he kvcral Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, residing in or near the several Roads thereafter mentioned, in the County of Devon, is referred; And that they do ex inline the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Edward Fernet! reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants, in the Hundreds of Colneisand Carlford, in the County of Suffolk, whole Namesare thereunto lub-(cribed, in behalf ol themselves, and the rest of the Inha* bitants of the said Hundreds, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; dnd afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Milefon Edgar, being examined, said. That the Number of poor Persons relieved by the several rarilhes within the said Hundreds, hath of late Years greatly increased; and that the Rates are some Hundreds of Pounds more than formerly; and that the great Increase of this Expence aritesfrom the present Method of allowing a separate Weekly Allowance to each poor Person; and that if they were brought together, they might be maintained much bet ter and cheaper.

And he further laid, that poor Children are put out to poor Persons at a great Expence; but that if they could be brought together, they might be better maintained at a lets Expence.

A Member present informed the Committee, that there is no Power legally to compel such poor Persons as are able, but not willing, to work.

Mr. Kirby, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Edgar, as to the Hundred of Carlford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk: And that Mr. Edward Vernon, Sir Cordel Firebrace, and Mr. Affleck, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom theingrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 27th Year of his present M ljvfty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates of Sir Ifiac Lawrence WooHajion Baronet, an Infant, situated in the [fie of Ely and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, inTruftccs, to be foid or mortgaged, to raise Money for Payment of his Sifters Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;and that the Partiesconcerned had given their Co;i-sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

And the House being informed. That some other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingTofled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing JoJt David Efternod, w'as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fellowes, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sleper, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Y'orke, Mr. Kmfhn, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Sir Charles Mor daunt, ?vfr. Calvert, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gy boon. Sir Rd. Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Morton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Chet ivynd., Sir Armine Wo de house, Mr. Nor they. Lord

Roy ft ox,

Co'n-is

cm!

CVliord

tGwif.

Xrd’.if]

on 3

fcfteics.

Eltfrrfs

N*.

J

Dr. Young thanktd.

Brvifli

lSul)lCi ts not !o irrv e foreignState*.

Ways tiii titans.

6tippfv.

Restitution of a Spanish Rrizr.

29 Geo. II. 2* — 3° F421

Rofton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Potter, Sir Willoughby Afon, Mr. M>re} Mr. lutrou, iVIr. Gvrr, Mr. Bayitun, Mr. Gajhrv, Mr. Colebrocke, Mr. Orfinv, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Barbir, Mr. Ol;uirisy Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Put, Mr. Torujlc'tiu, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Egeyton, Mr. Whitting ton, Mr. Cun life, Mr. Per non, Mr. Stanley, Air. /F//-k in fan, Mr. Ilunger, Mr. Sargent, Mr. IP a I ter, Mr. Harris, Mr. Rigby, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lcjlic, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Robinfn, Mr. Grenville, Lord Parker, Air, Lezvis, Lord Halve: And tLey are to meet this Afternoon at Five oi the Clock, ill the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this Iloufe be given to the reve'end Doctor Philip Toung, for the Sermon by him preached, upm Friday lad, before this 1 Joule, at c /. Margaret's, Westminster: And that he be deli red to print the l:un:: And that the Lord Dvpp/in, Mr. George 0.jp~v, and Mr. Thomas lounjhend, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a U;1I to prevent his Ai a jesty’s Subic ds from forcing as Officers or Soldiers under any ioieign Prince or Suites, without his Ala jesty's Licence: And that Mr. Secretary Fox, the Lord Barrington, Mr. Attorney General, and Air. Digly, do prepaid, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itlAf into a ('onurhittee of the whole 11 uie, to consider fu. »h?r of Ways and Means, far railing the Supply granted to his Majesty;

ResolvecJ, That the House w *11, upon Wedneshy Morning next, rcloive it fell into the said Commiuee.

The other Order of the Pay being read, for the IT.uG to resolve iiielf into a Commute: f the whole Louie, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Efnmate of the Charges of suppnrting and maintaining the Settlement cA i is Maicily’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1 756, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting am’ mainlining tie Settlement of !iij MnjcfiAs CoLnv o. Nova Scotia, fion the illot Jnnit,:ry 1754, UMhe iff Duerber following, be rcicired to the [..id Ck n.mi:tee.

Ordered, That the Litimate of due Civil Kffablishment of his Majesty’s Colony i>i Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24*11 of Jane 1754, to the 24th of June 1750, be referred to the said Committee.

Then tire House relieved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the C,mir.

Air. Charlton took the ("hair of the Committee.

Air. Sneaker returned the ('hair.

Mr. Charlton rep uted from tire Committee, That they had come to teveral Resolutions; which 1 liey bad duceded him to uport, when the Home will picaie to receive tire fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton aifoacquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, Tnai they may have Ixave to lit again.

Rejilved, That this I Ioi.de will, upon UPhifdny M<rn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Clevland presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Mojwfty,

Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Knoze/es at Jamaica, dated 12 Augv.ft 1748: Aadallb,

Vol. 27.

Extra# of a Letter from {tear Admiral Knozv/es, to Mr. CUvia id, dated at Jamaica the 24:!) Jamary 1744, in Aniwar to an Order from the Cotmmliiouers of the.Admiralty to him, dated 12 August 1748.

And the Titles of the said Copy and Extra# were read.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellis have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the Horde accordingly:

Ordered, That the said Copy and Extra# be referred to the Committee, to whom the Paper, containing a Petition, which had been presented to Ins Majesty, intituled, iC The humble Petition of James Tierney, of London, <c Merchant, Agent for, and on Reha.for, Don Libino cc Bernardo V airier break, and others, Merchants, residing u at Cadiz,n:u] Subjectsot his Ckuhohc Majesty the King " of Spain, ()wne 1 > ul the Money and Effects heretofore 4 4 taken on I on.1 d t!ie Spcinish Polavra Pinna Mariay St. ct Fdix, by a Squadron of your Majally’s Shops under the Command ot Admiral Knoules," is reiened

The laid Copy and Extra# are preserved amongil the oilier Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mdrtisy 30 die Februarii;

Anno 290 Georgii IIU Regis, 1746.

Pray e r s.

A III. Prozvfe presented to the House, according to -L > Jl Order, a Pill for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stem, beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wills, ami through fJ incanton to Charlton Ho a thorn; and from IPil-ImHjby ILdee aforesaid to the West End of Lon? Lane in

o ... »-> 7

Liuumgton; and from Wincanton aforesaid to the S/ier-bo:nr\ urnpike Crof Gate on Cattle Hill; and also irom I Pi ncant en to Spark ford, in the County or Sower set: And the same was cceived; and read the Fir it lime.

R /lived, That the Dili be read a Second time.

Mr. Aid worth repv/rted from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor, Bailiff., and Commonalty, of the Company of Conlervators in the Great Level of the Fens, cornu only called Bedford Lie el, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter uf the said Petition; and had directed, him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he icac! 1 he Report in his Pn.ce; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed. That same further Evidence is necefiry to be produced upon fume of the Matters mentioned in the said Petition;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

Sir Lionel Pilkington reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gcntry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Owners and Occupiers of Lands, in the Vvhdl Riding of the County of York, and ^-f t! c 'I ruiless appointed topuf in Execution I wo Acts of Parliament,

| tiled in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Mail by, the one of them intituled, An Act. lor rc nailing the RoaAs born a Place called Red Hvr/e, 1 ear Dcncv/ur, to IPakifield, and through the said Town of U a kef eld, by FeuJbitcy, Ilightozvn, and Light cliff, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and the other, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from /’ akefe/d, to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called I Peclaad, in the Tow nth ip of Henjall, and from Pentefracl, t*' If entbridge, in the Township ot Darringtcn, in the W eft Riding of the County of Turk, and of the several Creditors under the said Acts} was refeircd, that the

5 P Com

WiH'uigbby IR445 Ro ill.

Bedford Lt vel Corporation Bonds.

Redhouse

runr

Dontaffcr

Road

VJV nfoot Harbour.

422 3* Februarii. 1756.

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Two Acts of Parliament were read.

By an Account of Monies borrowed by the Trustees for repairing the Roads between Wakefield and Halifax, it appeared, that /. 3,1 So, had been borrowed, and that the Sum of Five Pounds is now due for Interest:.

By an Account of Monies borrowed by the Trustees for repairing the Roads between IVikefield and Red House, it appeared, that the Sum of/, 1,107. *s now due and owing for Principal and Interest, £.67. of which Sum is due for Interest.

By an Account of Monies borrowed by the Trustees for repairing the Roads between Wakefield and Weelaud, it appeared, that the Sum of/. 2,102 icr. is now due for Principal and Interest, /. 52 for. of which Sum is due for Interest: And,

Mr. William Whitworth said, That the Money borrowed by Authority of the said Acts has been duly applied under the Direction of the said Trustees, and that some Progress has been made in repairing the said Roads; but that the Tolls granted by the said Acts are insufficient effectually to amend and keep the same in Repair, and that it is necessary the said Trustees should have some further Powers vetted in them; and that the completing the Repair of the said Roads will be of great Advanrage to the Trade of the West Riding of the County of and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the House, near Done after, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dezvfbury, High Tozun, and Light

c/iffe, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place

called Weelattd, in the Towr.ship of Henfall, and from

PontefraEl to Wentbridge, in the Township of Barrington, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Sir Lionel Pilkmgton, Mr. Rigby, the Lord and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Mr. Wyndham Obrien reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Coal Proprietors, exporting Coals from, or living near, the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland, and of the Owners and Masters of Ships following the Coal Trade there, whose Names are thereunto severally subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and all others trading the re, and of the rest of the Inhabitants of Ellenfoot aforesaid, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of the 2zd Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the said Harbour, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Trustees therein named were impowered to borrow any Sum not exceeding /. 2,000. for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: Tnen,

Mr. John Christian informed your Committee, That he is well acquainted with the Harbour, and the Proceedings of the 1 ruftecs in regard to the same:

1 hat/. 2,000 has been borrowedand applied according to the Directions of the said Act, which has been a great Advantage to the I own in the Increase of their Trade: That upwards of/. 1 j,oooo. has been laid out in build-

ing of Houses ih Ellenfoot, within the Six Years last past:

That an Iron Furnace is fiftished in the said Town, where great Quantities oflron are fmeked, and a Glats-house is erected there.

That a common Brewery is begun, and a Paper Mill, Pottery, and Ropery, are set up there, and a considerable Herring Fishery carried on from the said Town, to the Increase of Seamen, the Benefit of the adjacent Country, and the Public:

That the Trade of the said Town and the Harbour Duties have greatly increased:

That the Witness hitnfelfhasa Colliery, which, before the patting of the late Ad, was not worth above /. 200 a Year, and now brings him in /. 800. a Year; and that the Trade and Duties will be still greater when the Waggon Way, which is already begun, shall be finished: That it will be necessary to build Two Stone Quays, which will amount the one to /. 128, and the o'hcr 10 /. 224. in order to make the Harbour commodious: and that Contracts have been made by the Commissioners for that Purpose, as well as for deepening the Harbour, on which Works the Commissioners have already expended Sixty-two Pounds, and are under Contract to pay the further Sum of/. 200. and upwards:

That there is the greatest Reason to believe that the Harbour Duties will still continue to increase, as in the Year 1749 they amounted only to/.22 2 and in the

Year 1754 to/. 189 is. $J.and the Increase will be still larger when tire Waggon Way is complete:

That it will require a much larger Sum to complete the Works already begun, and make the Harbour Lie and commodious, than can be raised within the Term for which the present Duties are granted; and that it will be necessary to restrain Buildings within a certain Space of the Harbour for the Convenience of the Quays and Wharfs, to which Humphrey Esquire, the Pro-

prietor of the Ground, has given his Content, and that several further Regulations and Provisions are necessary for the Convenience of the Trade carried on in the said Harbour.

Mr. John Broom and Mr. Robert Bains, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Chris-lian j and the latter added, That ti e Town of Ellenfoot, since the making the said Harbour, from a Place of no Trade, is grown a considerable trading Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted byan Act, passed in the 22d Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland: And that Mr. Wyndham Obrien, Sir Lionel Pi/kington, Sir William and Sir John

Mordaunt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Mynors Esquire, and his First and other Sods, and their Heirs Male, to take and ule the Surname of Gouge, in pursuance of the Will of Nicholas Gouge, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir Conyers D'Arcy reported from the Committee, io whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition ;and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered itin at the Clerk’s Table :Where thefanje was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through to the South

i3 West

Mvnon

JName.

Let’s

S. c.

Roads-

Brail'll

Fiiheiy,

29 Geo. II. 30 Februa 42b

West Corner of the Inclosures of and from

thence in Two Branches, one through over Bur-

rage Green, and the oilier through and

roughbridge, to Rippon, and from thence to the Fit ft Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton , in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs, or Ruts on the said Moor, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Trustees appointed by the said Act, for that Branch of the Road lying between the Town of Leeds and Rippon, by way of Ripley, are impowered to lessen the Tolls made payable on that Part of the said Road; Then,

Mr. Jackson produced the original Book of Orders of

the said Trustees, by which it appeared, that the said Trustees had reduced the Tolls allowed to be taken by the said Act.

And also the original Book of Accounts of the said Trustees, by which it appeared, that they had borrowed £. 2000. upon the Credit Sf the said Tolls.

And that the State of the yearly Expence of the said Trust was as follows; viz.

£ s. cl.

For Interest on £. 2,000 So 0 0

To Two Bar-keepers - ‘3° 0 0

To a Surveyor - 14 0 0

To a Clerk - 5 0 0

To Repairs - 70 0 0

199 0 0

And that the annual Amount of the

Tolls was no more than - 119 6 2

So that there is a Deficiency of the In-

come, to answer the Expence, of - 79 *3 IO

And a Member prelint informed your Committee, That some Part of the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act is at present in a very bad Condition, and that the present Turnpike Gates are inconveniently placed; and if they were removed to proper Places, it would cause a considerable Increase in the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the down of , through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrogate, and from thence in Two Branches, one through Ripley, over Barrage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and Boroughbridge, to Rippon, and front thence to the Firth Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of Yorkr, and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor: And that Sir yers D’Arcy, Mr. Aijlabie, and Mr. Ofbaldeston, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, That Mr. Simmons, Ac-comptant to the Society of the Free British Fishery, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to The

House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, an Account of the Receipts and D fburfementsby. t he Society of the Free BritiJ/i Fishery, Irorft 31st December 1754 to 31st December 1755.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, w hole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Lane called St.Mary's Lane, leading from Corve Bridge, in the said Town, into the Road leading from the Market House in the said Town, towards Henley, and also the Road leading from the said Market House to a Gate upon the Road leading out of to

Mochtre Brakes called the Louse Gate, and also the Road from Ludlow to the said Gate called the Louse Gate, are very ruinous, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament: And therelore praying, That in the Bill ordered to be brought in lor amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the said Town of Lud-low, Provision may be made for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Lane called St. Mary’s Lane, and the said Road from Ludlow to the said Gate called the Louse Gate, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Herbert, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Gafbry, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Char, Mr. Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Vernon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Mr. Fyner, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir John Air. Martin,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Medlicot, Mr. Page, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Strange, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Dupplin, Mr. lips, Mr. Townshend, Mr. KynMr. Mr.

Gore, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fairfax, Mi-. Hunt, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Clayton, Lord Downe,

Mr. Montagu; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Salop, and Hereford, and for the Principality of Wales:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, a Paper, intituled, " Charge of a " Regiment of Foot, of Four Battalions of 1,000 private " Men in each."

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The laid Paper is as followeth; viz.

Yojl. 27.

CHARGE

Ludlow

Road*

Charge of

a Regiment of Foot.

424 3°

175,5.

CHARGE of a Regiment of Foot, of Four Battalions of 1,000 private Men in each.

Field and Staff Officers.

Colonel, without a Company Four Colonel Commandants Four Lieutenant Colonels Four Majors Four Chaplains Four Adjutants Four Quarter Matters Four Surgeons Four Mates

each 14-f. each 7 each 5 each 6 each each each each 2

8

8

6

One Company.

Captain

Two Lieutenants

Ensign

Four Serjeants Four Corporals Two Drummers 100 private Men

Allowance to the Widows Allowance to the Colonel Allowance to the Captain Allowance to the Agent

each 4*. 8

each 1 6

each 1 each 1 each — 8

Thirty-five Companies more, of the like Number and Rates

One Company of Grenadiers.

Captain

Three Lieutenants Four Serjeants Four Corporals Two Drummers 100 private Men -

Allowance to the Widows, Colonel, Captain, and Agent

Three Companies of Grenadiers more

each 4*. 8 each 1 6

each 1 each 1 each — 8

War Office, Feb 3d, 1736.

Barrington.

Total for Four Battalions

- £.

Per diem.

j. d.

— 14 —

2 16 —

I 8 —

I 1 6 8 16 — 18 8

' — 16 —

— 10 —

IO 5 4

10 —

— 9 4

— 3 8 6 —

3 4 — 2 — 6 8

5 i 8

— l 4

— I 2 I — — 6

5 v-n 00

i CO 18 4

10 —

— On 4^ 1 I 1

3 2 — 6 8

5 4* 1 CO

5 6 8

16 ——

21 6 8

221 l6

For 366 Days.

£ s

3-757 12

1*933 14

67,679 10

7, So8-----

81,178 16 —

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to

to be perused by the Members of the House. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Recruiting the Land F ortes.

An ingrafted Bill for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill j 'viz.

Pr. 22. L. 10. To leave out from " thereof’ to " and, " in Line 14.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refo/nd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for the speedy and eflfectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, i?

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Kel'olutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred and Fifteen thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to be distributed, in such Proportions as his Majesty in his WilHom shall think fit, to his Majesty’s Colonies of New England, New York, and Jersey, in America, as a free Gift

and

Supply/

29 Geo. II. 3° — 40

and Reward for their pad Services, and an Encouragement to them to continue to exert the ml elves with Vigour in Defence of his Majesty’s just Rights and Pcffefliuns.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sunt ot Five thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, to be given to Sir William as a Reward

for his Services.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Appleby The House, according to Order, proceeded to the fur-Klc&ion. ther Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners produced Evidence, and examined feve.al Witnesses, in order to let aside the Votes of Four Persons who voted for the Sitting Members, the said Counsel having alleged, that the said Four ' Persons, being Inhabitants of the Hospital of at

Appleby, were not intit led to the Freehold of the Tenements for which they claimed to vote, and that the said Tenements had never been deemed Buroage Tenements.

- , . OO

They also produced Evidence, in order to let alide the Votes of Eight other Persons who vot.d for the Sitting Members, as not being intitled to the Freehold of the Tenements for which they voted.

And they having proposed to produce Evidence, in order to let aside the Votes of Two other Persons, who voted for the Sitting Members;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw'.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of said Petitions be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Jtfgulating Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

the Marine ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole Force*. House, upon the Bill for t he Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 4.0 die;

Anno 290 Georgii II41 Regis, 1756. Prayers.

MR. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is ns tolioweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Act made in the last Session, for establ idling, maintaining, and well governing, a nightly Watch within the City of Bristol, was read: And,

Mr. Elton, being examined, laid. That some Doubts have arisen upon the Construction of one of the Claulls in the said Act, whether Power is thereby given to levy Money, for the Purposes of the said Act, upon Meadow and Pasture Lands lying within the Liberties of the said City.

And he observed to your Committee, That some further Provisions may be necessary for the more effectual carrying the said Act: into Execution, and to render the same sufficient for answering the good Purposes intended thereby.

And that some Difficulties have arisen upon the Direction in the said Act: for rating Lands and Persons according to their Abilities:

That it has been thought reasonable that the Watchmen Vol. 27.

Februarii. 425

to be appointed by the said Acc should be limited to a certain Number, except in Cafes of Riots and Tumults:

That the Power given by the said Act, of committing to Prison Coiledors or Constables refuting to account far or pay the Monies in their Hands, without Bail or iM.un-prize, has been thought inconvenient: And,

That the Power of committing Persons, refusing or neglecting to pay the Rates, to the House of Correction, for want of Distreis, hath been found unnecessary.

And it appearing by several Clauses in an Act: made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, " For " making more effectual an Act: passed in the nth and " 12th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, " for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers "Avon and Frvome, and for cleansing, paving, and en-

" lightening, the Streets of the City of Bristol, so far as " the same Act relates to the paving and enlightening the " laid Streets, and for the regulating Hackney Coachmen, " Hallfers, Draymen, and Carters, and the Markets, and *' Sellers of Hay and Straw within the said City, and " Libe, tics thereof," which was read to your Committee, that all Churches, Meeting Houses, Halls, and other public ftuildings whatsoever (llospitals and Alms-houses excepted) are to be alfelled for the Purposes of the said Act.

Mr. Elton observed to your Committee, That it hath been thought reasonable that the fimelhouk! be made liable to the Assessinonts made in virtue of the ibid Act of the last Session, or of the Bill, now depending in the House, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act of the last Session.

And he further observed, that a Power vested in the Justices of the said City, in their Sessions, to hear and determine Appeals, will be sufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Act of last Session.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, a Clause in an Act made in the lull Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well governing, a nightly Watch within the City of Bristol, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses lor amending, explaining, and rendering more effectual, the said Act touching the rating of Lands, and alib the rating of Persons according to ti.eir Abilities, for limiting the Nun\ber ot Watchmen, and also relating to the Commitment ot Collector and Chief Contlables who shall refuse or neglect to account, or pay the Monies in their Hands, and to the Commitment of Persons w'ho refuie to pay the Rates, and for a Iff fling the public Buildings, Peiions, and Bodies Politic, and recovering such Assessments, and for hearing and determining Appeals by the Juilicesof the said City in Sessions.

A Bill for inclosing divers Parcels of waffe Grounds or Commons in Ellell, in the County of was read

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Mr.

ton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Lionel Pi Iking! on, Mr.

Mr. Harvey, Mr. More, Lord Barnard, Mr. Prozefe,

Sir John Cujl, Mr. Onflczv, Mr. Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Vernon, Lord Mr.

Mr. Gybbun, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Medlieot, Mr. McKenzie,

Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. 7‘a!hot, Mr. Proby Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Sir CordclFirebrace, Loid Doune, Mr. Lyfcr, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Alderman Sir

ling A Da/rymple, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Mr.

Stanley, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Tewj/xitd, Mr.

Mr. Gcifhry, Mr. Phil lip Jon, Mr. Mr. Sir

John Philipps, Mr. Edwin Jlemon, Mr. Lord

Panmure, Air. (ncutheed, Mr. Lifer, Sir John I Bode Cotton, Mr. / Valter, Mr. Ban!, vs, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Nugent, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Mr. Bedford, Mr. Ojbaldejlonxand all the Members who serve

for the Counties of Lane, fee, and Tod: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

5 Q,

Elkll

Inclosure.

4^6 4° Februarii. 175

Bo«e% Ordered, That Sir Thomas be added to the

Roads Committee, to whom the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Durham, assembled at their General Quarter Session of the Peace held at the City of Durham, in and for the said County, on Wednesday the 8th Day of in the Year of our

Lord 1755; and also of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the 2 tft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Bowes, in the County of Tbrk, to Bantard Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence through to New-

gate in BiftiQpAuckland, and from Newgate along Gibb Chair, to Gauvd/e/s Bridge, and from thence by Gill, otherwise Coundon Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham, being the common High Road from to the City of ham, and from divers Parts of the County of Durham and North Riding of Yorkshire, to several Collieries and Coal Mines within the County of is referred.

Ordered, That Sir Roger be added to the

Roads. Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, appointed by an Act of Parliament passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leiceficrto Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of for

putting the said Act in Execution, so far as the same relates to the repairing that Part of the Road in the fad Act mentioned, which leads from the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of and

from thence through the Parishes of Coton, and

Bedxcorth, in the County of Warwick, to Bishops Gate, in the City of Coventry, is referred.

Darlington Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering be added to the Road. Committee, to whom the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine oi Durham, af-lembled at their General Quarter Session of the Peace held at the City of Durham on Wednesday the Eighth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord 1755, and also of others, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Road leading from ' Darlington, in the County of Durham, to West Auckland,

and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned, is referred.

Wooliafion’s Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom

E!h:es. the ;ngro(rcCj Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the 27th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates of Sir Lawrence Woollaflon Baronet, an Infant, situated in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, to raise Money for Payment of his Sifters Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was re-committed. That the Committee had made fovetal other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 29. go. Leave out "Trustees therein named," and inlert " Richard Bingham, of Bingham's AJelcombe, " in the County of Dorset, Esquire, and John Cay, of " Grays Inn, in the County of Esquire

Pr. 2. L. 6. After " retarded," iulert " and the said 18

" Richard Ringliam, One of the* Trustees in the said Act, " is lately dead

L. 18. After " that," inlert "all and every " the Manners, Messuages, 1-ands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of the said Dame Sarah Rowlands " Woollaflon, deceased, wherein fne lv.id any Ellate in

" Fee-lhnple, or in Fee-tail, or for Life or Lives, at the " time of her Death, either in Law or Equity, and situate in the said Isle of Ely, and in the said Counties of " Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, and all " the Eftftte of the said Dame Sarah Rowlands " ton therein, or whereof any other Person or Persons was or were seised by virtue of the said Indentures of " the Ninth and Tenth Days of 1757, or in

" Trull for the said Da me Sarah Rowlands " Sir Isaac Lazvrence Woollafion, Sarah Woollaflon, and

" Ann W’ooiafton, or any of them, shall, from and after the 2d Day of February in the Year of our Lotd 1756,

" be veiled in, and settled upon, and the same are from " thenceforth settled upon, and veiled in, Taylor White,

" of Lincoln sInn, Esquire, and John Cay, Gray's Inn,

" Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, to the only Ule of " them the said Taylor White and John Cay, their Heirs " and Assigns; upon the Trull nevertheless, and to and " for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes, in the said recited " Act, and herein after contained: And it is hereby Enacted and Declared, That

Pr. 3. L. ty. After " Whereas," insert "the said:"

L. 20. After "Bingham, leave out " Esquire," and after " Cay,"leave out " Equire

L. 22. Leave out the First " or," and insert " and the said Taylor White and John Cay:"

L. 33 After " they," insert " the said Taylor " White and John Cay:"

L. 40. Leave out " First," and insert " Se-

" cond

Pr. 4. L. 1. Leave out " January," and insert u Febinary:"

L. 5. Leave out " Richard Bingham," and insert " Taylor White :"

Pr. 4. L. 8. Leave out " Richard Bingham," and insert " Taylor White:"

L. 15. Leave out " Richard and

insert " Taylor White:"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Chariton, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Medlycolt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Salujl>ury, Mr. West, Mr. Mr.

Fouereau, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir John Crojje, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Clcvland, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Martin,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. M, Mr. More, Sir John Philipps, Sir John Cust, Mr. Pye, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Onslow, Lord Strange, Mr. Clayton, Colonel Mr. Walter, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Potter, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Nugent, Mr. GMr. Gibbons, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Sloper, Lord Parker, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hunt, the Marquis of Granby, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Dorset, , Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, and And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Aldworthreported from the Committee, to whom

the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor, Bai-liffb, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, was referred, That the Committee had examined

the

Poole

Gat®

Road.

Bcdfrd

Level

Corporation

Bond).

&9 Geo. II. 40 Felruar427

4hc Matter of the said Petition; and had dirfcfted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Hoiffe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followerh; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Several Parts of an Act made in the 27th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for discharging the Corporation of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Levels from a Debt due to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in the North Levels Part of the said Great Level, to raise Money to discharge the Proportion of the said North Level in the Debts of the said Corporation; and for ascertaining and appropriating the Taxes to be laid on the said North Level; and for the more effectual draining and preserving the said North Level, and divers Lands adjoining thereto, in the Manor of Crowland; was read; which, after taking notice that at a Court of the said Corporation, held the 10th Day cf March 1697, the said Corporation declared, that the said Great Level should be distinguished by the several Names of the North Level, Middle Level, and South Level\ and that at the time of making the said Act the said Corporation was indebted in the several Sums therein mentioned, amounting $n the Whole, to the Sum of £.49,153. 11 s. gd. amongst other things, enacts, that the Corporation should be discharged from the Sum of £.18,913, 11 s. $d. (Part of the aforesaid Debt) rhen owing to the Duke of Bedford and Earl of Lincoln; and that the Sum of £. 1,800 to be Taised, in manner directed by the said Act, from the taxable 'Lands in the North Level, should be applied in Discharge of the Proportion of the said North Level in the Befidue of the said Debt of £.49,1 S3 11 s 9^.; and that the said North Level should, after payment of the said Sum of £.2,800 to the said Corporation, be difclrtrged from the Residue of the said Debt, and all Interest payable in respect thereof; and that the said North Level should not be subject to the Payment of any Debt or Sum of Money which should at any time thereafter be conirafted or borrowed by the said Corporation on account of the Middle or South Levels; and also that the said Middle and South Levels should not be liable to the Payment of any Debt or Sum of Money to be contracted or borrowed by the said Corporation on account of the said North Level.

By an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the said Corporation, from the 15th of April 1754 to the 25th of April 1755, produced to your Committee, and properly vouched and authenticated, it appeared, that the said Sum of £. 1,800 had been raised by the Sale of Taxes in the North Level, pumant to the Directions of the said Act; and by Eighteen Bonds for £.100 each, paid off by the said Corporation, and produced likewise to your Committee, it appeared, that the said Sum of £. i,8go had been applied in discharging so much of the remaining Debt.

And it appearing by the said in Part recited Act, that the Reiidueof the said Debt of£.49,153. nr. 9d. (till remaining due, is become a Charge upon the said Middle and South Levels only, the Agent for the Petitioners ob-served, that as the Money so due is secured by Bonds under the Seal of the said Corporation, entered into before the making of the said Act, it is necessary to exchange the said Bonds, and to mention in the new Bonds, to be given in lieu thereof, that the Money secured thereby is due from the said Middle and South Levels only; and it also appearing by the said Act, that the said North Level is not to be chargeable with the Payment of any Money to be hereafter borrowed upon account of the said Middle and South Levels; and that the said Middle and South Levels are not to be chargeable with the Payment of any Money to be hereafter borrowed upon account of the said North Level, the Agent for the Petitioners further observed, that it is become necessary to distinguish in all Bonds, to be entered into for the tuturc by the said Corporation, whether the Money so borrowed be upon ac-

Vol. 27.

count of the said Middle and South Levels, of hpon account of the said North Levels

It further appeared to your Committee, bran*Act made in the 15th Year of King Charles the Second, 'for settling the draining of the Great Level of the Fees catted Bedford Level, and aish by an Act made in the coth Year of the said King’s Feign, for the taxing and nfffmng of the Lands of the Adventurers within the said Great £evel, that the said Corporation are impowered to lay Taxes upon the 95,006 Acres of Adventure Land within the said Great Level, for the Support and Preservation thereof; but neither of the said Acts extends to oblige the said Corporation to lay any suchTaxes; whereupon the Agent for the Petitioners observed, that the Securities which the Creditors oi the said Corporation now have for 1 heir reflective Debts are rendered precarious the said Ccrpoiation having it in their Power, under the said last-mcaliened Acts, either to charge the taxable Lands within the Middle and South Levels with very small Taxes, or not to tax them at all; and that therctore it is necessary Provision shorjd be made for establishing a certain and lufiicient Fund for Payment of the said Debts, and for fecunng such further Sums as the Corporation may have Occasion to borrow for the Preservation of the said Middle and South Levels.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners observed to your Committee, that it might be necessary to shew that it has been and may be found requifrte to borrow further Sums of Money for the Support and Preservation of the said Th rev: Levels; and, for that Purpose,

Several Books, containing the Accounts of the Bedford Level for the Years 1746, 1747, 1748, and 5749, were produced, by which it appears, that the Corporation have taken up several large Sums of Money in each of those Years, upon account of extraordinary Repairs, which have been found absolutely necessary, and which were occasioned by the breaking down of Banks in several Places: Then,

Mr. Benjamin Pujolis and Robert Anflen Esquire, being severally examined, said. That they arc well acquainted with the Bedford Level, and have known Accidents happen frequently by the breaking down of Banks, whereby the Country has been overflowed, and that such Breaches muff occasion great Expences: That the North Level is as much or more liable to Accidents as the South and Middle Levels, and they particularly mentioned, that the Banks of Mortem'sLeant: are frequently walked down, which have occasioned great extraordinary Expences.

Mr. Mantling, Deputy Regitrer to the Corporation, said, That he, having inspeifted the Books of the Corporation, apprehend', that the Revenues are not sufficient to answer any extraordinary Expences which have happened, or which may happen, for the future, without some further Provision is made to enable them to borrow such further Sums as may be necessary for extraordinary Expences: And also laid, That he has heard it objected by everal of the Creditors, that the funds for securing the Debts of the Corporation are not sufficiently ascertained.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a Fund for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Leve Fens called Bedford Level, and for exchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level;and for enabling the said Corporation to borrow further Sums for the Use of the said Great Level: And that Mr. Aldworth, Mr. John Hervey, and the Lord Fane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Royston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of divers Fen Lands and low Groundslying in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called the South Level, between

River on the South, and the River on the North, bounded on the West by the River and on the East by the Uplands of Norwold, Mct Feltivell, HcckzvoU,

and Wilton, in the County of Norfolk, and also in that Part

Peri ford Level Corporation Bo :iC&,

Bed Ford Level Drainage

t

428 4* Februari 17 5

of the said Level, which is North of the River Wifey; and also the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level

of the Fens, commonly called Bedford level; and also the Petition of the Lords of several Manors, and of the Owners and Proprietors of certain low Fen Lands, called the Washes, therein after particularly mentioned and described, whole Names are thereunto set, lying and being within the several Parishes of Bluntisham with , in the County of Huntingdon, and Sutton, , Ely, Witch-

ford, Wentworth, Coveney, and Downham, in the Jfe of Ely, and County of Cambriwere severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followed; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds lying in the South Level Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River on the South and the River on the North, and bounded by the River Ouze on the West, and by the Uplands of Norwold, Methwold, -

wold, and Wilton, in the County of Norfolk, on the East; and also in that Part of the said Level, which is North of the said River and for impowering the

Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands: And that the Lord Royston, the Marquis of Granby, and the Lord Carysfort, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for embanking and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds, called the Washes, lying and being in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, Witcham, Ely,

Wentworth, Coveney, and Downham, in the Jfe of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and of Bluntisham with in the County of Huntingdon: And that the Lord Rorston, the Marquis of Granby, and the Lord Carysfort, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Plymouth Mr. Clevland reported from the Committee, to whom Raadi. the Petition of the several Gentlemen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in or near several Roads thereafter mentioned, in the County of Devon-, and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing near, and usually travelling, the Road from Saltash Pajf-age, over the Common in the Parish of St. Budeaux, to his Majesty’s Dock-yard in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, and to the Town of Plymouth-, were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and hqd directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

A Member present informed the Committee, That the Roads from a Place called Dock Pound, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the County of Devon, near his Majesty’s Dock-yard at Ply, through the; Town of Plymouth, and through the Borough of Plympton Earl, and Village or Hamlet of Ridgway, in the Parish of Plympton St. Mary, to Brent Bridge, in the Parish of Brent, in the said County; and from a Place called Butts, in the Parish of Plympton St. Mary, through the Village of Colnbrooke, to a Pi ace called Harry Gate, in the same County; and from a Passage called Crimb/e in the Tything of East Stonehouse, through the Town and Borough of Plymouth aforesaid; and from a Place called Oreston Passage, in the Parish of Charles, through the

*7

Town of Plymouth, to a Place called the Common, in the Parish of St. Budeaux, lying in the Road from mouth to Saltash, are in a ruinous Condition, very narrow in many Places, and tome Parts are subjeift to be overflowed; and the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws now in being.

And, to prove the Allegations of the lccond-mentioned Petition,

Another Member present informed the Committee,

That the Road from a Place called the Common, in the Parish of Budeaux, to the Passage leading to Saltafi, is in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Dock through Plymouth, Plympton Earl, and Ridway, to Brent Bridge; and from a Place called Butts, through Colnbrook, to Harry Cross Gate; and from Crimble through

Plymouth, and from Orcfton Passage, through Plymouth, to a Place called the Common, in the Parish of Budeaux, in the County of Devon, and to the Pass.ige leading to Sal-tash, in the County of Cornwall:And that Mr. Clevland,

Vice Admiial Bofcaiven, and Mr. Edgcumbe, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Mr. Secretary Fox presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Bedford to Go- Rvft-tmio* vernor Trelawney, Whitehall, yth May 1748; inclosing

Copy of a Proclamation, 5th May 1748: And also,

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Bedford to Governor Trelawney, Whitehall, 28th June 1748; inclosing Translation of the Third Article of a Treaty between . England and France, concluded at Paris the ,x August 1712: And also,

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Bedfordx.es Governor Trelawney, Whitehall, 9th August 1748; inclosing

Copy of the Lords Justices Proclamation, 4th Aitgnfl 1748: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Governor Trelawney to the Duke of Bedford, Jamaica, November 16th, 1748.

And the Titles of the Papers, containing the said Copies and Translation, were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Paper, containing a Petition, which had been presented to his Majesty, intituled, " The humble Petition of James Tierney, of London, Merchant, Agent for, and on behalf of, Don " Libitto Bernardo Vanderbrouk, and others, Merchants,

" residing at Cadiz, and Subjects of his Catholic Majesty " the King of Spain, Owners of the Money and Effects " heretofore taken on board the Spanifi Polacra Maria ySt. Felix, by a Squadron of your Majesty’s Ship’s

" under the Command of Admiral Knowles," is referred.

The laid Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

APetition of his Grace thcDuke of Bedford, and others, p.)d,li<on Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the County of ,was

presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Application which has been made to the House, for making a new Road from Paddington to in the said

County, particularly a Part thereof from Tottenham Court to Battle Bridge; and alleging, that there is a very good Road from Tottenham Court to Battle Bridge aforesaid, already made, at a great Expence, under the Directions of an Act of Parliament, which will very well answer the Purposes of t he laid Application, so far as that Road extends, and prevent the great and unnecessary Expence of purchasing rich Meadow and Pasture Lauds, and 01 making a new Road across these Lands f;o:n Tottenham Court to Battle Bridge, and which, if done, will be a maniieft Prejudice to the Petitioners, and others: And therefore praying.

2o GeO.IL 4° — 5° Feb 429

ing, That no new Road may be made across the said Meadow and Pa (lure Lands from Court to

Battle Bridge, but the old Road continued, as it now is, from Tottenham Court to the new Road proposed to be made from Battle Bridge to

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Kr.ifinioon Sir William Beauchamp presented to the House,

Parochial according to Order, a Bill to im power the Churchwardens, Rates. Overseers of the Poor, and Vellry, of the Parish of -ftngton, in the County of to make a Rate or

Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said Pari Hi: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Jating to the Cud Election, be at Liberty to withdraw their laid Petition.

Ordered, That the Orders, made for hearing the Mat -ters of the said Petitions at the Bar of this House, be discharged.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Wayi and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

L;ncn Ma- The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into nuMurei. Considerationthe Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland.

And the Ref dutions of the said Committee were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is proper, for the Encouragement of the and

Irish Linen Manufactures, that a Bounty be allowed upon the Export at ion of British and Irish coarle Linens from this Kingdom, of One Halfpenny for every Yard of such Linens as shall be under the Value of Five Pence per Yard, and of One Penny for every Yard of such Linens of the Value of Five Pence per Yard, and under the Value of Six

Pence per Yard; and of One Penny Halfpcny for every Yard of such Linem ul the Value of S;x Pence Yard, and not exceeding the Value of One Shilling and Six Pence per Yard.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Bounty be paid out of any Monies arising from any of the Duties and Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is proper, in order to enable the Linen Manufacturers of Great Britain and Ireland to work up their Manufactures with more Advantage, that the Duties, now payable upon the Importation of foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns, and Ipruce or MtfcYarns, be taken off.

The Two Fnft Ref lutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question le-Veraily put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being *put. That the said Resolution be re-committed j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Alderman ',

Mr. George Am

Mr. Ofjjatd, Mr. Bond.

55-

IOI.

So it pdlfed in die Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said tlefolulions: And that Mr. the Earl of Hills-

berough, Mr. Secretary Fox, tire Lord Strange, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Ellis, M r. Elliot, Mr. Fazakerley, and Mr. Bold, do prepare, and

bring m, the fame. '

Carmar-Ren Ordered, That Sir Thomas Stepney Baronet, be at Liberties ion. (y to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue

Election and Return for the Borough of Carmarthen.

Ordered,'That the Burgesses, Inhabitants of the Borough and Store Town oi Carmarthen, in the County of Carmarthen, whole Nantes are subscribed to a Petition p’ Cie.ited t o this House, on behalf of themselves, and the rest-of the Burge ties, Inhabitants of the said Borough, re-Vol. 27.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 5* die;

Anno 29* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756. Praters.

SI R John Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Joseph Holl, being examined, said, That he knows the several Roads leading from , in the County of

Hereford, to WelJhHallLane, and from Kington to Bril-

leys Mountain, and from Kington, through ,to

Eardifley, and from Kington, through to Wot*

ton, and through the Helmsto Almely, and from

Kington, through the Parishes of Lions Hall, , field, and Norton, to Eck/eys Green, and from Kington t hrough the Parish of Lions Hall, and Pembridge, to Jland, and from Kington, through Tilley and Slanjlntch, under the Side of Wapley Hill, to Staple , and from King-ton to Lions Hall, and Knoakes Bridge, and Milton House: That the same are in a ruinous Condition, and very dangerous for Travellers; and that the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law. And,

Mr. John Woodhouse, being examined, confirmed the aforesaid Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same County extends; and from Kington to Brilleys Mountain; and from Kington, through Boliingham, to Eardejley; and from Kington, through Spond, to Almelys Wotton, and through the Holmes Marsh

to Almely; and from Kington, through the Parishes of Lions Hall, Almely, Sarnsfield, and Norton, to Echleys Green; and from Kington, through the Parishes of Lions Hall and Pembridge, to Eardifand; and from Kington, through Tilley and Stanfbatch ,under the Side of Wapley Hill, to Staple Bar; and from Kington, through Lions Hall, to Knoakes Bridge, and from thence to Milton House, in the said County of Hereford: And that Sir John Morgan, Mr. Gorges, and Mr. Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain open and common Field, called Radway Field, within the Township of Radway, in the County of was

committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the 5 R Bill,

Kington; Road*.

Rad way Inclosure.

430 5 Februarii.A. 1756.

Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except -belli Tomkxns Widow, Daniel Tomkins, John Hunt, Simon

Hunt, Halford, Thomas Robert Hunt, and

William Tomkins, who are possessed of Four Yardlands One Quarter and Half a Quarter of a Yardland; and that the Persons, who consented to the BUI, are possessed of Thirty-two Y ardlands and Half a Quarter of a Yardland, and of the Tythes arising within the said Field; and that Notice had been given of the Bill to all Parties interested, and no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grotl'cd.

Berwick Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Writ* Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Bcrwick, in the room of the honourable

Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of Lord Clerk Regiller of Scotland,

Berwick Ordered, That John Wilkes Esquire, be at Liberty to

Ekdhon. withdraw his Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed.

Ordered, That the Ordeis, made upon Monday the 17th Day of November last, for hearing the Matter of the said Petition at the Bar of this House, be discharged.

Ludlow Mr. Edward Herbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Robert Par doe Esquire, and Benjamin Baugh Esquire, being severally examined, said, That they know the Roads described in the said Petition: That they are greatly frequented, and are so deep and ruinous, that Travellers cannot pass without great Danger; and that the Laws in being are inefficient effectually to repair the lame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market-house in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for amending, widening, and repairing, a certain Lane called St. Marys Lane, leading from Carve Bridge, in the said Town of into the

Road leading from the said Market-house towards Henley; and also the Road leading from the said Market-house towards Henley; and also the Road leading from the said Market-house to a Gate upon the Road leading out of Bromfields Wood, to Mcchire Brakes, called the LotfeGate.

Siirewtbury Mr. More reported from the Committee, to whom the

Streets. Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants of the said Town; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Shrewsbury, in Common Council assembled, under their Common Seal-, were severally referred, That the Committee had examined

the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations contained in the said Petitions,

John Quinehant Esquire, informed your Committee,

That he knows the Town of Shrewsbury: That it is large and populous, and considerable Business is carried on therein: That the Assizes, and many Fairs are yearly kept and held there: That many Coal Carriages pass and re-pass through the said Town: That many Gentry reside there in the Winter Season: That the Streets and Lanes are very numerous, and the Pavements very bad, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law:

That the Corporation of the said Town have hitherto annually expended £.$o per Annum, towards the Repair thereof; and are now willing to allow 45 for the same Purpose; but that will not be sufficient to put and keep the said Streets in proper Repair.

And he further added, that cleaning and enlightening the said Streets and Lanes, and keeping a well-regulated Watch within the said Town of Shrewsbury, would be of great Use and Importance, and tend to the Suppression of many Disorders therein, and to the Preservation of the Pe rfons and Properties of the Inhabitants thereof, and of all others resorting thereto.

Mr. John Roberts being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving and amending, cleansing, enlightening, and watching, the Streets, Highways, Lanes, and Passages, within the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop:

And that Mr. More and Mr. Hill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable William Wigget Esquire, now called Wil- Nime. Ham Bulwer, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname

and Arms of Bulwer, pursuant to the Will of William Bulwer Esquire, deceal'ed, was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Lyfler reported from the Committee, to whom shrewlbury the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and to others, residing in or near the Towns of Shrewsbury,- ^rf, on. Whitchurch, Drayton, and HighErcal, in the County of Salop, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr.. Richard Blakeway being examined, said, That he knows the Roads from Shrewsbury, through Battlefield Lane, Hadnall, and Atlon Reynold, to Prefion Brockhur/f, in the County of Salop, and from Shrewsbury to Shaw-bur y, and from Shrewsbury, through Roden and High Ercal, to Shrey Hillj and that the said Roads are, in divert Places, deep and ruinous, and in many Places, so narrow and incommodious, that Coaches and other Carriages cannot pass without great Danger; and that the same cannot be effectually widened and repaired, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Battlefield Latte, Hadnall, Adhn Reynold, to Prefion Brockhurfi, in the County of Salop, being the great lioad from Shrewsbury to Whitchurch, in

the

Shrewsbury

to

Church

Sireiton

Koadf

Eirl of Lincolo’i Estate*.

Leicester,

&c.

Hoaxh.

Februarii.

43*

to discharge the IntereR: of any Monies already, or which may hereafter be, borrowed on the Credit of the said Gate, and to keep the said Road leading from Coventry to worth in good Repair, besides a considerable Sum which will be annually levied on the Inhabitants of the said City:

And therefore praying, That, if any additional Toll be . necessary, such Toll may be levied at any other Gate, erected on the Road aforesaid, except on the Road from Bed-worth to Coventry, and on such Coals only, as shall be brought in Waggons; or that the House will give the Petitioners such Relief as shall seem most meet; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, agaii.lt the said Bill.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Lelcefttr, J,c. City of Coventry, wasalfo presented to the House, and read; Rort*. reciting Part of the Petition mentioned in the Petition hft presented; and alleging, That the repairing of the Roads; mentioned in the said Petition, in an effectual Manner* will be a great Advantage to all the Inhabitants of the said City: And therefore praying, That the House will impower the Commissioners to take such further Tolls as shall be necessary to complete and keep in Repair the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall teem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be re* ferred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Leitef to Nor borough,

and from Leiceder to Coventry, and from thenefe through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from thence -to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Gutter,

leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from to

Ashhy de la Zouch, in the County of for

putting the said Act in Execution, so far as the same relates to the repairing that Part of the Road in the said Act mentioned, which leads from the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leiceft, to the Town of JNmeaton, and from thence through the Parishes of Chilvers Coton and Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to Bishops Gate, in the City of Coventry; is referred; And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

sp Geo. II.

the said County; and From S aforesaid to Shaw-bury, being the great Road from Shrewsbury to,

in the said County; and from the said Town of Shrewsbury, through Roden and High Ercal, to Shrey being the great Road from S to in the

laid County of Salop-: And that Mr. Lyster and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. More reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy,- Freeholders, and others, residing in or near the Towns of and

Church Stretton, in the County of Salop, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 5 viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

John Ashby Esquire, being examined, laid, That he knows the Roads described in the said Petition: That they are very ruinous, and, in several Places, too narrow; and that the Laws in being are insufficient effectually to repair and widen the fame.

Francis Blyth Esquire, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Impairing and widening the Roads leading from Colekam Bridge, in the Town of Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in the Town of Church Stretton, and out of the said Road at or near the Smith’s Shop on Baflon Hill, to the Top of LythtvoodHill-, and from a Place near Pulley Common, on the same Road, to the Maypole in; and from

Colekam Bridge aforesaid, through Wellbach, to Longdon, in the County of Salop: And that Mr. More and Mr. Hill do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from tire Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and

Mr. Mountain::

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Lands in Bedford Level, the Estate of the Right honourable Henry Earl ot Lincoln, Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, and Katherine Counted of Lincoln, his Wife; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments of as great or greater Value, and settling the said Lands, so to be purchased, to the same Uses as the said Lands to be sold are now settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Coventry, and of the principal Inhabitants of the same City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants within the same City, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of the Petition, which has been presented to the House from the Trustees appointed by an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon, and from Coventry to Gutter, leading to-

wards Stoneleigh Tow'n; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; for Leave to bring in a Bill to grant other Tolls and further Powers for making the said Act more effectual: and alleging, that the laying of a Toll upon Coal Waggons and Coal Horses passing through the Gate erected on the aforesaid Road, will be a Means of greatly enhancing the Price of Coals brought to the said City, and be very prejudicial to the Inhabitants and Trade thereof; and that the Deficiency of the present Toll might be supplied in some other Way, not lo prejudicial to the said City; and that the Petitioners are informed, that, at the Gate which is erected on the Road leading from Coventry to Bedworth, there is a sufficient Sum taken Vox.. 27.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Chariton unto subscribed, usually travelling the Road from Houthom

ton Houthom Church, in the County of Somerset, to Mil- Church bourn Port, in the said County, was presented to the Road* House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts; and through Wincanton to Charlton Houthom, and from Wil-

loughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane in Kilmington; and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill; and also from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset; and lotting forth, that the Road leading from Charlton Houthom Church aforesaid to the Cross in Milbourn Port is, in many Parts thereof, very ruinous and harrow, and cannot be effectually amended and widened by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That a Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing and widening- the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall teertx meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they doexaminethe Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Prowse, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Eger ton, Mr. Grey, Mr. Lyftbr, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Walter,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Qhetwynd, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Gore,

Mr

432- c0 FebruarA. 175

Mr. Trift, Colonel Honey Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Mr. Hunter, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Nugent, Sir Walter Blackett, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lyster, Mr. More, Mr. Onslow, Mr. handys, Mr. Lamb-ton, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Morton, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Strange, Mr. Gybbon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts,

Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Jtye Wty Sir John Morgan reported from the Committee, to Road* whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto fubl'cribed; and all'o the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, the Freeholders and principal Inhabitants of the Parishes of Or It on and Richard Castle, in the County of Hertford; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of thfc first-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Evan Meredith, being examined, said, That he knows the Roads from the Rye Way, in the County of Hereford, to Milton House, and all the other Roads deferred in the said Petition: That they are in very bad Repair, and, in many Places, too narrow: and that the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being is in-iutheient effectually to repair and widen the fame.

Mr. # Woodhouse confirmed the above Evidence.

To prove the Allegations of the Second Petition,

Mr. # Brown, being examined, said, That he knows the Roads described in the said Petition; and that they are, in divers Places, very bad and ruinous, especially in the Winter Season: That Travellers and Carriages cannot pals without great Danger; and that the said Roads cannot be repaired by the ordinary Courseappoinied by the Laws in being.:

To prove the Allegations of (he Third Petition,

Mr. Evan Meredith, being examined, said, That he knows the Roads from Presteigne to , and the

other Roads described in the said Petition: That they are very narrow, and in a ruinous Condition; and that Travellers and Carriages cannot pass without great Danger;

and that the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in

being is insufficient effectually to repair and widen the fame. ... .:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the Rye Way, in the Parish of Tarpoole, in the County of Hereford, to Presteigne, in the County of Radnor, and from thence to; and from v

fteigne, through Nafk, to the Top of Trap Hill, and to

Wooferton, in the County of Hereford aforesaid: And that Sir John Morgan and Mr. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.-:

Wool la ft on’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

filiates. for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 27 th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain EstatesofSir Isaac Lawrence Woollaston 'Baronet, an Infant, situated in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, to raise Money for Payment of his Sillers Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass. '

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the I/Oru's, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed

to the fame, with some Amendments: To which A mend* ments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord Ih ips.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Richard Wt(lminl« Hughes, which was presented to the House upon Saturday Fish Market, the 17th Day of Januarylall, and then ordered to lie

upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House

And it is referred to Colonel Haldane, Mr. Rebow,

Lord Barnard, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bond, Sir John Crcfj'e,

Mr. Hill, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Gore, Lord Hobart, Mr. Laf-

celles, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sir

Francis Poole, the Recorder of London, Sir William Lowther. Lord Downe, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

John Calvert, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Mr. Ga/hry,

Mr. Nugent, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Edg-cumbe, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Colebrooke, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mr.

John Yorke, Mr. More,*Sir John Turner, Mr. Moore,

M r. Han if on, Mr. Northey, Mr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cooke, Sir Morgan,

Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fazakerley,

Mr. Trift;and, all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further A?rW’* Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, com- £‘utiu"* plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petitions be further adjourned till T Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to pamfgate resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Harbour, consider of the Report, Plans, and other Papers, which \Vere presented to the House upon Tuesday the 20th Day of January lall, relating to the Harbour of Ramsgate;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report, Plans,'and other Papers.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the , whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his ,1,'^;*,'"^ Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore. Form.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clevland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cleveland reported from the Committee, That they Jiadgone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Colonel Haldane have Leave to make a Motion; it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Re- pamc,3te port and Estimate, which were presented to the House Harbour, upon Tuesday the 20th Day of January lad, relating to the Harbour of Ramsgate, be printed, as will be sufficient ' for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr.

Mount ague:

Mr. Speaker,.-

The Lords have palifed a Bill, intituled, An Act to; Glover'*

cii Halve Div0r«.

c-

f:

29 Geo. II.

c

g° Februarii.

433

Glover’*

Divorce.

Peter-

borough,

Ac.

Road.

dissolve the Marriage of Richard Glover with Hannah Nunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again > and for other Purposes therein mentioned :To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Martin have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Lambe have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants,

of the City of Peterborough, and of the Towns of Dogs-

thorpe, Walton, and Alar holme, in the County of Northampton.

And the said Petition was read; taking Notice of the Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham, Bill depending in the House, for repairing and widening being the common high Road from to the

the Road leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to City of and from divers Parts of the County of

the said City of Peterborough , and alleging. That if the , and North Riding of to several Col-

said Bill shoukl pals into a Law, as it now stands, a high lierics and Coal Alines within the County of Durham; was lload from Stamford to the said City, lying in the Prc- referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter cin&s of Dogsthorpeand Waltonaforesaid, leading from of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the

a Lane called MarholmeLam? toa Place where aTurnpike fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read near Styles Close, is proposed, by the said Bill, to be set the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at

Lttftce, 9* die Februarii;

Anno 29* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1756. Prayers.

THE Lord Barnard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of his Majesty’s- Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Durham, assembled at their General Quarter Session of the Peace held at the City of Durham, in and for the said County, on

day the Eighth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord 1755; and also of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the eift Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high Road leading from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard in the County of Durham, and from thence, through to

Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along

Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence by Melderfion Gill, otherwise Coundon Gill, to the Turnpike

up, and from thence to Peterborough, which is now in a ruinous Condition, and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually repaired, will thereafter grow much worse, and, in the Winter Seasons (no Provision being

made in the said Bill for repairing the said last mentioned present Majesty, was read.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth -, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of his

Road), will be rendered utrerly impiffable; and that if a Road leading from the East End of May holme Lane afore-l’aid, by a certain Place called :he Lawn, to the said Town of Walton, which is likewise in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law, was put into good Repair, it would then not only remove the Hardships the Petitioners apprehend, but would much increase the Tolls to be taken at the said proposed Turnpike

And Mr. William Hutchinson, Treasurer to the said f Trustees, produced, and proved to your Committee, an Account of the Money owing upon the Credit of the said f Act, amounting to £. 3,607, at £. 5 per Cent, per Annum:

And he also produced, and proved, an Account of the annual Income of the Tolls which have been collected upon the said Road j by which Account it appears, that£.364.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof ;and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew Lambe, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Worthy, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. F.arle, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. FaMr. , Mr. Holmes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Felloioes; and all the Members

Bowet,

Ac.

Road.

at Styles Close: And therefore praying. That Provision i7r.9^. is the greatest annual Sum that has. ever been may be made in the said Bill for amending and keeping collected upon the said Road by virtue of the said Act. in Repair the said Road from Marho/me Lane to the said And he said, That the Money whirh had been borrow-Town of Walton, out of the Tolls to be taken at the Turn- ed, and also the Tolls collected upon the said Road, had

pike at Styles Close, or out of the Money to be raised upon been duly applied, agreeable to the Intention of the said the Credit thereof, or to give such other Relicfto the Peti- Act, and with the greatest Frugality: And he added, that tioners in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet. unless the said Act be further continued, and Carriages

laden with Coal and Lime made liable to the Payment of Toll, it will not be possible sufficiently to repair the said' Roads, and discharge the Debt now owing on the Credit of the said Act; and that, at present, the Creditors do not think their Security good, and threaten to seize the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to1 bring in Bill for enlarging the Term and PoWers-granted by an Act, passed

Who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Huntingdon, North- in the lift Year of the Reign of hii present Majesty, for a;npton,&nd Nottingham: And they are to meet this Af- repairing the high Road from the Town of in the.

ter-noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham- County of York, to Barnard , in the County of Dur-ber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and ham, and from thence, through Staindrop, td

Records. Bishop , and from Newgate, along Chair%

to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence, by Melderfion Gill, Mr. Digby presented to the House, according to Order, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the a Bill to prevent his Majesty’s Subjects from serving as County of Durham; and for rrlaking the same lftore ef-nottofrrve Officers or Soldiers under any foreign Prince or States, feftual: And that the Lord Barnard and Mr. Wilkhjhi

foreign States, without his Majesty’s Licence; And the same was re* do prepare, arid bring in, the fame/..... 1

ceived.

V British SuKj^s

|c-

V

Ordered, That Mr. Digby have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the IToufe accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

' Refohcd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the IToufe adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Yot. 27,

Ordered, that the LordDupplin and the Lord Advocate of Scotland be added to the Gentlemen,' who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Re-tolutions reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland , and which Resolutions were, upon Wednesday\&Ft, agreed to by the House.

,5 S An

Linen

Mantifac

tures.

434

9° Februa

A. 1756.

°,f, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate? for the Sale of several Lands in Bedford the Estate of the right honourable Earlof Knight of

the most noble Order of the Garter, and Coun-

tess of Lincoln, his Wife, and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments ofas great or greater Value, and settling the said Lands, so to be purchased, to the same Uses as the ft id Lands to be sold are now settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

M«ry-t«-Bon» Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Streets, *c. gjj for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleanltng, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of St. Mary {c Bone, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Dunlbv,

tec.'

Roads.

Notice being taken, that some further Examination would be necessary with regard to the Matter of the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of , and of the Gentle-, men. Clergy, and others, of the North Eastern Parts of the County of Lincoln, and of the Inhabitants of the said City, and of the Towns of , and

in the said County of and of the Lords of Manors, and Proprietors of Estates, adjoining to the Road leading to and from the North End of Dunjby Lane, in the said County of Lincoln, over, Lincoln Heath, to and through the said City of Lincoln, the Bail and Close of Lincoln, and to Rifeholm Hedge Corner, and Carr holm Gate, within the said City; and from Carrholm Gate, in the said City of Lincoln, crols Carrholm, Burton Fen, Haddo Fen, the Banks of the River Fofs, over Saxleby Bridge, Saxleby Moor, Thorney, Kettlethorp Moor, through Fenton, York/ey, Bramton Field, and Martin, to Littleburgh Ferry, and from the South East Corner of Kettlethorpe Moor, called Drinfey Nook, through Wheat holm Lane, Newton Common, Newton Town, and to Dunham

Ferry, whole Names are thereunto subscribed;

And the Order made upon Saturday the 24th Day of January Jail, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for . " repairing and widening the Roads from the North End u or Dunfby Lane, in the County of Lincoln, over Lincoln Heath, to and through the City of Lincoln, the " Bail and Close of Lincoln, to the Shuth West Corner " of Rifeholm Hedge; and from Carrholm Gate, in the said City of Lincoln, ever Saxlehy Bridge, to Drinfey " Nooke, and from thence to Dunham and Littleburgh Ferriesbeing read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon Saturday the 24th Day of January last, was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

£rrt<f A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, Raids, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, was read a Second time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard

30

Warwick Bampfyldc, Mr. Hanger, Nix. Mr. Gore, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Drake, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Sir

Matthew Lambe, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Alderman Dick -iitfoit, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. FMr. Smith, Mr. Lvckycr, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. More, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Martin, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lee, Lord Strange, Mr. Aid-worth, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Tri/l, Mr. Mbn-

tagit. Sir Francis Poole, M-. Hill, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Vernon, Sir Edmund IJbam, Mr. Thufjby, Mr. ton, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mr.

and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of So-merfet, Wilts, Dorset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the ('lock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed toast as Trustees by the Inhabitants of the llland of Portland, for building a Church there, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as felloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Minutes of the Vestry held by the Inhabitants of the IUand of Portland, on the 8th Day of November 1753, were produced and read; whereby it appeared, that certain Persons therein named were appointed by, and on the behalf of, the Inhabitants of the said We, to be Trustees to make Contrafts for building a new Church in the said llland, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

A Commission from the Bishop of to the said Trustees was read, whereby the Power of pulling down the old Church, and using the Materials for building a new one, is granted to the said Trustees.

Mr. Thomas Gilbert, being examined, said, That the Foundation of the new Church is laid, and the Walls carried at;out Ten Foot high; but that Money sufficient cannot be raised for finishing and completing the said Church:

That a Piece of Ground hath been laid out for a Cemetery, which cannot be inclosed without a Power to raise Money to defray the Charge of the same:

That the old Church isiriTo ruinous a Condition, that it is not fit for the Inhabitants to assemble in, and Part of the Rooffellin some time since; and that the Inhabitants in general are willing and desirous that a new Church shall be built.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for completing and finishing a new Church, and laying out and inclosing a Cemetery thereto, in the Wand of Portland: And that Mr. Ellis, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Doding-t ton, and the Lord John Cavendish, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechurch and Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Minesin the said Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

Sir John Cust, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Olmius, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Fonnereau, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Webb, Mr. Philipps, Mr.

Banks, Colonel Douglas, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Cocks, Colonel Campbell, Mr. More, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Stuart, Sir John Turner, Colonel Whitmore, Lord Carysfort, Sir Robert , Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Bodville, Lord Adam Gordon, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Sir Monro,

Mr.

Portland

IUand

Church.

Mead

Brook

Road.

’’.Sir

r

3

u

Mr.

> Si;

Mr.

U

’i,:.

u.

t

1

29 Geo. II. 9" Fe 435

Mr. Grove, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. P/vVe, Sir John Phi/ippty

Sir Richard Warwick BampfylJe, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Admiral , Mr. Wilkinson,

Colonel Mor daunt, Mr. Mr. John Colonel Stanwix, Mr. FairfaMr. Salusbury, Mr. Rarbor.

Colonel Cornwallis, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord , Sir Edward Turner,

Lord Bateman, Mr. Kecks Mr. Hill, Sir Ludoivick Grant, Mr. Lefie, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Mr. Brook -

refer. General Holmes, Mr. Kyncfon, Mr.

Mr. ffralpole; and all the Members whoserve for the Coun-

ties of Gloucester, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Blackfriare A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of Bridge, the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, of the River Thames, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That if a Bridge is built cross the River Thames, from Black Fryars, in the City of London, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surety, the Navigation of the said River will be greatly obstructed, and rendered very inconvenient, and inlome Cafes dangerous, and will highly prejudice the Members of the said Company, by totally destroying the several Sunday Ferries between Westminster Bridge and London Brwhich were

established by an Act made in the 1 ithand 12th Years of the Reign of King William the Third; and the Profits thereof were, by the same Act, appropriated to the Relief of the poor, aged, and decayedWatermen, and Lightermen, and their Widows and Children, who, for want of such Relief, mud become burthensome to their respective Parishes; and that many Hundreds of Watermen, who are able and willing to work, will be also deprived of their daily Support, by conveying Passengers and Goods upon the said River, and may be reduced by Necessity to seek their Bread in foreign Parts; and a veryconsiderable Nursery for Seamen will be greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying the House to take this same into their Consideration, and to do therein as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, is referred; And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Peterborough, Sir MatthewLambe reported from the Committee, to

Kiwi whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the City of Peterborough, and of the Towns of Dogsthorpe, Walton, and Marholme, in the County of Northampton, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Ilouie; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Bowker, being examined, said. That he knows the Road from Marliolme Lane to Walton, and also the Road from Marholme Lane to Styles's Cloje, and that the same are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be sufficiently amended by the ordinary Course of Law; and that if the Road from Marholme Lane to IVniton aforesaid (which is shorter than the other Road) was to be put into good Repair, it would be of great Advantage to the Public.

Mr. Robert Aujten, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, andbring in, a Bill for repairing and widening the Hoads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of; and from the

East End of Mar ham Lane to the Town of Walton, in 'the County of Northampton-, and from the Town of Bourne to the Town of Colfierworth; and from Donington High Yot. 27.

Bridge to the Cross Poll in the Parish of Hitcmby; and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarringtcn, in the County of Lincoln; That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from the East End of Marholme Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Lambe be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of the Trustees of the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, subdivided and appointed for the separate Care and Service of the Road called the Tog-hill Road, and of the several Lenders of Money on the Credit of the Turnpike Tolls of the said Road, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and the several other subdivided Trustees of the said Road, and Lenders of Money on the Credit of the said Tolls, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Petition which has been presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road leading from Meadbrooke, through and to the several Places mentioned In the Petition; and alleging, that if such Bill be passed into a Law, the Tolls on the Toghill Road will be greatly lessened, and the Securities for Money lent on the Credit of the several Acts for amending the Road leading from the City of Bristol will be greatly affected: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners maybe heard by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Trustees of the Road leading from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester, commonly called the Marflfteld Road, and of the Lenders of

Money on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of the several other Trustees of the said Road, and Lenders of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereof, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the Bill, depending in the House, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Meadbrook, which divides the Pari files of PucklecJmrcand 1,in

the County of Gloucester, to Christian and

also from Pucklechurchaforesaid to certain Coal Mines in

the said Parish of Pucklechurch, is puffed into a Law, the Tolls on the Marftifield Road will be much lessened, and

thereby the Security for the Money lent on the Credit of the Act of the 25th of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and from Chippenham Bridge aforesaid to the Top of Old Sod Hill, in the said Coun-

ty of Gloucester, will be greatly affected: And therefore piaying, That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the Came be passed into a Law, and that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Trustees of the Road leading from Chippenham Bridge, in the County, of Wilts, to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and

of the Lenders of Money on the Credit of the Tolls of the said Road, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the several other Trustees of the said Road, and Lenders of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereof, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will greatly affect the Tolls on the said Road, and be very detrimental to the Security of the Persons w ho have advanced Money on the Credit of the said Act of the a ;ch of his present Majesty: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And

Mead

Brook

Road.

Ditto.

Ditto.

9° Februarii, 175

Radwajr

Indofuie.

Brewton

Roads.

Dr. Terrick thanked.

Derby

Gaol.

Wenlock,

Ratfi.'

And the said Petitions were fevprally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said several Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said several Petitions.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain open and common Field called Radway Field, within the Township of Radway, in the County of ,was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain open and common Field called Radway Field, within the Township of Radway, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Brewton, through the Parishes of Bat-

comb, Lax ton, and Marston, to the Town of; and

from Brewton aforesaid to the Turnpike near Milton Bridge; and from the said Town of Brewton to the First Direction Post on the Wincanlc Road, and from Red-lytich Park to Hardway; and also from the said Town of Brewton to the Sherborne Turnpike Road near;

and from the Cross Ways.near Hill to the said

Turnpike Road, and from a Place called Whitmore Corner to the said Turnpike Road; and from Whitmore Corner aforesaid to Brewton Gate, leading into Redlynck Park aforesaid, in the county of ; was read a Second

time.

Resolved, <That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gybbcn, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Mr. More, Mr.

Lockyer, Sir Joint Philipps, Mr. . Mr. Foley, Sir

John Gust, Mr. Stanley, Mr. , Mr. Gore, Mr.

Rankes, Mr. Bagot, Mr. EgMr. Lowndes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sandys, Mr , Mr. Onslow, Mr. Locke, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Sloper, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Mottion, Sir Robert Burdett, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Lyster, Sir Charles Kemys Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Symonds, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Montagu, Mr. A my and, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Air. Godolphin, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Letvis, Mr. LafctUes, Mr. West, Sir Francis Poole; and all the Members who lcrve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Dorfst, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House [be given to the reverend Doctor Terrick, for the Sermori oy him preached upon Friday lad, before this House, at St. garet's, Westminster-, and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Sir John Philipps, Mr. Edward.Vernon, Colonel Cornwallis, and Sir John Crcffle, do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Venables Vernon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rebuilding the common Gaol for the County of Derby upon a Place called Nuns Green, in the Liberty of the Town of Derby, and for appointing a proper Place for the safe Custody of Prisoners till such new Gaol shall be completed; and to impower the Justices of the Peace for the said County to pay the Rent reserved to the Corporation for the said Ground, out of the County Rates: And the (iimewas received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Forrefler presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Much Wenlock, in the County of Salop: And

the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Edward Herbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. John Martin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of to Cofcomb Gate,

and from Ifabtls Elm to the Top of Gotherington Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and from Tewkesbury to a Farm House called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction Post in the Parish of Ripple, and to Simonds Ford Brook; and from Breedon to Eckington Bridge, in the County of Worcester: and from Tewkesbury to Wa inloads Bridge, and to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road from Tet-bury to Cirencester; and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from Burford to Clone f-ter, near a Tree called Puefdon , in the said County of Gloucester, was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Freeholders, of the Counties of and and

also the Petition of several Perl'ons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Parish of Deerhnrjl, in the County of referred

to the said Committee; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gene through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed them to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed. That some other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Gulston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better ascertaining, recovering, and col-Iefting, certain Duties.payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Town and County of Poole, and also of Ballad and Boomage Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharfs, and for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establishing and regulating a nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets in the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mt. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Joft David Efternod, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill inatrhe Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Wyndham Obrien presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill'for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 22d Year of his present. Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the'Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland: And the same Was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a- Second Time. *' ‘

; A, Bill

Ludlov

Roads.

Tewkesbury

Roads.

Poole

Harbour

Eflemod’t

Nat.

Ellenfoot

Harbour.

Kenfingtoii

farocniai

Rates.

Glover’*

Divorce.

Windmill

Hill

Road,

ao Geo. II. p° FebruatiL 437

A Bill to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Boor, and Vestry, of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates for the

Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleaning the Streets, within the said Panlh, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir champ ProSor, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Berkeley, Colonel Whit-

more, Mr. Charlton, Mr. MMr. , Mr.

Wilkinftn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Of. wald. Sir Charles AJ ordaunt, Mr. Fe/lowes, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Saltisbury, Mr' O Mr. Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mediycot, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Locke, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Lock-yer, Mr. HtfJ'ey, Mr. "Lift, Mr. Fazaker/ey, Lord Strange, Mr. Rowney, *vlr. Greatheed, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bold, Mr. Drax, Mr. Bond, Mr. Vyner, Sir William Meredith, Sir John CroJJe, Sir Conyers D'drey, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Peachy, Sir Walter Black-

ett, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Dodington, Lord Do-uone, Lord Malpas, Mr. Gajlny; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Southampton t And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Glover with Hannah Nunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

ReJ'olveJ, That the Bill be committed.

Refvlvcd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Month, the 9th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it bean Inltruclion to the said Committee, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill, and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, again!! the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Trustees for repairing Old Street Road, to repair, widen, and make, a Road, from the Sign of the Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through Worship Street, to the Ditch Side next the East Side of Holywell Mount, and through a certain Ground to the Sign of the London Apprentice, in the Parishes of St. , and St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of or to lay open,

repair, and widen, a Road from the said Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into the Old Street Road, in the said County; was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of S:r At will Lake, Baronet, Bibye Lake, Esquire, and John Witton, Gentleman (which was referred

to the said Committee), and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill, againlL the said Petition; and that no Person appeared before the Committee in behalf of the Petition of Thomas Urry, of Shea/, in the Isle of Wight, in the County of Southampton, Esquire, on behalf of himself, and John Taylor his Tenant (referred also to the said Committee); and that the Committee had examined the Alle-gations of the said Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the 1 louse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Vol. 27.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed*

1'he Lord Strangi reported, from the Committee; to Kibble whom the Petition of Sir Henry Baronet; Tho-

mas G/ifton Esquire, William Farrington Esquire, Ralph Asheton Esquire, Lawrence Rawftorae Esquire, and the Mayor, Bailiffs; and Burgesses, of the Borough of Present, in the County of Lancaster, being Owners and Propiie-tors of several ancient Fisherles in the ItivCr Babble, in the County of Lancaster i and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owness, and Inhabitants, in the County of Lancaster; were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho ford and Mr*

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by WooltalWi this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining Mate*, and amending an Act, made in the 27th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates of Sir Isaac Lawrence Wollqfton Baronet, an Infant, situated in the Isle of Ely and Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold or mortgaged, to raise Money for Payment of his Sifters Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, to whom the Paper, containing a Petition which had been presented to of a his Majesty, intituled, " The humble Petition of James " Tierney, of London, Merchant, Agent for and on be- n*e*

" half of Don Libino Bernardo Vanderbrouck, and others,

" Merchants residing at Cadiz, and Subjects of his Catholic Majesty the King of Spain, Owners of the Money and Effects heretofore taken on board the Spanish Polacra Anna Maria y St. Felix, by a Squadron of your Majesty’s Ships under the Command of Admiral " Knowles," was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

The Copy 01 the preliminary Articles between Great Britain, France, and Holland, ligned at Aix la referred to your Committee, were read, which appear to be dated the 30 th of April 1748, which was the 19th of April

1748,0 S. by the 16th Article whereof it appeared, that the Cessation of Hostilities between all the Parties at War was to take place by Land within Six Weeks, to be reckoned from the Day of signing of the said Articles; and that the Terms and Spaces of Time fixed in the Act of Suspension of Arms between England and France, ligned at Paris the 19th of August 171a, should be followed by Sea.

And it appeared by the Declaration ligned the 8th of July 1748, at Aix la Chapelle, by the Plenipotentiaries of his Britannic Majesty, his most Christian Majesty, and of the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, that the Cessation of the Hostilities was to take place as far as Cape St. Vincent, and beyond the said Cape to the Equinoctial Line, whether in the Ocean or Mediterranean, within Six Weeks from the Date of the said preliminary Articles, and consequently that Hostilities were to cease on the 31st of May 1748, O. S. or the nth of June,

N. S.

Then the Tratfflation of the Spanish Minister’s Accession to the said preliminary Articles was read, whereby it appeared, that his Catholic Majesty acceded to the said Pre-

5 T liminaries

43*

Februarii.

A. 17 56,

Rcflitution liminartes^n the 28th of June 1748, answering to the S an (h 17'h of jime 1748,0. S.: And also,

PciKi, The Translation of the Minister’s Accession to

the Etid Declaration was read. '

.ahiiVrn ^'FheS'a’Prodamation by the Lords Justices was read, ^rftthanclrpg Jiis’ Majesty’s Subjects to forbear all Acts of Huftility against his Catholic Majesty; and his Subjects,

froth and'arter the End of Six Weeks, from the 17th Da^of 7*^1748, O, S. beyond the Channel of the tish Seas,-and the North Seas as far as Cape St. Vincent, and btyortd the Laid Gape to the Equino&iabLine, whether in the Ocean or the according so the

Time stipulated in the said preliminary Articles.

1 By-the Copy of the Proceedings transmitted from the Court’ of Vice Admiralty in to the Corrrmission-

ers for hearing Appeals in Prize Causes, ;relating to the Condemnation of the SpPolacra Anna Maria y St. Felix, in the said-Court of Vice Admiralty; presented to the House the 3 iff of January j 755, and referred to your Committee, it appeared, that on the 3d of September 1748, O. S. the said Polacra, being loaden with Money and Goods (the Effects of his Catholic Majesty’s Subjects)

~ 1 Y*as met with off the Ifhnd ot Cuba by a Squadron of his

1 Majesty’-s Ships under the Commandot Admiral Knowles, and taken by the said Squadron.

" By the Monition in the aforesaid Proceedings in the Court of Vice Admiralty at Jamaica it appeared, that the -Admiral, and Captains of his Squadron, began a Process in the said Court of Vice Admiralty on the 31st of

citnber \748, against the Money and Goods taken on board the said Polacra; and, on the 16th of February following, obtained a Sentence there, condemning the same as Prize.

And by the Depofuions of David Rice, Midshipman of the Strafford, Alexander , Quarter-master of the / ' ' Strafford, and James Hickliffe, Midshipman of the

'total/,read in the Proceedings, it did appear, that the Cargo of the said Polacra, confiding of Money, Plate, Lome Cocoa, and some Hides, were taken out, and put on board his Majesty’s Ships; and that then the said Polacra was let on fire and burnt, Ihe being a flow7 sailer, and not able to keep up with the Squadron.

By the Copy of the Claims exhibited by the Petitioner on the behalf of the Owners of the said Polacra, and her Cargo, it appeared, that he entered a Claim on the 8th of July i 749, on behalf of the Spanish Merchants, Owners of the said Polacra; and at the same time interposed an Appeal to the right honourable the Lords Commissioners for hearing Appeals on Prize Causes, which Appeal was exhibited on the 7th of November 1751; was read; and also the Decree or Judgment pronounced by the Lords Commissionerson the said Appeal, on the 26th 0 1752; whereby the Sentence of the Vice Admiralty of Jamaica was reverted, and the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, which had been condemned there, or the Value thereof, wereadiudged to be restored; and pronounced that no Coils or Damages were due from either Party to the other.

Then the Copy of the Order of the Lords Commissioners for Prizes, dated the nth of 1752, was read, whereby the said Lords Commissioners refer the Account to certain Merchants of Loto ascertain and liquidate the Value of the Goods so by tueir Lord Chips directed to be restored.

Then the Copy of the Report of the said Merchants, upon the said last mentioned Reference, dated 13 ary 1753, was read, whereby it appeared, that they reported the Value of the said Effects to be as follows:

£. s. d. . In Gold - . - - - 11 >643 15 o

In Silver - - - 1,723 12 10

In Goods - - - 300 o o

Making, in the Whole

- 13,869 7 10

Which Sum the Lords Commissioners for Prizes decreed

to be paid to the Appellants, as appeared to your Committee by the Copy ot their Lordships Order, dated the 15th of March 1753.

Then Mr. Tierney, being examined, informed your Committee, That he was Agent for the Spanish Merchants, and that he had not received any Satisfaction for the said Sum: That he applied himself to Admiral 'Knowles before the Liquidation of the Effects, and had demanded of him above £. 17,000: That the said Admiral had offered to repay what he had received act his Share, but the said Agent did not thinkhirafelfauthorized to receive lei's than his whole Demand: That Mr. Knowles was gone from England before the Liquidation of the said Sum by the Referees:

That he had applied to Captain , who, upon this,

made some Application, but lie knew not to whom; but the Spanish Ambassador shortly after declared, that he was perfectly satisfied with what had passed between him and the British Ministry, and directed him not to give those

Gentlemen any further Trouble:

That he had informed his Constituents thereof, whoor-dered him to comply with the Ambassador’s Directions.

Then the Transition of the royal Order of his Catholic Majesty to the Governor of , for the Recti-

tution of all English Prizes taken after the 9th Day of August 1748, either by M m of War or Privateers, and of the Ships Projperily and Sally, dated the 21st of May 1749, was read: And a'so,

The Translation of the Marqub la Letter

to the Spanish Governors in America, dated , July

ift, 1752, to enforce the said former Orders, and al 0 to direct that Satisfaction Chou Id be made for the intireValue of the Prizes, to the Proprietors, or t heir lawful Agents, out of the royal Coffers, is such Value of the Vdiets, their Apparel and Cargoes, shall appear by the Appraise-ment and public Sale ol them, was read.

And also the Translatior. of a Letter from Don Julian de Arriaga, superferibed (By the King), to the Governor and Captain General of the Island of Porto Rico, and to the Officers of the royal Revenue there, dated the 5th of October 1754, for enforcing of former Orders, and requiring that the Satisfaction to be made out of the royal Coffers to the Parties interested should be of the Value of the Goods, which shall appear by the Certificates of the Custom House to have been loaded on board fuejx Prizes taken before the Time before mentioned, and that a Calculation §,.a!l be made of the Loss sustained by perishable Commodities, was read: And,

Beeston Long Esquire informed your Committee, That he was Chairman to a Committee of British Merchants, who were Claimants of Ships taken by his Catholic Ma- jetty’s Subjects since the Time appointed for the Cessation ot Hofhlities; and he delivered to your Committee a List of those Claims received from their Attorney to the Amount of £.77,374. 7 s.9 d.:And further said.

That Proceedings have been had on all those Claims before the Spaniards: That some of them are still in Litigation; but, as far as the Proceedings have been finished, the Claims have been allowed; and he presented an Account to your Committee, by which it appeared, that £.16,363. 12 r. Part of the said Sum 0^.77,374. <j,d. had been already paid; and he added, That probably a much greater Sum was received by this time, and that the whole Money paid has been out of the royal Chest at the Havannah; and that he thinks the whole Demand will

be paid.

And he further said, That he was Director of One of the Offices of Assurance, and by that means knows that the Sum of £. 8,000 has been paid by his Catholic Majesty for the Ship Elizabeth, the Property of Messieurs Wright and Company, taken after the Time for Cefiation of Hostilities: And,

James Abercrombie Esquire informed your Committee, That the said last mentioned Ship was the Property of the said Gentlemen of Charles Town: That those Gentlemen had llcstitution made them at St. That he did

not

1

1

29.Geo. II. 90 Februarii.

439

not know the exact Value of the said Ship and Cargo, but thinks it was about io or £. i2,poo, and that he knows the Owners have received the greatest Part of it.

He further said, That he had Instructions from Governor Dcnvuiddu to apply for Payment of the Balance of a Demand on the Court of Spain, on account of the Capture of the Sloop Patty, and her Cargo; and he produced to your Committee a Letter from Governor Denwiddie, wherein he acknowledges to have received from the Gover-nor ot Porto Rico £. 1,034 out of the King’s Coffers.

John Boyd Esquire informed your Committee, That himloti and others, Owners of a Ship taken by the Spa-after the Time appointed for Cessation of Hostility, had obtained an t)rder for the Restitution of the said Ship, or her V alue, which was about 12 or £. 1,400.

John Caikericood Esquire, being examined, informed your Committee, That ^.i,o63 had been paid to Mr. Latouth and Company, in New York, in the Year 1751, on account of a Capture after the Time appointed for the Deflation.

And he produced to your Committee a Letter, by which it appeared, that the said Sum was paid out. of the royal Coffers of his Catholic Majesty.

Captain Nicholas Newton informed your Committee, That he commanded the Land Forces under Admiral Knowles in September 1748: That he was on board the Tilbury: That he remembers the taking of the Polacra about the 3d of September: That the Money was put in Proportions on board the several Ships-: That he received his Share, amounting to about 40 Piflolcs, from the Hands of Captain Pow/elt, before the taking the Conquesta-dere: That he never had any further Payment, though he returned with the Squadron to Jamaica, and that lie cannot remember that he made any further Demand.

David Brodie Esquire, being examined, said, That he was Captain of the Strafford, and failed under the Command of Vice Admiral Knozvles from Jamaica, about the 16th of August 1748, in consequenceof Orders from the Admiralty to continue Hostilities with Spain: That the 3d of September following the y took the Polacra Anna Maria y 67. Felix: That the Day following it was agreed by a General Council of the Officers of the Squadron, that it was for the Good of the Service todeltroy her, as they found by the Chace that Hie was a heavy sailer, and were apprehensive that she might fall into the Hands of the Enemy, and give Information of their Strength, which was judged at that time inferior to the Enemy, as the Warwick had not yet joined the vSquadron: Accordingly it was ordered, that the Money and other Effects should be taken out of the Prize, and divided according to the Rates of the different Ships, as near as might be calculated, that some Part of the Treasure might be preserved in case of an Accident happening to any of the Ships: That accordingly the Money was counted, and nailed up in different Boxes, and delivered to the Captains, who were to be accountable for their own, their Officers, and Companies, Shares:

That in cruising off the Havannah, the 5th or 6th of OElcber, they took an Advice Boat, which had failed from Cadiz Six Weeks before, who had a Pals on board from the Regency of England, by which they were informed of the Cessation of Arms: Afterwards some Letters passed between the Spanifk Governor, the Spanish Admiral, and Admiral Knowles: The next Da) r it was agreed that there should be a Restitution of Prisoners on both Sides: That the Day following all the Prisoners were font on Shore: That he was by when Admiral Knowles gave Directions that the Mailer, and Two others belonging to the Polacra, ftiouid be detained onboard, and carried to Jamaica: That thereupon the said Mailer carnally begged to be let on Shore at the Havannah, as he might more readily get to Old Spain from thence; whereas it he was carried to Jamaicay lie might not perhaps get home in less than a Year: That he wFas well informed by the People belonging to the Advice Sleep, that Prizes taken antecedent to September the 2Sth were just and legal Captures and there-

fore, as he had no claim to make for Restitution of his Refotutioa Efle&s, it would be cruel to carry him so far out of his s ° Way: That accordingly he and the other Two were permitted to go on Shore:

That about the Middle of November authentic Orders came from the Admiralty for a Cessation of Hostilities with Spain: That no Proclamation was delivered to him, nor did he know of any being delivered to the other Captains: That he never saw any Proclamation pofled up in any public Place, though he continued there till the Middle of April: That the EITefls were begun tobedif-tributed by the Witness, on board the Strafford, to those Persons of the Ship’s Complement who were ordered to be reduced, and lent home, by Orders from the Admiralty to reduce the Complements of the Ships of their Squadron to the Peace Establishment: That those Sailors who were to go away became clamorous for their Prize Money, and that this Distribution was made alter tliQ Monition, but before Condemnation:

That he did not receive any Orders from Admiral Knowles for that Distribution, who,'he apprehended, had no right to give Orders concerning the Money.

Then the Translation of a Letter from the Spanifk Admiral Reggio to Admiral Knowles, dated the 17th of 08o~ her 1748, was read, wherein he demands the Restitution of the Conquejladore, alleging, that the Term prescribed by the Convention of the 28th of June expired on the 28th of September, as far as relates to the West Indies; and that he would order the Frigate called the Mary, as well as the other Prizes that have been made after the Term prescribed, to be veftored.

Then the Translation of a loiter from the Governor of the Havannah to Admiral Knowles, dated the 17th of October 1748, was read,‘in which he makes a formal Demand for the Restitution of the Ship called the Con-ques adore, as beingfeized subsequent to the Time limited and prescribed by the Preliminaries of Peace signed at A lx la Chapelle, to which the Plenipotentiaries of his Catholic Majesty did accede on the 28th of June 1748.

Then the Copy of an Order from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, to Rear Admiral Knowles at Jamaicay dated the 12th of August 1748, was read, wherein they acquaint him, that they fend him, with that Order, Twenty printed Copies of a Proclamation dated the 4th of An-guff, issued by their Excellencies the Lords Justices, forbidding ail Acts of Hostility agninff ins C thulic Majesty and the Republic of Genoa, after the different Periods ot'

Time therein mentioned; and diredV him to ciiftribute them to the Captains of his Majesty’s Ships under his Command, with Orders strictly to comply therewith.

At the Foot of this Order there is the following Re* mark: " This Order was lent by the Pacquet the 27th of fi August 1748."

Then an Extract of a Let ter from Rear Admiral Knowles to Mr. Clevland, dated at Jamaica, the 24th January 174^,

O. S. was read, as follows.

" Your several Letters of the 25th of August, 9th, cc 16th, and 30th September, with the several Orders indoled, 'I have received, and shall punctually obey " them;" and at the Foot of this Extract is the following Remark:

N. B. It doth not appear by the Books of the Admiralty Office, that any Letter was wrote to Admiral Knozvles on or about the 25th of August, except that 01 the 26th, inclosing the Lords Order to him.

Then the Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Bedford\ dated the 7th May 1748, was read, wherein he acquaints the Governor, that preliminary Articles had been signed at Aix la Chapelle the 19th of April last, O. S. between his Majesty the most Christian King and the States Ge.-neral of the United Provinces, and inclosing a Proclamation to be published* declaring a Cessation of Anns as well by Sea as Land.

Then

U-

a opaniih frize.

Revubting the Marine Forces.

Ways and

Means*

Supply.

440 p° Februarii. A, 1756.

a Then the said Proclamation, dated the 5th of May 1748, was read, which directs that such Ships, Merchandizes, and Effects, which should be taken after Six Weeks from the said 19th Day of Ap beyond the Channel, the British Seas, and the North Seas, as far as Cape cent, and for the Space of Six Weeks more, beyond the said Cape to the Equinoctial Line, whether in the Ocean or Mediterranean, should be restored on all Sides: And also,

Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Bedford to Governor Trelawney, dated the 28th of June 1748, was read,

whereby the Duke informs the Governor of the Act of Accession of the King of Spain, as likewise of that of the Republic of Genoa, to the Preliminaries signed at la Chapelle the 19th of April 174S, O. S. had been signed there by the respective Plenipotentiaries on the 28th In-Rant, N. S. in consequence of which, Hostilities were to cease as well by Sea as Land, according to the Terms and Periods agreed upon in a Suspension of Arms in the Treaty signed at Paris the 19th Day of 1712,

N. S. and inclosing; a literal Translation of the Clauses of the said Treaty, of the 19th of August 1712, which relate to this Matter.

And the Translation of the 3d Article of a Treaty concluded at Paris, between Engla and 19 th

August'\-jix, was read, by which it appeared, that the Term should be of Six Weeks for Prizes made from the Channel, the British Seas, and the North Seas, as far as Cape St. Vincent, and in like manner of Six Weeks from

and beyond the Cape, as far as the Lane, whether in the Ocean or the Mediterranean.

Then the Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Bedford to Governor Trelawney, dated 9th of 1748, was

read, wherein he informs the Governor, that the Lords Justices had ordered a Proclamation to be published, declaring a Cessation of Hostilities against his Catholic Majesty and the Republic of Genoa, a Copy of which is incloied in his Grace’s Letter, with Orders to the Governor to publift) the same at all proper Places under his Government.

Then a Letter from Governor Trelawney to the Duke of Bedford, dated Jamaica, November 16th, 1748, was read, wherein he acknowledges the Receipt of his Grace’s Letters of the 28th of June and 9th of together

with the Translation of the Clauses of the Treaty of the 19th Day of August 1712; and informing his Grace, that, agreeable to them, and his Grace’s Letter of 7 th May last, together with his Majesty’s Proclamation inclosed therein, he had caused a Proclamation to be published, declaring a Cessation of Hostilities against his Catholic Majesty and the Republic of Genoa, before his Grace’s other Letter of the 9th of August, inclosing their Excellencies the Lords Justices Proclamation on the same Occasion, came to Hand.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

1

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, "Charge of a " Regiment of Foot of Four Battalions of 1,000 private Men in each," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the F.ftimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the 6th of Queen Anne, and the 6th of King George the First, to satisfy all Annuities charged thereupon to the 5th Day of January 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions , which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by tire Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Salusbury, Colonel Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Edwin, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Mr.

Grey, Lord Malpas, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road /rom Leicester to Narborough; and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge , and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon-, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from to Ashby

de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, for putting the said Act in Execution, so far as the same relates to the repairing that Part of the Road in the said Act mentioned, which leads from the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton, and from thence, through the Parishes of Chilvers Coton and Bedworth, it the County of Warwick, to Bishops , in the City of Coventry; is referred.

And then the House adjourned till To-marrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lsicester,

&c.

Roads.

I o° Februarii.

441

tt

3)5

vi-

ft:

h

(0

-1&

T%

i^nr.

J:ri,

4:

:o-

:hi

tf?3

:k>

rt:

Mart is, 10* d7<?;

Anno 29* Georgii ildi Regis, 1756.

J^arringdon,

kc.

Roads.

Prayer

s.

Glouccder,

&c.

Roacs.

Wiitonghby

Hcd^e

Road.

itt i )1? etti

te

Is*

S'ii’

:ois

Qllt Robert Long presented to the House, according to U Order, a Bill for retiring and widening the Road from the Town of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Cricklade, and from thence to the Town of Mabnesbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Road from thence to join the Turnpike Hoad at A cion ,in

the County of Gloucester-, and also the Road from bury, in the said County, through aforesaid,

to Chippenham Bridge; and the Road from to

join the Turnpike Road leading from to Hatht

And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Barrowpresented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the City of Gloucester to the Smith’s Shop at or near a Place called Bedlam, being Part of the Hoad to Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester; and also the Road leading from the said City to the Road leading from Tewkesbury towards Cheltenham, near the Hand and Post at Combe Hill, being Part of the upper Road to bury aforesaid, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refobed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts; and through Wincantonto Charlton Houthorn-, and from Wil-

loughby Hedge aforesaid to the Welt End of Long Lane in . Kilminglon \ and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherboru Turnpike Cross Gare on Cattle Hill-, and also from Wincanton to Spar I ford, in the County of Somerset j was read a Second time.

Refobed, That ti:e Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Barrow, Sir John 'Turner, Mr. Onslow, Mr. lozves, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Henley, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. More, Sir Francis Toole, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Kyna/lun, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hunter, Mr.

Gwynn, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sloper, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Ryder, Sir John PhiTpps, Mr. Mr.

Sir Thomas Holes , Mr. Walter, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Tr.fl, Mr. Butler, Mr. Garth, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Mr. Philiipps, Mr. Pitt, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Mabbot, Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Mr. Mr. Moore,

Admiral Griffin, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Mr.

Godolphin, Mr. Gorges, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Bagot; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Dorset, Devon, and G/ou-

cester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bedford

Level

Co

Mr. Aldworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for establishing a Fund for Payment of the Bond"00 R°nt!s tlae Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level-, and forexchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for enabling the said Corporation to borrow further Sums for the Ulc of the said Great Level: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'ohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Bridge at Hay.

Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom the

Petition of those whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Clirow, and other Parishes lying. near, thereto, in the VoL.

County of Radnor, and also of the Town of , and other Parishes lying near thereto, in the County of Brecon; and also the Petition of those whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Hay, and other Parishes lying near thereto, in the County of Brecon; and allb of the Parjlh of Clirow, and of other Parishes lying near thereto, in the County of Radnor; were referted, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'Fable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. James Price, being examined, said, That he knows the Fold through the River Wye, betwixt the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, and the high Road on the opposite Shore, in the County of That the Passage of the said Ford is very dangerous; and he knows that many People have been drowned in attempting to pals,; ancf that there is no Bridge between Glasbury and Hereford, which is above Twenty Miles:

That, about Eight Years ago, a Subscriotion was raised for building a Bridge across the said River, just above the said Ford; which, if carried into Execution, would be of great public Advantage; and that Part of Three Piers, and an Abutment, were raised, at about 300 Expence, which have been since much damaged by the Floods:

That be knows the Pay Boat belonging to Sir William Fozvler, which is about Haifa Mile above the Place where the Bridge is proposed to be built; and that the Lands on both Sides the high Road leading to the Ford on the Rad-norshire Side, are claimed by Sir William Fozvler Baronet; and that the Whole of the Fowlers Estate in Clirow Parish, or Neighbourhood, are about £. 135 per Annum; and, if the Bridge was built, he would, in a few Years, be glad to have those Estates at £. 40 per Annum Advance; and that £. 50 per Annum has been offered for the lame:

That the Town of Hay is a Market and a Poll Town, and is separated from the County of Radnor by the River Wye only; which, when the Water is high, cuts off all Communication for many Miles; at which Time it is dangerous passing the said River in the said Pay Boat: That Carriages do not usuallypafs in such Boat; nor can such Boat pals at any time in Safety, without the Use or a Rope fattened to the Poll on Mils s Land:

And he said, that, about Two Months ago, a Man was drowned in attempting to pass with the Boat:

That there are no Lime Kilns on the Radnorshire Side the River, within Ten Miles; and that he used to carry Lime from the Kilns near die River on the Brecknockshire Side, to his Lands at Clirow, through the Ford, till about Two Years ago, when the Ford became so dangerous, he avas obliged to desist; and that it is Eight Miles round to go over Glasbury Bridge, which is the nearest Passage.

Mr. John Pugh, being examined, said. That he has rented the Ferry Boat of Sir William Fowler 20 Years j and confirmed Mr. Price's Evidence of the Bridge being begun: And he added, that Sir William's Steward seemed to countenance the Work for the First Three Months; but then began to obstruift the Works; and the Witness went with the Steward, Mr. Richard Morgan, when he destroyed Part of the said Works, and forbid going on with the fame.

Mr. Thomas Lewis said, That when the Boat croflcs the said River to the Brecknockshire Side, Passengers are obliged to land upon, and go over, about 200 Yards of Mils Vaughan's Land: That the Sum of Two Guineas a Year has always been demanded, and paid, till very Jately, for putting up Polls on Mils s Lands, and suffer-

ing Passengers going over the said Land; but that the present Occupier of the Boat having refused to pay the said Two Guineas, the Polls necessary for fastening the Rope to navigate the Boat are taken away, without which it is very dangerous passing:

jU And.

Wilt’s

Name,

Neene

River

Navigation.

E ster nod's Nat.

Sheffield, &c. Court of Conscience.

Kegul itnv lnr M.tr'iir i oi\:e*.

442

t o° Febru

Jl. 1756'.

And he added, that if a Bridge was to be built, as proposed, Sir William Fowler's LlUuc would be improved

£. 7,0or £. 40 per Annum.

Mr. Pugh, being further examined, laid, That Application has been nude to Lady who is Tenant for

Life, and ailo to Colonel Hodges, Guardian to Sir Fowler, who is an Infant, for Leave to build the Lid Bridge; but without Succcfs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge aciois the River the Town of

Hay, in the County of Brecon, to the onpofitc Shore in the County of Radnor :And that Mr. C'Wynne, Mr. Thomas Morgan, and Mr. Thomas Morgan junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrofild Bill to enable William Esquire,

now called William Buhner, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname anti Arms of pursuant to the

Will of WilBam Buhver Esquire, deceased, was read the

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable William Esquire, now call-

ed William Buhver, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Buhver, pursuant to the Will of William Buhver Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, jn at the Clerk’s Table: U here the

Amendments were once read throughout; arid then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill f r dividing and inclosing certain Wades or common Grounds in the Parish o f Brancepeth, in the County of Durham, was commuted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Widow Markinda/e,who, having been informed of the said Bill, laid that the would not oppoll* the lame; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to repoit to the House; and he read the Report in I?is Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabie': Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second time, ( ne by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

B.df, cepfth

Jticwlu;c.

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Isham and Mr. be

added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, Two several Acts of Parliament, one of them passed in the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Neene, alias Nine, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable; and the other made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the said former Afl.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing JoJl David Ewas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Felloives do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Henry Finch reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the most noble Edward Duke of Norfolk, and the moll honourable the Marquis of Rockingham, and the most honourable Marchioness of Rockingham, his Wife, and of Thomas Howard of Norfolk, Esquire, elded Son and Heir of the honourable Howard, late of Bucknell in the said County of Norfolk, Esquire, deceased, Brother of the said Edward Luke of Norfolk, and of divers Gentlemen, Freeholders, House-holders, Tradesmen, Artificers, and Refiants, within the Liberty of Hallamshire, in the County of York, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read;

and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and F.cclefill, in the County of York

And That Mr. Henry Finch, Mr. OfLdde/lon, and Mr.

IFilkirfn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

r

Mr. Ct:vlandy according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Siioie, was committed, the Amendirrents, which thcCom-miit A* ind made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he lead in his Pla^e; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; vh,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding ‘Fifty-live thou land and Thirty-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year,) 756.

Pcefchedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Eighty-leven Pounds Two Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony cf Nova Scotia, in the Year 1754, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Six hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Eleven Troops of Light Dragoons, for the Service of the Year 1756.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy five thousand Eight hundred Thirty-five Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 1755, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingThree thousand Five hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence, he granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen oi the Two Troops of Horle Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horle Guards, for the Year 1756.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty *s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1 756.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Four hundred Eighty-four Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the

paying

Sipply.

Ifofin&doke

Roads.

Fan Tier's Elutes.

AHowirg-forrion Proiefii ats to h»>IJ Cornua# on

29 Geo. II.

i o° Febfucffii.

443

paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced OiFicers of his Majesty’s Lmd Forces and Marines, as died upon the Eftjblifluuent of Half-pay in Great , and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, for the Year 17^6.

Resolveed, That it is the Opinion'of this Committee, Th.at a Sum, not exceedingThree thou land Five hundred Fifty-leven Pounds 'l'en Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24th Day ot June 1755, to the 24th Day of June 1756.

Resolveed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-one thousand One hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Koval Amman Regiment of Foot, to be raised for his Majesty’s Service in North America, for the Service of the Year J 756.

Rijched, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thai a Sum, net exceeding Seventy-one thousand One hundred Lighty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthing?, be granted to his Majesty, to niake good the Deficiency of the Half Subsid les of Tonnage and Poundage, charged with the Payment of leve ral Annuities by the Acts of the 6th of Queen Anne and the 6th of King George the First, to satisfyall Annuities charged thereupon to the 5U1 Day of January last, 17.36.

Rejllvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand and Thirty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and One Penny, be granted to his Majesty, to he paid to John Roberts, late Governor of Cape Coajl Castle in Africa, for his extraordinary Charges in Supporting and defending the Forts and Set-

tlements there, against rne Hostilittes of the Dutch, and Encroachments of the French, in the Year 1 750.'

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from Jlcke, through Popham Lane, Scotuey, and Stock-

bridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called

LobcombCorner, in the county of ; and also.for re-paiiing and widening tire Road from Spit tic over

(Feybit!,to Mullen's'Pond, in the said County of South-airs ton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for impe weringEft her Haunter, an Infant, to lettle her Estates, pursuant to Articles entered into, in Consideration of a Marriage agreed upon between Esquire,

and the said Eft her II.turner: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MelTcngers withdrew.

And the fiici Bill was read the First time.

Rejobed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring . in a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of foreign Protellants, who have fervid s- abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Re-strictions and Qualifications;

The House was moved. That the Fifth Provision, contained in the Third Section of an A eft, made in the lath and 13th Years of the Reign of King Hi!Hum the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was a!l"o moved. That an AT, made in the Vox,. 27.

First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to explain an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties ^f the Subject, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the yth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament, for naturalizing his H/ghnels the Prince of might

be read.

Anil the same was read accordingly.

The House was alto moved, ' ii.it another Act, made in the 7th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing the moll Serene Prince Charles Henry Frijo Prince of G and Nnjjhu, might

be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Second and Third Sections of an Act, made in the tgth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and oilier trading Ships and Privateers, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the First and Sixth Sections of another Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of foreign Protestants*, who have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Y'eis I ^r‘

1 Oilers for the I cas, j Co!ortd:

x , c ., vr (Air. Nor they.

Tellers forthe Noes, } Mr

} i6s-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Lord Uarringun, the Lord Strange,

Mr. Secretary Fjx, and Mr. Attorney Genera), do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill. \ . j,

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the AppJfhf further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, Electwn. complaining of air undix Elect rt> n and Return forthe Borough of Appleby, in the County of bVeftmcreland.

And the Counsel were called in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having alleged, that they had established the Votes of Sixteen Persons, who appear, upon the Pol), taken at the said Election, to have voted for the Petitioners, and whose Votes Were rejected by tire Returning Officer; and had also added to the Poll of the Petitioners Six Persons, who rendered their Votes for the Petitioners, and were rejected by the lieturning Officer; and that they the said Counsel had also produced Evidence, in order to disqualify Twelve Persons. who voted for the Sifting Members;

- The laid Counsel infilled, that the Votes of the said Sixteen Persons, who voted for the Petitioners, and whole Votes were rejected by the Returning Officer, and the Votes of the said Six Persons, who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners, r.nd were rejected'by the Returning Officer, being added to the Poll of the Petitioners; and the Votes of the said Twelve Persons, whom they the said Counfe! had produced Evidence to disqualify, being deducted from the Poll ofrhe Sifting Members, the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes.

And One of the Council for the Sitting Members having admitted, that the Counsel for the Petitioner htid

cfuibiished

444

established the Votes of Thirteen of the Persons, in Support of whose Votes Evidence had been produced; and having alleged, that the Votes of the said Thirteen Persons being added to the Poll of the Petitioners, the Numbers upon the Poll for the Sitting Members, and for the Petitioners, were, in that Cafe, equal; he acquainted the House, that if such Equality of Votes was admitted by the Counsel for the Petitioners, he was in-stru&ed to give the House no further Trouble.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having admitted an Equality of Votes upon the Poll, as (fated by the Couniel for the Sitting Members;

The Couniel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Philip Honeywo Esquire, is duly elctfted a . Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appleby, in the county of ;

Mr. Honeywoodwithdrew.

Replied, That Philip Esquire, is not duly

elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of -

land.

Refolded, That William Lee Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland.

Replied, That Sir John Baronet, is not duly

elected a Burge Is to serve in this present Parliament for t he Borough of Appleby, in the County of land.

Replied, That Fletcher Norton Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appieby, in the County Westmore-land.

Replied, That the late Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Appleby, in the County of Wej!morel and, was a void Election.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Call of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be further *Ioule- adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-'ar or* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, Plans, and other Papers, which were presented to the House -upon the 20th Day

of January last, relating to the Harbour of Ramsgate.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii) 11° die Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii IP* Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

/ 4

Act Ayf R. Godolphin presented to the House, according to

relating to xYA Order, a Bill to explain and abend a Clause in Quarantine. mac]c jn tj,e year of the Reign of his pre-

fent Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britainor Ireland, or the Hies of Jersey,

Alderney, Sark, or Man-,whereby the Rationing of Ships infefted with the Plague, to the Northward of Cape Finisterre, is confined ta the Harbour of New Grimsby, and removable to no1 other Place: And the same was . received; and read the First time.

Replied, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Tewkesbury Mr. John Martin reported from the Committee, to Ruada. whom the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of to Copomb Gate, and

from lfabel's Elm to the Top of Gathering!on Hill, in the County of Gloucester; and from Teivkejlury to a Farm-house called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction Pop in the Parish of Ripple, and to Simonds Ford Brook-, and from

17.56.

Breedon to Ecking/on Bridgefin the County of Worcester j

and from Teivktejbnryto Wainloads Bridge, and to the

Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road from o

C'trencester; and from the Market House in- Cheltenham, to the Turnpike Road from Bttrfctdto oucefier, near a Tree called Pttejdon Ash, in the said County

was re-committed, That the Committee had made some other Amendments to the Bill; winch they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confide ration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Mr. Dodiugtonpresented to the House, according to Finn

Order, a Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species Manutiiuia. of British and Iri/hLinenr exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Replied, That the Bill he read a Second time.

The Lord Barnard presented to the House, according j>oWf to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers . ’ granted by an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign K,wi of his present Majesty, for repairing the high Road from the Town of Bowes, in the county of 'Turk, to Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Bridge,

and from thence, by MelderfionGUI, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham; and for making the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Replied, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Philipps presented to the House, according to Appointing Order, a Bill for appointing a sufficient Number of Coiil:abir.<ia Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nutances within the said City and Liberty: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Replied, That the Bill be read a Second titruf.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to W, T* relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to 3,1(1 consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Replied, I hat this House will, upon A Morning next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being , read, for the Supply-House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy, as it stood on 31st December 1735, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of hisMa-jefiy’s Ships, for the Year 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, Tint they'

had come to several Resolution-; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

10° — 11°

29 Geo. II.

i Is — 126 Februarii.

445

Mead

Bicok

Road.

Lincoln

Heath,

&c.

Road.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move* That they may have Leave to fit again.

ResolvediThat this House will* upon this Day Seven-night resolveitfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majestyi

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfovisys 2* die Februarii;

Anno 29* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1756*

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders* and others of the Counties of Wilts and Gloucester> was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of in the County of Gloucester, and from Chippenham Bridge,

aforesaid, to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, in the said County of Gloucester, have caused the Road from Chippenham Bridge, aforesaid, to the Top of Old Sodbury Hill, to be carried from the Salutation, in the Parish of Castle-combe, through Burton, in the Parish of , over

a Place called Little Marfn; and have erected a Turnpike at Burton aforesaid, whereby all Persons ravelling from Chri/lian Malford Bridge, and fevetal other Towns

and Places through Puckleckurch, to Bristol, pay a Toll for pa fling little more than a Mile upon the said Turnpike Road., contrary to the Intention of the said Act, whereby it was declared, that no Gate should be erected between the said Salutation and a Lane which leads'to Nettleton, in the Road, to Turvill Alton', and taking Notice of the Bill, depending in the House, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parish of Puckleckurch and Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Medford Bridge, in the County of Wilts; and also from Puckleckurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish; and further alleging, that the said Road leading from Burton aforesaid to the said Salutation-, is Part of the high Road leading from Mead Brook aforesaid to the said Christian Malford Bridge: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law; and that Provision may be made therein, that no Person shall be subject to the Payment of any Toll for nailing on any Part of the Road between the said Salutation and a certain Lane, in the Parish of leading on to West Kington Downs; and for allowing the Commissioners, appointed by the said Act of the 25th of his present Majesty, a proportional Part of the Expences of making that Part of the Road from the said Salutation to Burton aforesaid, and fordirefting how the fame

thall be repaired for the future; and that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is com*' mitted.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed for repairing the Northern Division of the Highways leading from in the County of Hertford, to Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon-, and likewise the Highways leading from Stilton, in the said County of to

the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton j was presented to the House and read; alleging, That the Amendment of the Roads leading from the South. East End of t.incoln Heath, through a Lane called Dunfby Lane, and through the several Towns of Sleaford, kingham, Bourn, and Market Deeping, in the County of Lincoln, to the City of Peterborough, in the County 01 V9L. 27.

El.Vtiiieie

Roads.

Northampton, will be of the greaWft Service to the Country through which the said Road passes: And therefore praying, That a Bill for that Purpose may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Kynafhm reported from the Committee, to whom Shrewrtwiy the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an _t.hr<?"gh Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrewf-bwry through Ellesmere, in the- County of Salop, and Overton in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and other Traders and Inhabitants, within or near the City of Chester, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Freeholders, of the Counties of Flint and Denbigh; were severally referred, That the

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as ic appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Mr Ckambre produced, and proved, to youf Committee, an Account, by which it appeared, that the Trustees had borrowed £. 1000 upon the Credit of the said Act; and, by the said Act, it appears, that they are not impowered to borrow any greater Sum than,£. 1,000.

And Mr. Corbet Price, Surveyor to the said Trustees, laid, That the Money borrowed had been duly applied in repairing the said Road, and the necessary Works relating to the fame; and that great Progrds had been made in the Repairs thereof; but the Sum before-mentioned’was insufficient to answer the Purposes of the said Act; and that if the Term and Powers are not enlarged, the Intent of the said Act cannot be answered:

That he knows the other Roads mentioned in the Petition: That they are in a very ruinous Condition, and narrow, and incommodious for Carriages and Passengers, and by the Laws now in being, cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair.

The Reverend Mr. Smallbrooke, and Mr. John Dobfcn, confirmed the last Part of Mr. Price's Evidence.

Upon the last-menfioned Petition,

Mr. John Wiggins and Mr. Griffiths both agreed, that the Roads therein mentioned are very ruinous, narrow, and incommodious; and Mr. Griffiths said, the Laws ip being arc insufficient to repair the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrezasbury, through Ellesmere, in the County of Salop, and Overton, in the County of to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and likewise to repair and widen several Roads leading from the above-mentioned Roads; and also the Road from Wrexham aforesaid to Chester, and from thence to Eivloe in Ha war-dine Parish, in the County of Flint: And that Mr.

ston, Sir Richard Grofoenor, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Myddellon, Sir Lynch Cotton, and Mr. Egerton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. 0

The Lord Dozvne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the high Road from the Borough of Ripou, by Itigram Bank, to the Town of Pately Bridge, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing arid widening the Road horn the White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of and Chc-

Jlerfield, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, and from the said Town of field to the Moot Hall in the Town of in the-

5 X ' said

Ripon,

tec.

Roa«l,

Derby,

fee.

iCond.

446 12° Februarii. A. 1756'.

feid County of Xter!')': And the tame was received; and rented him to report to the House; and he read the Reread the First time. port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with'

Resolved, That the Bill.be read a Second Time. the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Se-'Boupliton, M r. Henry Vertum reported from the Committee, to cond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally ire. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

i.cofurf. pjcjtjs> conimcn Pastures, common Meadows, common Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of grofled.

Boh "hi on and Pisford, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Alie- Ordered, That the Bill for grantinga Bounty upon cer-gaiions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tain Species of and Irish Linens exported, and

that the Parties concerned hadgiven their Consent to the taking off the Duties on foreign raw.or brown Linen Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Three Yarns imported,'be printed.

Persons, who, being applied to, refuted to lign the Bill,

but laid they had no Objection to it, and except John Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Turkicell, who could not be found, and is Owner of Two Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Yard Lands worth about Twenty Pounds a Year; but his to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, Tenant had been appriied of the Contents of the Bill; the Resolutions, which they had dire died him to re-and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of- port to the House; whidi he read in his Place, and pose the fame; and that the Committee had gone through afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which same were read; and are as followeth; they had directed him to report to the House; and he , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Eight the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Where the Report was read. Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty

And several of the Amendments made by the Com- to pay the said Sum to James of London, Mer-

mittee to the said Bill being severally read a Second time, chant. Agent for, and on behalf of, Don Libino were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed and others. Merchants, residing at

to by the House. Cadiz, Subjects of his Catholic Majesty, Owners of the

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Money and Effefls taken in the Spanish Ship Anna Maria Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. y St. Felix.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Paddington The House was moved, That the Petition of his Grace That all Claims of the Merchants for the said

ew ’ the Duke of Bedford, and others, Inhabitants of the Pa- Sum be, by them, or their Agent or Agents, assigned rish of Saint George, Bloomsbury, the Parish of St. Giles over to proper Persons, to the end that the same be recoin the Fields, and the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in vered and applied to the Use of the Public, the County of Middlesex, which was presented to the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, House upon Wednesday the 4th Day of this Instant Febru- That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand ary, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards the Build-againread. ings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships, for

And the same being read accordingly; the Year 1756.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. George That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred thousand Hanover Square, Paddington, St. Mary leBone, St. Giles in Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off the Fields, St. George's Bloomfbwy, Saint Andrew's Hoi- and: discharging the Debt of the Navy.

born, and St. At aryIJlington, in the County of Middlesex, The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second

and of several Gentlemen, Farmers, Tradesmen, and other time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Inhabitants of the said County, and of the Cities of London agreed to by the House. and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

was referred, be revived. That this House will, upon this Day Fort-

Ordered, That the said Petition of his Grace the Duke night, resolve itself into aCommitteeof the whole House, of Bedford, and others, Inhabitants of the Parish of St. to consider further of the Report from the Committee, George, Blotmfbury, the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields, to whom the Paper, containing the Petition, which had' and the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the County of been presented to his Majesty, intituled, " The humble Middlesex, be referred to the Consideration of the said Com- " Petition of James Tierney, of London, Merchant, Agent1 mi t tee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and " for and on behalf of Don Libino Bernardo Vanderbrouk, report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House. " and others, Merchants, residing at Cadiz, and Subjects

" of his Catholic Majesty the King of Spain, Owners of Appointhg Ordered, That the Bill for appointing a fufikient Num- " the Money and Effects heretofore taken on board the Lo.iftalilcs y,er of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty " Spanish Polacra Anna Mariay St. , by a Squadron miufter U Westminster, and to compel proper Persons to take up- " of your Majesty’s Ships under the Command of Ad-’ on them the Office of Jurymen, to pi efentNuifances within " miral was referred.

the said City and Liberty, be printed. Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said

last mentioned Committee of the whole House. v'h'ite Mr. Thijlletlnvayte reported from the Committee, to Ordered, That the Minutes of the Examination taken Parish whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads before the Committee, to whom the said Paper was re-hoads. leading from a Pond belonging t o Henry Eyre Esquire, ferred, be laid before the House.

in the Parish of White Parish, in the County of Wilts, to the 'Pop of Dumvood Hill, and from thence over Great The House was moved. That the Resolution of the Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra, to House, upon Saturday the 24th Day of January last, for Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from railing the Sum of Two millions by Annuities and a Lot-thence to the Covinty of the Town of Southampton, was tery, in the Manner therein mentioned, might be read, committed, That the Committee had examined the Al- And the same being read accordingly; legations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true. Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Mr. made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di- Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent^ Mr. Wynd~-24 ham

Linrn M m 11 facet/rc*.

Supply

Restitution

of a Spanish Priie.

Supply Bill; Lotteries.

29 Geo. II.

12 130

4+7

hem Gbrien, Mr. Furnefe, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the tame.

Allowing The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord* foreign ing to Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Com-to'hold* m'fli°ners to a Certain N umber of foreign Protestants, who Commissions. have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications: And the same was received; and read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon WednesdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

tfr

J

'I

tie

G

fa

k-

k-

p

Lrj

frO

Lit*,

Ui

Ed-

iuT-

Fr-

Hr-

Privilege allowed :o a Solicitor for a Bill.

Eltenfoot

Harbour*

iic

yJu~'

oft thf

rJ"'

nof":

his

dib-

:iti

>lhet

lb

Wrnlock,

Ac.

Road:.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Gilbert Douglas, a Solicitor for a Bill depending in this

House, was Yesterday arrested, and now remains in Cu-ftodyj

And a Witness being called in, and examined, in order to prove that the said Mr. Gilbert Douglas was so arrested;

And another Witness being called in, and examined; and having informed the House, That the said Mr. Gilbert Douglas did, Yesterday, attend on the House, as Solicitor for a Bill now depending;

Ordered, That the Privilege of this House be allowed to the said Mr. Gilbert Douglas; and that he be discharged

> from his Arrest.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 130 Februarit;

Anno 290 Georgii Ildl Regis, 1756. Prayers.

A B1LL for enlarging the Termand Powers granted by Jlx. an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, to< repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Eilenfoot, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. G: dolphin, Mr. Butler, Mr. Wat Jon, Mr.

naston. Sir William Calvert, Sir Francis Poole, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir Francis Drake, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Furnefe, Sir Charles Mr. Bond,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Hayes, Mr. More, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Barbor, Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gu/ston, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Martin, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Cocks, Mr. T>ift, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. , Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Forrester, Lord Shelburne, Colonel , Mr. Gash-

ry, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Torke; and all the Members who fer.e for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmoreland, Northumberland, York,

and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re* pair, several Roads leading from the Market-house in the Town of Much Wen/ock, in the County of Salop, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Forrest er, Mr. Offley, Lord Gage, Sir John Turner, Mr. Coulthrope Clayton, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Webb, Mr. Medlytot, Lord Malpas, Mr. 'Trijl, Mr. Young, Sir William , Mr. Earle,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Digby, Mr. Sir

John Cuff, Mr. Sloper, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. eft on, Mr. Dalfton, Sir CBishop, Mr. Mr, Kytwfton, Mr. Lyster, Mr, Dodd, Mr. More, Mr.

Vol. *7.

Calvert, Marquis of Granby, Lord Dupplln, Mr. hend, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. ColMr. Hunt, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Champion, Sir William ther, Sir John Mordaunt, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Harris, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Fane, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Martin, Mr. Rebow, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. , Mr. Fel-

lowes, Mr. Charlton, Lord Parker, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Charles FrMr. Reynolds, Mr. Salttfbury, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Barbor, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Horatio

Walpole junior. Lord Robert , Mr! Thornhagh,

Mr. Shelley, Mi. White; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Salop, Stafford, Worcester, and Hereford, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meec this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market-house in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Herbert, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Martin, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Moore, Mr. Dawnay, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Granby, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Frederick, Lord Strange, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Custy Mr. Champion, Mr. Torke, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pelham, Sir Francis , Mr. Rigby, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Fane, Lord George Caveu-dish, Mr. Venables, Vernon, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Olmius,

M r. Rankes, Lord John Cavendish, Sir Thomas,

Mr. Hanger, Mr. Charles Frederick, Mr. Mr.

Chaplin, Mr. Barbor, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Turner, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Horatio Walpolt, junior, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr, Shelley, Mr. Whitt, Mr. Charlton, Lord Parker, Lord

Batman, Mr. Noel, Mr. George Brudenell, Lord Digby, Mr, Boone, Mr. Medlycott, General Holmes, Mr. son. Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Offley, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Webb, Lord Malpas, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. FUber, Mi. Earle, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Ofba/defton, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr, Hunter, Lord Gage j and all the Members whoserve for the Counties of Salop, Worcejltr, Hereford, and Stafford, and for the Prin-

cipality ot Wales: And theyare to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords', intituled, An Act for the Sale of several Lands in Bedford Level, the Estate of the right honourable Henry Earl of Lincoln, Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, and Katherine Counted of Lincoln, his Wife; and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments of as great or greater Value j and settling the said Lands, so to be purchased, to the same Uses as the said Lands to be (old are now settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Calvert, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gulfton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Cooke, Mr. More, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Webb, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Wat son, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Willey, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Frances Poole, Mr. Digby, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gore, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Freeman, Mr Colleton, Sir John Muft, Mr. Ellis, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Bond, Mr. Barbor, Mr. , Co-

lonel Pelham, Mr. James Brudenell, Mr. Jefferys, Mr.

' John Calvert, Colonel Mojlyn, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Fatjhawe, Lord Gage, Mr. Hill, Mr. Offley, Mr. Mr. Henry

Pelham, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Thomas Townshend junior, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Phillipjon, Mr# Thornhagh, Mr. George Brudenell,- Colonel Bofcawen Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Torke

Mr’

Ludlow Koa (is.

Earl of Lincoln's

Atf

relating to Quarantine*

wn'huJT

r.bttO/l

leave of Absence.

Toole

Harbour.

V, !u;

1’iuo^n

Fryar

Bacon’s

Study

Road.

Duufby,

&c.

Roads.

448 . 13 0 Febtuarii.': A. 1756.

Mr. Campbell, Mr. CLv«{y«</, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Tr'tft, Day of January last* was ma-Jc fro ill the Committee, to

Sir Thomas Hales, Mr, Peachey; and all the Members who whom the Petition of the Mayor Aldermen, Sheriff, Cirs-serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Surrey, zens, and Commonalty, of the City of Lincoln, and of the Lincoln, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, of the North Eastera Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker’s Cham- Parts of the County of and of the Inhabitants

ber. of the said City, and of the Towns of,

and , in the said County of , and of the

A Bill to explain and amend aClause in an Act, made Lords of Manors, and Proprietors of Estates, adjoining in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to the lload leading to and from the North End ot intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to per- Dunfby Lane, in the said County of Lincoln, over Lin-, form their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the coin Heath, to and through the said City of Lincoln, the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Bri- Bail and Close of and to Rijeholm

tain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alder- tier and Carrholm Gate, within the said City; and from ncy, Sark, or Man-,whereby the Rationing of Ships in- Carrholm Gate, in the said City of Lincoln, cross,

fefted with the Plague to the Northward of Cape Finif-Burton Fen, Haddo Fen, the Banks of the River Fojs, ter re is confined to the Harbour of New Grimsby, and re- over Bridge, Saxleby Moor, Thomey, Kettle thorp

moveable to no other Place; was read a Second time. Moor, through Fenton, Torkjey, Brampton Field, and Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Martin, to Littleburgh Ferry, and from the South East

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Corner of Kettlethorpe Moor, called through

of the whole House. Wheat Lane, Newton Common, Newton Town, and B.efolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Field, to Dunham Ferry, whole Names are thereunto fub-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fori bed , was referred, That the Committee had further upon the said Bill. examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-

rected hint to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes have Leave to go into the the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-Country, upon account of the Indifpoficion of his Lady, tenvards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

lane was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A Bill for the better ascertaining, recovering, and col- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, lesting, certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Mr. John said. That the several Hoads men-

Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the tioned in the Petition are in a very ruinous Condition, aivi Harbour of the Town and County of Poole, and also of in many Places very narrow: That several Parts of the Ballastand Doomage Duties payable in respect of Ships and said Roads are in the Winter Season overflowed, and that Vessels Coming into and going out of the said Harbour; the Laws in being are hot sufficient for repairing and wi-and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in Re- dening the fame.

pair, the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharfs; and Mr. John Becke confirmed Mr. Evidence,

for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or Mr. Richard laid. That it would greatly tend

near the said Town; and for establishing and regulating to the Amendment and Preservation of the several High-a nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets, in the ways leading, into the said Roads, if the Trustees of the said Town; was read a Second time. said Roads were impowered to enforce the Statute-work

Resolved, Hut the Bill be committed to Mr. Guljton, upon such Highways within a certain Distance of the said Sir John Cust, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gajhry, Roads.;

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Boives, Lord Hill/borough, Mr. Aid- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

worth, Mr. J Mitchell, Mr. Morton, Sir John Philipps, repairing and widening the Roads from the North End of

Mr. Proiife, Mr. Dig by, Mr. More, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Dunfby Lane, in the County of Lincoln, over Lincoln Onftow, Mr. Fe Howes, Mr. Sturt, Sir I Til Ham Calvert, Heath, to and through the City of , and the Bail

Sir John Turner, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Bayntun, and Clole of Lincoln, to the South West Corner of Rife-Nix. Ward, Mr. Yorke, Mr. West, Mr. Butler, Lord holm Hedge,z.x\d to Carrholm Gate, in the said City; and

Strange, Mr. Gore, Mr. FazakerUy, Mr. Herbert, Sir from Carrholm Gate, over Saxleby Bridge, to Drinfey Nook,

Edward Turner, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Wilkin-and from thence to Dunham and Littleburgh Ferries: and Jen, Sir John Croffe, Mr. Nugent, Mr. IVilly. Sir Richard for enforcing the Performance of Statute-work upon the

Lyttelton, Mr. IVhichcot, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Fisher, Highways communicating with the said Roads, to a cer-

Sir James Creed, Mr. Jones, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. Kynaston, tain Distance from the said Roads: And that Mr. Mon-

Mr. Moore, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Alderman son, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Vyner, and Mr.

Baker, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Bur- IVhichcot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. rell, Mr. Belc liter, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Wat son, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Cocks, . A Bill for rebuilding the Common Goal for the County Derby. Mr. Pelham, Mr. Rolinjon, Mr. Cartwright; and all of Derby upon a Place called Nuns Green, in the Liberty G*01, the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, De- of the Town of Derby, and for appointing a proper von, Cornwall, Somerset, Wilts, and Southampton; and Place for the safe Custody of Prisoners till such new Gaol all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet shall be completed; and to impower the Justices of the this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Peace for the said County to pay the Rent reserved to the Chamber. Corporation, for the said Ground, out of the County

Rates; was read a Second time.

Mr. Morton, presented to the House, according to Or- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Venables der, a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads Vernon, Mr, Henry Vernon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. A:son, Lord leading from a Place called Fryar Bacon's Study, through Carysfort, Mr. Bold, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Strange,

Bagley Wood, and through Abingdon, over Ock Bridge, Mr. More, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Mr. Fuller, Mr.

and through the Villages of Drayton, St event on, and Mil- Cooke, Sir John Cust, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bridgman, Mr.

ton, to Chilton Pond; and also from the Top of Hinksey, Powel Mr. Sir Calvert, Sir Edward Tw-

Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, on the Road leading to Far- ner, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Herbert,

ringdon, in the County of Berks: And the same was re- Mr. Ward, Mr. Si Drake, Mr. Berkeley,

ceived; and read the First time. ' Mr. Hume, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Med/yect,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Sir Cordel Sir John Turner, Mr. , Sir

Robert , Mr. Ashtton Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Mr. Monjon reported from the Committee, to whom Lifter, Mr. Mr.- Hardinge, Sir Charles Vernon,

the Report was re-committed, which, uponia/wr^flythea^th Sir Yoqge, Mr. Walter, Mr. tValpole, Mr. Townff 10

J

29 Geo. II.

field, Mr. Pane, Mr. Givynne, Mr. Gofhry, Sir John CrcJJe; and all the Members who ftrve lor the Counties of Derby, Stafford, Warwicks and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five or the Clock, in the Speakei’s Chamber.

Br*nce‘>eth An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain lutloliire. Wastes or common Grounds in the Pari Hi of Brancepeth, in the County of Durham, was read the Third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain YVaftes or common Grounds in the Parish of Brancepeth, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddlre their Concurrence.

Lincoln Mr. Wkichcot presented to the Koufe, according to Or-Heath, der, a gjj for repairing and widening the Roads leading Road. from EallSide of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough: and from the East End of Marham Lane to the Town of IValt on, in the County of Northampton', and from the Town of Bourne to the Town of Co fer worth; and from Donington High Bridge to the Croft Pod in tire Parish of Ha c con by; and from the East End of a Lane called Hale D\ one, to and through the d own of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quar-rington, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the Full time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wansford Mr. Barlor reported from the Committee, to whom Bridge the petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Bur-Stamford ge^es> of the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Road. Lincoln, and ether Inhabitants of the fame, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referied, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Laid Petition; und had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was rend; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Petitioners produced an Act made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Read from H ansford to Stamford: And,

Mr. William Smith, Surveyor of the fuel Road, laid. The Tolls collected, and £. 1,500 which hath been borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been expended in repairing the said Roads: That the Money borrowed remains unpaid, and that Two Years Interest is due upon the same:

That the Roads are now going to Decay, and that it , will not be possible to support them without a further Term and Powers are granted.

He then produced an Account of the Tolls, by which it appeared, that they produce, at a Medium, about f. 175 per Annum.

He further informed your Committee, That the Riads from Stamford to Stop!ford Bridge, and from thence to Bourne, are in so ruinous a Condition, that they arc not paflfable in Winter, but Travellers on hovfeback are obliged to go through private Grounds; and that the same cannot poflibiy be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for effectually amending und repairing the Road leading from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln; and for repairing the Road from the Borough of Stamford to Sta-pdejord Bridge, in the Parish of Ryhall, in the County of Rut~ land, and from thence to Bourne, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Bar bar, the Lord Carysfort, Mr. Thurjby, and Mr. Cartwright, do prepare, and bring in, vhe fame.

White Sheet A Petition of several Gentlemen, and othei Persons, \ whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near, and R°id* VOL. 27.

449

usually travelling through, the Road leading from Burton Elm, near Sherborne, in the County of Dorset, to Leigh Water, in the Parish oi Leigh, in the same County, containing in Length about Three Miles, being the great Road from Sherborne aforesaid to the Towns of Bemifier and Brief port, in the said County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; Get ting forth, That the said Road is very ruinous, and cannot be effectually amended unless some Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That in the Bill, for which Application has been made to the House, for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead St. Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Town of Shaftesbury, Milbornt Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties ot Dorset and Sctthffet, to the Half Way House in Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and al:o for flopping up a Lane called Pi ford Lane; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned; Provision may be made for repairing and widening the said Road from Burton Elm to Legh Water aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have iucii other Relief in the Premises as to the House (bail seem meet.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 261b Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of IVkite Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead St. Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Aiilborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerfd, to the Half Way House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower ( ompton, in the find County of Dorft, and several other Rv.acts near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and also of several Gentlemen and other Persons living near, or usually travelling through, the said Roads, and the Roads thereafter mentioned; was referred, be revived.

Ordered, That the said Petiih n, now presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the Act of Parliament fir restoring the Harbour ot Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness; and also the Petition of the Lieutenant of Dover Castle, and Assist tan ts, incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of Dover, whole Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Assistants; and also the Petition Qf the Mayor, Jurats, Common Council Men, Gentlemen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Dover, in ti e County of Kent; weie referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directeb him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s "Fable; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In order to prove the Allegations cf die f rft-mentioned Petition,

So much of a Report, which was made to the House upon the 25th Day cf February 1722, relating to the Harbours of Dover and Rye, as concerned the Harbour of Rye, was read.

And Fart of an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, lor completing the Repairs of the Harbour of Dover, \n the County ct Kent, and for restoring the H-arLour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to ltsai ciem Goodrich, was alfj read, whereby it appeared, that the Harbour ufAv* had formerly been found of great Ule and benefit to Trade and Navigation; but that the same was thenchoaked up, and almost 5 Y ruined.

13° Febru

450

13° Februarii.

A. 1756.

ruined, by the Shifting of the Beach without, and the Settling of the Sullage within, and by the hopping the Flux of the Tide; the ref re the said Act directed that the said Harbour should be repaired, and rctlored to its ancient Goodness.

Then a Report which was made to the House upon the 24th Day of February 1723, relating to the Harbour of Rye, was read.

And an Act made in the 10th Year of his laid late Majesty’s Reign, for making the said last mentioned Act more effectual, so far as the same related to the Harbour of Rye, was also read.

And an Act, made in the 11th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Terras and Powers granted and given by the before-mentioned Acts, for 21 Years, from the Expiration of the said Act of the 9th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, was also read.

Then a Report made to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated the 6 th of December 1743, by several Persons who had been appointed to iurvey the said Harbour of Rye, was read;

Wherein they observed, that the said Works had been carried on skilfully and frugally, and were well executed; and that when all should be finished, the new intended Harbour would be ul'cful to Trade and Navigation, it the Back Water kept the ffSrbour Mouth open; which they conceived it would: And by the same Report it appeared, that great Progress had been made in the Works of the said Harbour, and that there were several other Things necessary to be done, to complete the same: And,

Mr. Stephen West (Engineer, and who has lately surveyed the Works of the said Harbour) laid before your Committfee an Account of the necessary Works, with an Estimate of the Expence thereof, to complete the said Harbour, in making it navigable to the Town of Rye, amounting to£.26,009. 3*. t and said, that he thinks the Harbour may be made to be of great Uie to Trade and Navigation, and that it may prevent many Accidents, as it will hold 150 Ships of 300 Tons Burthen each, and as many small ones as ever will come in at a time.

Mr. ‘Thomas Cooke, Treasurer to Rye Harbour, produced an Account of Money which he had received from the Receiver General of the Customs, towards the Repair of Rye Harbour, from ift May 1738 to the 12th of May last, which, communibut annis, during that Period, amounted to about £. 1,600 per Annum; and he said the Money which had been borrowed to carry on the Works of the said Harbour, amounting to about £. 11,000, was all paid off: That the Money belonging to the Harbour had not been diverted to any other Uses; and that the Accounts had been annually settled and pafl'ed pursuant to the Directions of the Acts of Parliament; but that the Works are now flopped for want of Money.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the Matter of the Two other Petitions.

And, to prove the Allegations thereof, Mr. Robert Walker, Treasurer to Dover Harbour, laid before your Committee an Account of Money received and disbursed by the Treasurer of the Tonnage Duty of the said Harbour, from ift May 1737 to ift 1755 - And also.

An Account of Money owing for Works performed, and Materials delivered, for the Use of the said Harbour; by which it appears, that there is £. 1,069, 12 id. more due for Materials delivered on account of the said Harbour than there is Money in the Treasurer’s Hands for the Discharge thereof; and he informed your Committee, that there is due, on a Mortgage of the Duties belonging to the said Harbour, the Sum of £.3,000,

Then a Report, which was made to the House upon the 12th Day of February 1699, relating to the Harbour of Dover: And also.

An Act made in the 1 rth and 1 zth Year of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, were !ea<i; whereby it appeared, that the said Harbour had been found to be of very great Benefit to Vessels passing

through the narrow Seas, to avoid the Dangers of Tempers and Enemies, and likewise convenient for small Ships of War to refit and clean in; but that the same was very much gone to Decay, and in great Danger of becoming totally useless; and therefore the said Act directed, that a Duty should be laid upon certain Ships and Vessels therein described, for raising a Sum of Money for repairing the said Harbour; and it appeared to your Committee, that the Terms and Powers by the said Act granted have been, by several subsequent Acts, further continued till the ift Day of May 1765: And,

Mr. William Packham, being examined, laid, That he has known Dover Harbour many Years, and that great Progress has been made in the Works there; and by an Estimate, which he laid before your Committee, it appears, that the further necessary Expences for putting the said Harbour into proper Repair will amount to £.24,077.

Captain ’John Baze/y, being called, said. That, upon examining the Haven Books, he finds, that, besides the Vessels and Pacquets belonging to Dover, 16,125 Strips have, by Slrefs of Weather, been driven into Dover Harbour within these Thirty Years last pad, several of them without Anchors or Cables; and he particularly mentioned, that in 1752 a Ship drawing 18 Foot Water came in therewith Eight Fool of Water in her Hold.

Mr. Davidson Flint, Master of the Pilots at Dover, confirmed the Evidence given by Captain Baze/y ;and added, that he has known Ships of 5 or 600 Tons Burthen come into the said Harbour, and that the same is capable of great Improvements: And Captain Baze/y, being again called, said, That the Bason in the said Haris 400 Feet from East to West, and 500 Feet from North to South, and that it would make a fine wet Dock for small Men of War — That there were about 300 Sail of Prize Ships in the Harbour at a time in the late War, and that there are near 60 Sail French Vessels there now.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Softer, to its ancient Goodness; And that Mr. Gybbon, the Lord vi/le, Mr. George Cnjlmv, Sir Thomas Hales, and Mr,

Burrell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Crojfe presented to the House, according to Mallon’* Orderj a Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St.Peter, Westminster, and their Sue- Dean! Uc.

cessors, to make and grant unto ’James Mal/ors a Lease or of Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tene- Westminster, ments, and Hereditaments, comprtlecl within certain Limits, for a larger Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be fead a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Trustees for repairing windmill Old Street Road, to repair, widen, and make, a Road, Hill from the Sign of the Bed Lion on Windmill through Worship Street, to the Ditch Side, next the East End of Holy Well Mount, and through a certain Ground to the Sign of the London Apprentice in the Parishes of St. Luke, and St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; or to lay open, repair, and widen, a Road from the said Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into the Old Street Road, in the said County; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable the Trustees for repairing Old Street Road, to repair, widen, and make, a Road, from the Sign of the Red Lyon on Windmill Hill, through Worship Street, to the Ditch Side, next the East Side of Holy Well Mount, and through a certain Ground to the Sign of the London Apprentice in the Parishes of St. Luke, and St. Leonard

Shoreditch,

Charlton Horn Morn Cniircll Road*

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Mac Leod’s Estates.

20 Geo*II. 13 0 Februariu451

Shoreditch, in the County of or to lay open,

repair, and widen, a lioad from the said through

the Dog Bar, into the Old Street Road, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Protvfe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, usually travelling the Road from Charlton Hout horn Church, in the County of Somtrfet, to Mil-bourn Port, in the said County, was referred, That the

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth } viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Edward Croker said. That he knows the Road

mentioned in the Petition, which is very bad, and has been several times indicted: That at this time a Wheel Carriage cannot pass the Road: That l'ome Part of it is too narrow, and it cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. John Hallet, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Croker.

Ordered, That it be an Infirudion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond through -the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts-, and through Wincanton, to Charlton Houthorn; and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of in

Kilmington} and from Wincanton aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Cross Cate on Cattle Hill; and also from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from Charlton Houthorn Church to the Cross, in the Borough of Milborn Port, in the said County of Somtrfet.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lane and Mr. Waple Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Andrew Alves and Robert Dalrymple, Clerks to his Majesty’s Signet in Scotland, for themselves, and on behalf of many others. Creditors of Alexander Mackenzie, late of Fraferdale, was presented to the Houl'e, and read } taking Notice of the Attainder of the said Alexander Mackenzie, for High Treal'on, in the Year 1715} and alleging. That the Petitioners have Right, by sundry mesne Conveyances, to Two Sums of Money, mentioned in the Petition, due from the said Alexander Mackenzie before his committing the said Treason; for the Payment of which Sums, such Claims were entered in the manner prescribed, and within the Time limited, for that Purpose, by the several Statutes in that behalf made; and setting forth, that many other Persons, Creditors, or pretending to be Creditors, of the said Alexander,

enter edtheir Claims in like manner; but it not appearing, that any Estate belonging to the said Alexander became forfeited, or forfeitable, under the said Statutes, the Creditors did not infill for Decrees on their said Claims; nor did the Commissioners appointed for that Purpose ever take any of the said Claims under their Consideration, or make any Decrees with regard to them: and that it was lately discovered, that the said Alexander Mackenzie, at the time of his Attainder, was intitled to, and veil ed in, Two Adjudications affecting an Estate called AJfnit, in the County of Sutherland, for £. 3,000 Sterling, or thereabout: And further alleging, That the Interest in, or Right ovpr, the said Estate ot AJftnl, which thus belonged to the said Alexander Mackenzie^ and was forfeited by his Attainder, Vol. ay.

and the Produce, Price, or Value, which it shall yield when fold, are, by an Act passed in the 13th Year of his late Majesty, and by the other Statutes in that behalf, fub-jedted to the Payment of all the just and lawful Debts of the said Alexander, the forfeiting Person, for which Claims were duly entered, preferable to the Public’s having or taking any Benefit from his Forfeiture; and that if a Bill* now depending in this House, as they are informed, for veiling the said Two Adjudications (as now in the Crown) in Captain Hugh M'Leod, of Genies, should be passed into a Law, the legal Rights of the Petitioners, and the other just and lawful Creditors, of the said Alexander Mackenzie, may be prejudged, without so re Provision in the said Bill for their Safety and Relief: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners, and the other just and lawful Credi'ors of the said Alexander Mackenzie, who duly entered their Claims, under Consideration, that they may be heard, by Counftl, with respect to the said Bill, and have some Provision made therein for their Safety, or be otherwise relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of Amelia Frafer, Spinster, Daughter of the Mae Lead's deceased, Alexander Mackenzie, late of Fraferdale, for herfeJf, and on behalf of William Mackenzie, his Son, now abroad in his Majesty’s Fleet, as neared in Kin of Roderick Mackenzie, their Brother, who died in his Majesty’s Service at Cart/iagena, was also presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Roderick Mackenzie, Second Son of the said Alexander,

and his lawful Creditor in the Sum of 40,000 Merks Scots (that is, £.2,222. 4J. 6d.Sterling) duly entered his Claim for Payment of the said Sum; but that the said Claim was never taken under Consideration, nor any Decree made with respect to it: And alleging. That if a Bill, now depending in this House, as the Petitioner is informed, for veiling the aforesaid Adjudications (as now in the Crown) in Captain Hugh M'Leod, of Genies, the Right of the Petitioner, and the other neareftin Kin of the said deceased Roderick Mackenzie, may be hurt and defeated, without some Clause lalving the fame: And therefore, on behalf of the Petitioner, and others now interested in the Claim aforesaid, praying the House to take their same under Consideration, that they may he heard, by Counsel, as to the said Bill, and have some Provision made therein for their Safety, or he otherwise relieved in the Premises as the House foall think fit.

A Petition of Hugh Frafer Esquire, elded Son of the Ditto. Marriage between Alexander Mackenzie, late of Fraferdale and Amelia Lady Frafer, of Lovat, both deceased, was ajlo presented to the House, and iead; alleging. That the Petitioner is intitled to a Grant made by his late Majesty, of the Single and Lite-rent Escheats of the said Alex anderMackenzie, the Petitioner’s Father; and is also intitled to all or a very great Part of the Estate of Ajftnt, which the said Alexander Mackenzie had in virtue of Two Decrees of Adjudication thereof, that Hood in his Person at the time of his Attainder: and thar at the time of the said Attainder the Petitioner was a just and lawful Creditor to his laid Father in the Sum of One hundred thousand Merks Scots Money (that is, £.5,553. m. Sterling) payable at his Death, in conkquence of a Covenant or Obligation by the deceased Mr. Roderick Mackenzie, of Preston Hall, the Petitioner’s Grandfather, contained in the Marriage Settlement between his said Father and Mother, to the Payment of which the said Alexander Mackenzie was subject and liable as Heir served to, and universally feprelenting, his said Father: And alleging.

That if a Bill, now depending in this House, as the Y*eti-tioner is informed, for veiling the said Adjudications (as now in the Ciown) in Captain Hugh M'Leod, of Genies,

should pass into a Law, the Petitioner may be prejudged in his jull Rights: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same under Consideration, that he may be heard, by Coynlel, or otherwise, against the said Bill, or have lbme Provision made therein on his behalf, or be otherwise relieved in thcPicmiles ja to the House shall seem meet*;

Ordered,

452 139 — 16° Fe A. 1756.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to thcCon-lideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Hugh M'Leodof Genies, in that Part of Britain called Scotland, is referred: And that they do examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the lame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

Ah'*'" Speaker acquainted the House, That Wentworth

® ence. Odjarn Esquire, Serjeant at Arms attending this House, being so much indisposed with the Gout as not to be able to attend the Duty of his Office, desired the House to dispense with his Absence, in order that he may go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Odiarn have Leave to go to the Bath,' for the Recovery of his Health.

Tewkrfbury The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Road). Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of Tewkesbury to Cofcombe and

from Ifabefs Elm to the Top of Gotherington in

the County of Gloucester, and from Tewkesbury to a Farm-house called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Dircbfion in the Parish of Ripple, and to Ford Brook, and

from Breedon to E eking ton Bridge, in the County of tester\ and from Tewkesbury to Wainloads Bridge, and to the Three Mile Stone in the Turnpike Road from Tel bury to Cirencester, and from the Market-house in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from Burford to , near

a Tree called Puefdon Ash in the said County of Gloucester; was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating . to Lands planted, in order to prevent Materials being taken thence.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Boughton, The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the &c- Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for di-Inclosure. and inclosing the common Fields, common Paf-

tures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of and Pisford,

in the County of Northampton, was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question teverally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset,

Poole And the said Petition was read; taking notice of the Harbour, Bill, depending in the House, for the better ascertaining recovering, and collecting, certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods or Merchandizes into or out of the Harbourof the Town and County o {Poole-, and also of Ballastand Boomage Duties payable

in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, and the

n

Quays and Wharfs; and for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establi filing and regulating a nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets, in the said Town: And alleging, That if such Part of the said Bill, as relates to the Payment of the said Duties, should pals into a Law', w'ithout an Exemption in favour of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, it would be highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill, or that they may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, N ine of the Clock.

Lwtes, 16° die F;

Anno 290 Georgii II" Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Account House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parlia- °-fk>nens ment, an Account of Bounties on and Irish Linens ex^one ’

exported before the End of the Sections of Parliament of 27th of his Majesty, and paid in England out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, from 5th January 1755 to 5fh January 1756, together with the Quantities for which the same were paid.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other.

Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better ascertaining, recovering, Hartour. and collecting, certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods or Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Town and County of , and also of Ballast and Boomage Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in'Repair, the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharfs; and for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establishing and regulating a nightly Watch, and enlighten- -ing the Streets, in the said Town; is committed, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, in favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, referred to

the said Committee.

1 '

The Lord Milton presented to the House, according to Harnhmn Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Hiil the Top of HarnhamHill, near the City of New oa'

in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Blatidford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Inirenchment on AJ-

' herfwell Hill, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

"An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Hsmtifr’j impowering EJlher Hanmer, an Infant, to settle her Estates

pursuant to Articles entered into in Consideration of a

Marriage

:or

A*

Jt

d

s-

n,

',1

*vj

J

n-

is

,ir

1'

tiC‘.

a9

Geo. II.

16° Februa

453

Ja/rM*gilon,

Ro-d.

Marriage agreed upon between Cnrzon Esquire

and the Esther Hamer, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sir John Phi/ippt, Sir Mr

worth, Mr. Affluk, Lor i Cansfort, Mr.

Mr. Ma: h worth, Mr. Prow/i, Mr. Mr. Eger-

t',n, Mr. Cher'ton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Francis

Poole, Mr. Core, Mr. Founcreau, Sir Long, Mr.

Butler, Mr. Probyn, Sir Ceoige Yonge, Mr. Foley, Sir Cor del Fi’cbrcee, Sir lltllonyiiby Aston, Colonel -inoye, Mr. 6 I per, Mr. Barrow, M Mr. Herbert,

Mr. Bold, Lord Cnerr/es, Sir Lvich Cotton, Mr. Cnrzon,

Mr. BtlgCt, Mr. Hard, Mr. Non hey, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Greatheed, Sir Henry Grey, Sir Armine IFodchoije, Mr. Drake, Sir Roger Neivdigate, !Sir Claries Kemys L’ynte, Mr. L\fter, Mr. Medfycot, Mr. Vernon, Mv.Symmons, Mr. Berkeley. Mr.

Pent on, Sir John CroJJi; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Lane after, Bucks, Middlesex. Nottingham, and Leicester, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Bead from the Town of Furring dm:, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Crichlade, and from thence to the Town of Malmcfbury, in the County of #7its, and the Road from f lienee to join the Turnpike Road at Ac ton Turville, in the Coumy ot Cdoucsler-, and also tire Road from Let bury, in the Lid County, through Ahdmesbury aforesaid, to Chit penham BHd-ge; and the Road from Sherfton to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath; was read a Secon i time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Longs, Mr. Louverie, Mr. More, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bond, Mr. Eger ten, Mr. Gy b bon. Sir I Hi Hough by A ft on, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fozenjhend, Sir James Creed, Mr. Wigjey, Mr. Lockyer, Colonel IF hit more, Mr. Peoufte, Mr. ( Junius, Sir Charles Mai daunt, Mr. Probvn, Mr. Berks, S.r Edmund I [ham, Sir John Cust, Mr. Aldeurran Dick nf n, Mr.

Mr. Pa Ever,

0 Sir Francis Doctor Hay, r. In’oper, Mr. / vy* Mr. Cur-'vb- - i« rve for

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in thfe Town and County of Poole, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout *, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in g rolled.

Poole

Gate

Road.

Charing

Crok

ImprotcmeuU

Affleck, Mr. Symmons, Sir Jehu Philipps,

Sir John Crofe, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Char:

Pocle, Mr. cfhrr:ihagh, Mr. IVilkiujn,

Lord Milton, p»Jr. Eye, Mr. Barrozu, A Dausnay, Mr. Sehz: yu, My.GoJhry, Mr. L zeu, Mr. Mealy cot; and all the M rua . the Counties of IVitis, Berks, Gloucester, pr«o omufet: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five o: tin (hock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Willoughby

rled^c

KuiiU.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties v i lE'i/ts and Sonierfet, whole Names are thereunto subsciih.d, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Petition which has been presented to the House, that in the Bill, now depending, for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond lid!lough by Hedge, through the Town of A-love, in the County of H ilts, and through IVincanton, to Charlton Hout horn; and lro:n FFPlough by Hedge aforesaid to the Welt End of Lon? Lane in KHrahmton; and from Win-

o o '

canton a so re said to the Slier born Turnpike Cross Gate on Cattle Hill i and also from Win cant on to Sparkford, in the County of Scaster jet; Provision may be made lor repairing the Road from Chariton Phut horn to Milborn Port: And alleging, That in cale the Road mentioned in the said Petition should be directed to be repaired by the said JSill, it w ill lay the Petitioners under very heavy Duties, and render the Bill useless and ineffectual; and therefore praying, "That the said Bill may pals into a Law as it now Hands, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Couniel, in Support of the said Bill, against the said Petition, or have such other Relief as to the House Brail lcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir John Crojfe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, was referred, and to whom the Resolution of this House, of the 16th Day of January lad, was also referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him toreport the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Simpson, appearing before the said Committee on the 16th Inltant, said. That the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge have, in pursuance of certain Powers vested in them by several Acts of Parliament, opened a commodious Street from Whitehall to the New PalaceYard.

And Mr. John Bateman, appearing at the same time, said. That the Street leading from Charing Croft to Whitehall is much too narrow to receive the great Number of Coaches, and other Carriages, which are frequently obliged to pass along the said Street, which occasions many Accidents, and very frequent Delays.

A net Mr. John Legge, also appearing at the same time, conhvmed the above Evidence, and mentioned several Accidents which lie had seen happen from the Narrow-ness of the Street.

Then Mr. Zachary Chambers, who appeared at the same time, produced a Plan and Report of the Surveyor General of the Ciown Lands, in consequence of a Reference from the Commissioners of the Treaimy.

And by the said Report it appeared, tl a: if the said Street should be opened on the Well Side, it will be necessary to take down Nineteen Houses, whereof Five belong to his Majesty, and are let on Building Leaies, and the piefent Rents amount to -

And the other Fourteen Houses arc suppned to be Freehold, and are the Property ot different Persons, and the present Rents are about - - - - . 609 per Annum.

L

233 per Annum.

Total - £.842.

That the Value of the said Buildings, at 12 Years Purchase, amounts

to

And that the Value of the old Materials will probably fall short of the Expence of taking down the said Buildings, and clearing the Ground, about

10,104 —

200 —

£. 10,304 —

Out of which may hereafter probably be deducted, for several Pieces of Ground which will be left \Y e Award of the Line of the said Street, and which may probably be disposed of for

2,526 -

L 7>77s-----

ArA

LiOORie

454

16° Februafii.

A. 175

And by the said Report it further appeared, that the widening the said Street Eastwafd would amount to more than double that Sum.

And Mr. Chambers said. It would be attended with no great additional Expence, if the Street Westward was further widened, by taking away Part of the Yard of the Admiralty Office.

And, on the 19th Day of this Instant , the

Resolution of the House of the 16th Day of this Instant January, which was referred to this Committee, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Street between Charing Cross and " the Admiralty Office, leading to this House, is too " narrow, and ought to be repaired and widened, which " would prevent many Obstructions in passing to and "repaffing from this House."

Ordered, That the said Heport be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

HFootCd The Lord Reyflon presented to the House, according

River Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen

Drainage. Lands in the Isle of Ely and County of A lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hardlands of

Whicham, Wentworth, IVitchford, Dvzvnham, and Littleport-, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the , commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, and commonly called Lands: And

the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Gloucester, A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading R&c- from the City of Gloucester to the Smith’s Shop at or near °* a Place called Bedlam, being Part of the Road to Cheltenham, in the County of and also the Road

leading from the said City to the Road leading trom ! Tewkesburytowards Cheltenham, near the Hand and at Combe Hill, being Part of the upper Road to Tewkesbury aforesaid, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barrow, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Onslow, Mr. I Fig ley, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Cope, Mr. Palmer, Sir Francis wood, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. , Mr. Flore, Sir Cor del Fire brace, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Talbot, Mr . Proivfe, Sir EdmundIfluvn, Mr. Walter, Sir John Turner, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Olmius, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Philipps, Lore! North, Mr. Bond, Mr. Mr. Mr. Co/ebrooke,

Mr. Rankes, Mr. Bold, Mr. Mr. Hufley, Sir

Francis Poole, Sir Charles Mr. Elliot, Sir

Nicholas Bay ley, Mr. IViMr. Amy and, Mr. cel/es, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hunt, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Symmons, Sir IVi!lotghbyAflon, Mr. Mr. Shelley, Mr. Bacon,

Admiral Griffin, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Moore, Mr. Martin, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Hamilton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, , and Hereford, and for

South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Account Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this of Coal*. House, an Account of all Coals and Culm that have been exported out of this Kingdom to foreign Parts for Seven Years past, ending at Chriflmaslaft, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year, and the several Ports from which the same have been exported.

with the annuhl Interest or other Charges paid for the lame.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

And the said Amendments were read; and areas follow; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 27. Leave out " and, " and insert " shall " find: "

L. 29. Leave out " after: "

Pr. 14. L. 35, Leave out " Admiralty or:"

L. 36. Leave our " them respectively," and insert " him: "

L. 37. After " Book," insert " or if a Ma-

" rinc, without the Consent of the Lord High Admiral, " or the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time " being, first had and obtained.'’

The laid Amendments, being (everally read a Second time, were, upon the Question i'everally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament Hr repairing the Highways leading to Highgaie Gate House and,

and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was

presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Application which has been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a new Road from Paddington to Isling'on, in the said County; and alleging, that the Road already made at a very great Expence, under the Direction of the said Acts, leading from Tottenham Court, through Fig Lane, to Battle Bridge, will answer all the Purpoi’es of the said Application, lb far as the same relates to a Road from Tottenham Court to aforesaid;

and that if a new Road should be directed to be made cross the Fields from Tottenham Court to Battle Bridge, the same will be attended with more Expence than the Trustees under the said Acts can supporr, and will either lessen the Securities under the said Acts, or occallon the levying of larger Tolls than otherwise would be necessary: And therefore praying. That no new Road may be made crols the said Fields , but that the said Road from Tottenham Court, through Fig Lane, to Battle Bridge, may be a Part of the said new Road from Paddington to Islington.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of George Hanover Square, Paddington, Saint Mary le Bone, Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George's Bloomsbury, Saint Andrew's Holborn, and Saint Mary in the County of Middlesex, and of several of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, and of the Cities of London and Westminster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House,

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

As-ount of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-Po'o;ic 1>.b . count of all the publicDebts at the Receipt of iiis Ma-,'efty’s Exchequer, dueor (landing out at Christmas last,

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Paddington New Road.

*.Vay$ and Men*

Bridge at Hay.

Wigge^a

Name.

Sutton upon the Foidi Leisure.

Lincoln

Heath,

&c.

Roads.

Derhv,

Zed.

Rand.

29 Geo. II.

170 Februa

455

M

Fuller, Mr. Mr. Hobart, Mr. Gore, Mr.

inge, Lord Mr. Bacon, Sir William Calvert,

Mr Mr. Finch, Mr Mr. Colebrooke,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Molyntux, Mr. Mr. Nor they,

Mr Mr. Bold, Sir Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Brudenell, Sir John Turner, Mr. Walpole, Mj. K. Gwyme pfefcntccl to ;lie House, according to Phillip[on, Mr. Legge, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Cocks, Lord

Order, a Bill for building a Bridge across the Dozvue, Mr. Stanhope, Sir John Mr. Lejlie, Mr.

Mar thy 17* 'Februarii;

Anno if Georgia IIdl Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

River Wye, from the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, to the opposite Shore in the County of Radnor: And the same was received; and read the First time. 'Reju/ved,'lint the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Mr. Thornhagk, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Powell, Mr. Follower, Lord Digby, Mr. Lafctlles, Sir Henry Mr. Moore, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Potter, A Message from the Lords, by Mr. tloljord, and Mr. Mr. Shelley, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Las*, Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Wigget Esquire, now called liam Buizcer, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname

and Arms of Bulwer, pursuant to the Will of William

Bu/wer Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and iudoling Eve nil Fields, Meadows, and

Pitt, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Hoivard, Mr. Dawttay, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Locke, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Rd. Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Page, Sir Willia and all

the Members who lerve for the Counties of York, Leicester, Lancaster, Stafford, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for appointing a sufficient Number of Con-

Commons, in the Township of Sutton upon the Forest, in stabies for the Service of the City and Liberty of West-the County of York -, and for giving Compensations in and to compel proper Persons to take upon them

lieu of Tytht s to the Impropriator of the Keftory, and the Vicar, of Sutton aforelaia: To which the Lords de-fire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mcilcnsers withdrew.

Appointing

Constable*

in

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Refill-rd. That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough; and from the East. End of Marham Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton-, and from the Town of Bourne to the Town of;

and from Donington High Bridge to the Cross Poll in the Parish of llacconby, and from the Fall End of a lane

called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford to the End of Long Hedge in the Parish of Qitarrington, in the County of Lincoln; was read a Second time.

Refihed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Wortie\, Mr. Monson, Mr. Bay Mr.

Mr. Herbert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fairfax, Lord George Cavendish, Sir John Cu/r, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Curzcn. Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Fuller, Mr. She!icy, Mr. Mar-

the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances within the Ac said City and Liberty, Was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

R.efolved. That this House will, Upon this Day Seven-night, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House,

O'

upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of t/wen British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Manufactuc*; Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejched, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for establishing

//;/, Sir Francis Rooky Mr. Cartwright, Mr. West, Mr. Prowse, Mr. ILininigc, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gyhbon, Mr. Young, Mr. Onslow, Sir Charles M or daunt y Mr. Smndys, Sir Rf:!*/: PLJhanky Sir John Philipps, Lord Hobart, JMr. Turner, Sir George Lee, Colonel/-^, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. IVi//v, Mr. Finch, Doctor Hay, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Crozvle, Mi*. Vyiicr, Sir IVilium Codrington, Mr. Harvey, Mr. J:hn Gore, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr* Lewis, Mr. Ti.fj'ueJf Mr. Rankes, Mr. IVilkhifon, Mr. Lane, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Fane, Mr. Alcdiycni, Lord Malpas, Mr. George Brudenell, Mr. Tlionihaghy Mr. Hayes, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. San ays, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Nugent, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr tVII/es; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, York, Lticester, Northampton, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet th is Afternoon at Five or the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the White Stoop near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Chesterfield, in the

a Fund for Payment of the Bedford Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of Lcvc\ the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the ^or^'otl Fens, called Bedford Level, and for exchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels,

Part of the said Great Level; and for enabling the said Corporation to borrow further Sums for the Use of the said Great Level; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Aid-worth, Mr. Fellozves, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Calvert,

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Talbot, Colonel Haldane, Mr* Martin,

Mr. Gajhry, Mr. HuJJey, Mr. Potter, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Yorke, Doctor Hay, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Curznn, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Strange, Mr. Stanley, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Foley,

Mr Bond, Mr. Affleck, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Sandys,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Onslow, Sir Matthezv Lambt, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Hardingc, Mi. Morris, Mr. IViikinson, Lord Fane, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Henley, Mr. Townshend, Lord Pulteney, Mr. Archer, Lord Bateman, Mr. Vyner junior. Colonel Waldegrave, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Henry Vernon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Brand, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Morton, Mr.

County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County Baptist Leveson Gower \ and all the Members who serve of York; and from the said Town of Dnffield, to the for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Suffolk, Nor-

Moot Hall in the Town of hVirksworth, in the said County of JDerbv; was read a Second time.

Rejbi'Vcd, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Cnrzou, Mr. Herbert, Mr. VOL. 27.

folk, Lincoln, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Atternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The

c-

456

i 70 — 18°

A. 1756.

Rarr.fgate The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Harbjur. rcf0]ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, Plans, and other Papers, which were presented to the House upon Tuesday the 20th Day of January la ft, relating to the Harbour of Ramsgate;

Ordered, That the said Report, Plans, and other Papers, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Haldane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Haldane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, i S° Februarii;

Anno 29° Georgii Hdl Regis, 1756. Prayers.

A

BILL for repairing and widening several Roads

Fryar

Bacon’s fy\ jeac]jngr from a Place called Frxar Bacon s S/udv,

1111 e y D r y ’

Ro^dk through Bagley Wood, and through Abingdon, over Ock Bridge, and through the Vdlages of Drayton, Si event on, and Mi!ion, to Chilton Pond; and also from the Top of Hinkfev mu to Foxcombe Hill Gate, on the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morton, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. FeHaves, Mr. Northcy, Mr.

'Mitchell, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

General Onslow, Mr. Martin, Mr. Synimons, Mr. John Martin, Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Cor del Fire brace, Mr. Kyncfton, Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Nic/iolJon Calvert, Mr. More, Colonel Haldane, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. AJJleck, Mr. Aldworih, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Alderman Didinjon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gore, Mr. Moore, Mr. Free-man. Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Folev, Mr. Watson, Mr. lJardinge, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Barrow, Sir William. Calvert, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Med/y-cot, Mr. Ga.fhry, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Nugent, Mr. JFilly, Sir Charles Kernys Tynte, Sir John Turner, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Keek, Lord Upper Ojjory, Sir Rd. Warwick Batnp-fxlde, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oa/W, Berks, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Westminster Ordered, That Sir John Glynne, Lord Bateman, Mr.

fish Vyner, Mr. Francis Delaval, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. John; aiket, Delavcd, Colonel Whitmore, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Hughes is referred.

Ker.ftn^on Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr.

Rates.*1 Smith, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Martin, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bel elder, Mr. Hammond, Sir William Calvert, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestry, of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said Parish, is committed.

F.xeter Sir Richard Harwich Bampfylde reported from the Roaus. Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more

effectual qn A(51, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same true; and that the Committee had gene through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put DarWci in Execution an Act of the 24th Year of his present Ma- Rcuis* jesty’s Reign, for repairing the high Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to Wefi Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County therein mentioned, and of others of the Counties ok Durham and York, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Petition, which has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and make more effectual, the said Act, and for augmenting the Toils thereby granted; and alleging, that, unless the Term granted by the said Act be enlarged, it will be ini-possible to repair the said Reads, and repay the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls: And thcrcfoie praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for enlarging the Term granted by the said former Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Barnard, Mr. Bowes, Mr.

AJJleck, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Wifi,

Colonel Haldane, Mr. Walfcn, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Dodd,

Mr. Sloper, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gore, the Marquis cf Winchester, Mr. More, Mr. Blunter, Mr. Kynaston, Lord John Murray, Mr. Norther, Mr. Mydddion, Mr. Onfiow,

Lord Galway, Mr. Calvert, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr.

Evelyn, My. Potter, Mv.Fellowes, Mr. Hume, Mr. Ellis,

Mr. Bayntun, Colonel Lefiie, Mr. A Id worth, Mr. Morton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harvey, Lord Mai pas % Mr. Martin,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wilklnfon, Mr. Med-lycot. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Philips, Mr.

Powell, Mr. Fonnereau; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland,

West mor eland, Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Account before this House, an Account of the gross and net Pro- q f^xs duce of the Duty on Cards and Dice for Seven Years lall pail; distinguishing each Year.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Boxes, an Act, passed in the 21 ft Year of the Reign of his p;c-sent Majesty, for repairing the high Road from the Town R(>1 of Bowes, in the County of York, to Bernard Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Stain-drop, to Nezvgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgale, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundiefs Bridge, and from thence, by Melderston Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham; and for making the same more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Barnard, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Onflozv, Mr. Ellis,

Mr. Calvert, Sir John Mor daunt, Mr. More, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Cartwright, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Northey, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cust, Mr. Dodd, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Thorn hag h. Colonel Lefiie, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Dodingtcn, Mr. Martin, Sir Rd. Warwick Bampfylde,

Mr.

29 Geo. II.

18° Februa

451

Mr. Furneffe, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Galway, Mr.

Mr. Wat Jon, Mr. Cope, Mr. Mr. Hayes, Mr.

Mackenzie, Mr. Godo/phin, Mr. Mr. GaJJny, Mr. Lyfier, Sir Charles KernysTynte, Mr. Mr.

Aldworth, Mr. Grenville, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lewis, Mr. IViikinfcn, Mr. Affleck, Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Mr. Oswald, Mr. Horatio Mr. Mackworth,

Annexed to Mr. Jeake's Petition, N* x.

E. Copy of another Petition of Mr. Jeaketo Governor

Knowles, praying to be discharged out of CuP tody — ,

Annexed to Mr. Jeake's Petition, N6 N° 2. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, referring Mr. Jeake's Petition and Papers to a Committee of

Mr. Bapt. Levejoti'Gower, Lord Panmnre, Mr. Tkornhagh, the Privy Council — dated 9th January 1755

Lord Ma/yas; and all the Members who serve for the ~ ~

Counties of Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, W eft -moreluud, Lancaster, and York:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mary-le-bone Streets, &c.

IN° 3. Copy of a Report of the Committee of Council to his Majesty, upon the Petition of Samuel Jeake — dated 21 ft January 1755.

N° 4. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, approving the Report of the Committee upon Mr. Jeake's Petition* and directing Francis Delap to be immediately An ingrossed Bill for the better regulating the nightly discharged, upon giving Security, V.; and requiring Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and Governor to return his Answer to thefaiu Petition

paving the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, of Complaint without Delay — dated 23d r 75 r.

and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulat- N®5. Copy of a Representation of the Governor and ing the Poor, within the Parish of St. Mary le Bone, in the Council of Jamaica to his Majesty, relating to the Crimes County of Middlesex, was read the Third time. and Misdemeanors committed by Francis Delap, late

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Provoll Marshal of that Island, dated nth November be, An Act for the better regulating the nightly Watch 1754.

and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, N° 6. Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, refer-the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and re- ring the aforegoing Representation of the Governor and pairing the 1 iiglnvays and Causeways, and regulating the Council of Jamaica toa Committee of the Privy Council, Poor, within the Parish of St. Mary le Bone, in the County dated the 3d of April 1755.

Bongliton,*

&r.

Iodoiure.

of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lord:-, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common FiclJ', e mm on P flures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Bonghtunand Pi ford, in the County of Northampton,

was read t lie Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title b\ An Act for dividing and inc'ofing the common Fields, cocnim n P ft ms'-O iron Meadows, common Grounds, and w. ft. Grounds, in the several Parishes of and Pisford, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pin-r*

rH| r <r Jamaica.

N°7. Copy of a Letter from Governor Knowles Mr. Sharpe, Clerk of the Council, dated 1510 May 1755; inclosing.

Copy of an Address and Representation of the Governor and Council of Jamaica to the King in Council, dated 13» h May 1755; together with a Narrative of their Proceedings again A Francis Delap, by way of Answer to the Petition of Complaint of Samuel Jeake in behalf of the said Francis Delap:

Copy of the Governor and Council of Jamaica's Representation to his Majesty, relating to Francis Delap:

Copy of the Minutes of the Governor and Council of Jamaica, relating to Francis Delap:

Copy of the Resolutions of the Afleuibly of relating to Francis Delap:

Copy of the Address of the Assembly of Jamaica to Governor Knowles, relating to Francis Delap:

Copy of Mr. Delap's Power of Attorney to Mr. Price, and others, to deliver over to the new Provost Mar-Ihal the Books and Papers belonging to that Office, on receiving proper Security:

Copy of Mr. Delap's Letter to Messieurs Price,

and Morse, dated 3d 1754, relating to his

being suspended, and defiling their Advice with regard to the Execution and Returns of Writs of Election, fftc.

Copies of several Affidavits, Letters, and Examinations, relating to Francis Delap.

N°8. Copy of the Order of the Lords Justices in Copy of a Memoiandum, dated 15th August 1754, Council, referring to a Committee of the Privy Council of Mr. Delay's having retained Mr. Jeake as his the Address and Representation of the Governor and Coun.'el — Council of of the 13th 1755; and also

Annexed to Mr. Jeake's Petition, N° 1. the Narrative and other Papers therewith transmitted,

B. Copy of Mr. Jeake's Letter to the Deputy Marshal dated 26th August 1755.

of Kingston, dated 3d October i 754, infilling upon Together with a Lilt of the said Copies.

Mr. Secretary Foxpresented to the House, pursuant to theii Address 10 his Majesty,

Cope s of fitch of the Papers contained in the Address of this House to his Majesty of the 23d of January last, as have been tansmitted from the Island ot Jamaica to his Majesty in Council, or to the Lords of his Majesty’s tnoft hon> li able Privy Council; viz.

N° 1 Copy of the Petition of Samuel Jeake Esquire, in behalf of Fi amis Dclap Esquire, late Provost Marshal of Jamaica, complaining of Governor Knowles for having caused the said Fraud: Delap to be confined in Prison, and in Lons; and praying Relief ;lodged in the Council Office, 71 h January 17 .,5.

A

Mr. Delay's Right to advise with him as his Counfd —

Annexed to Mr. Jeake's Petition, N° r.

C. Copy ot’ Air. Jeake's Petition to Governor Knowles, felting forto his being in Custody at;

and praying the Governor’s Orders to be fee at Liberty —

Annexed to Mr. fake's Petition, N® r.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of William Bollan Esquire, Agent for his Majesty’s Province of the Massachusetts Bay in New -

D. Copy of Mr. Jeake’s Affidavit, dated 3d October was presented to the House, and read; taking No-

1754, of Mr. Delay's being in Custody, and of tice of the Bill depending to enable his Majesty to grant

fns being impo’.vered to apply for a Habeas Corpus; and also, Copy of Mr. Jeake's Letter to Cliii / Justice Pianock, dated 5th October 1754; praying such Habeas Corpus —

\ CL.27.

Commissions to a certain Number of foreign Protestants, who have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications; and recit-

6 A ing

Allowing

foreign Protetfanti to hold Comaufiioni.

i.8° FebruariL

A. 1756.

ing the 5th Provision contained in -the Third Seel ion of

nn A Cl, made in the 12th Year of King William the

♦Third, for the further Limitation of the Crown, and

bettei f curing the Rights and Liberties of the Subic A;

and alleging, that enabling foreign Officers to hold Comer' *-> O o

fniflions in North America, in ft cad of facilitating the Le~ vies proposed to be made there, w.li, in a great degrees prevent his Majesty's natural-born Subjects in MoJJachu* Jetts Bay from entering into his Majesty’s Service: Taat the railing and arming such a Number of Foreigners a9 may be inhfted into the Regiment proposed by the said Bill to be raised in North America (which Number may amount to near Four thousand Men), and the enabling Foreigners, Strangers to North America, and not Subjects of Great Britain, to hold Commissions from the Crown in that Regiment, will create a general Uneasiness in his Majesty’s Subjects in that Country, and be a lifting Dii-cou agementto all tlicfe, who, in the last War, and during the prdent Disturbances in North America, have voluntarily and chearhilly raised and commanded provincial.Corps, and which have done very feasonable and important Service to their Country: And theref. re praying, in behalf of his Majesty’s Province of the fitts Bay, that the Petitioner may be heard, by himself or Count'd, against the said bill; and that the same may not be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

left Sefti in of Parliament, for establi filing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch wuhin tl.eCitv of

Brijhl; and that the said Act may he more effectually carried into Execution; and complaining, that extreme id L its have been made of the Powers giv. n by the said Act, by nominating Night Constables and Watchmen of very bad Characters, who have been guilty of many and great Irregularities, and have even committed a moll horrid Murder, with many Circunistances of Cruelty, and by attempting to make grievous and unequal Rales; and aiding* that the Petitioners despair of being re, ieved under the prdent Law, as the Parties aggrieved cannot thereby appeal to any Persons but those who nominate such Constables and Watchmen, and confirm and cflabiilh such lfates: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselvesor Counsel, in relation to the said Bill, before the same pass into a Law; and that proper Claufts may be added thereto, to prevent or rdtrain such and the like Abuses and Grievances for the future, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, a Claute in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of is

committed.

American Revived, That an humble Address be presented to his Coomci. most humbly to entreat his Majesty, That

he will be graciously pleased to order to be laid before this House, Copies of Two Petitions from the Inhabitants of P/ii/adelphia, presented at divers times to his Majesty; viz, lometimc before the Conclusion of the Peace of Aix la Ckapdle, and since 1755 touch-

ing the detence'eis State of the Province of and the Causes thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Counsel.

Ditto, Revived, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, rnest humbly to entreat his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order to be laid before this House, Copies of all Petitions, which have- been presented to his Majesty within Twelve Months last pail from the Inhabitants of Pensylvania, touching the defenceless State of the said Province; together with Copies of all Reports made, and all Proceedings had thereupon; and ailo of ail Reports made, and all Proceedings had, upon the Two Petitions from the Inhabitants of Philadelphia, presented at divers times to his Majesty;

viz.fume time before the Conclusion of the Peace of Aix la Chapelle, and since October 1755, touching the defence-ids State of the Province of and the Cauies

thereof.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Account Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to his of reduced Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Di-Ctficers, &c. j-eftions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, with their reljie&ive Ages, Ranks, Dates of their Commissions, and the Regiments they last served in.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this Heuse as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Btfftol Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Witch. anc* °ther principal Inhabitants, of the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented to the House, for a Bill to explain and amend a. Clause in an Act passed in the

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to corifider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of foreign Protestants, who have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Reltric-tions and Qualifications, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes, j } «3-

So it was re'olved in the Affiimative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who are in and about the Town, do attend the Service of the House upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ro consider of the Report, Plans, and other Papers, which were presented to the House upon Tuesday the 20th Day of January last, relating to the Harbour of Ramsgate, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Supply.

Allowing

foreign

Protenant#

to hoi l Commissioni.

Membm

to attend the House;

Ramfgite

Harbour.

r-i

9 Gko. II.

i 96 Febru

Pool

Ro*us.

Answer to Address for Papers.

M.illors’

Leaffrom ihe Dean &c. of

Westminster

Ripon,

Arc.

Road.

Bowes,

See.

Rouds.

jfovis, 190 di;

Anno 290 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

/? ii. Kynaston presented to the House, according to JLV A Cider, a hi'l to repair and widen the Roads from the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and also the Road f'on. Ktwckin, in the County of Salop, to Llanrhaider in Mochnunt, in the County of Denbigh: And the same was revived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ti e Lord Hobart reported to the House, That their {eve.al A ,drcflesof Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pkafed to give Directions, that the Papers and Account therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had co mmanded him to acquaint this House, That he v\ill give Directions accordingly.

A Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Mailers a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a larger Term ot Years than they are at present enabled to grant, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Crnjje, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Onslow, Mr. A my and, Mr. Cartwright, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ai-ftahie, Mr. Lyfler* Lord Downe, Mr. Wat [on, Mr. Rigby, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Vernon, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Martin, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Cooke, Mr. hlorton, Mr. More, Mr. Harvey, Mr Olmius, Mr. Alexander, W\ Gybbon. Mr. CreTwell, Sir Francis Poole, G a :,il Onslow, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr Monson, Mr. IV ftp ka'hig, Mr. Berry, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Scot, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hi lies, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. G id ft on, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties 01 Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Siffex, and for the Cinque P^rts: And they are to mevt this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Sp: :aku’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the high Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Patch Bridge, in the County of York, was read a S.^ond time.

llefoved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Downe, Mr Rigby, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Morton, Mr, Earle, Mr. Wat-Jon, Mr. Prowse, Lord George Sackvil/e, Colonel Bof-cazven, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Vernon, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Cybbon, Mr Digbx, Mr. FVev, Mr. Pelham, Mr. More, Mr. S/a’/At, Mr. Evelyn, Sir [7'j/b; Crepe, Sir yb/o/ Turner, Mr Dazvnay, Mr. /V/-loices, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Bayniv.n, Mr. Gore* Mr, Lewis, Mr. Lyjhr, Mr. Med/ycit, Mr. Thifi/ethzcayte, Mr. Bni-denell, Mr. Affleck, Sir Thomas Hales; and all the Members who lerve f >r the Counties ot Durham, York, Northumberland, Cumberland, IV\ftmcr eland, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen. Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, Manufacturers and other Inhabitants, within the Hundred or District of Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto ublcribed, in behalf of themselves, and all other the Inhabitants within the said Districft, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Ap-

Vol. 27. - # ‘ ~ V

459

plication which has been made to the House, for a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 21st Year of his present Majesty’s IL.gn, for repairing the high Road leading from the Town of Bowes^ in the County of York, through certain Places therein named, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from thence, through certain other Places therein mentioned, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham; and alleging, that, in case aTurnpike be erc6ed on that Part of the said Road, which lie* between Newgale in Bishop Auckland aforesaid and the Town of West-Auckland, or in the said Town of West Auckland, whereby Carriages going empty for* or returning laden with, Coals or Cinuers, will be liable to pay any Toll, the same w ill be a very great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and all other Persons redding in the said Dillrid; and that the Petitioners only make use of a very small Part of the said Road, and that in the Summer Season only, the Highways leading thereto being impafikble with Carriages in the Winter: And therefore praying, That a Chub may be inserted in the said Bill, That no Turnpike or Toll-bar shall be erected in or near the said Town of West Auckland, nor between West Auckland and Newgate in Bishop Auckland aforesaid; or that such other Reliet may be provided for the Petiti ners, touching the Premises, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 21 ft Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high Road from the Town of Bozaes, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the county of * Durham, and from thence, through Statndrop, to NezA-gate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaund’efs Bridge, and from thence, by Mel-derfton Gill, to the Turn, ke Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham\ and for making the same more effectual; is committed.

Mr. Gybbon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament, Hr repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goo iness: And the same was re* ccived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill 10. repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, anJ through fVincanton to Charlton Hour horn, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to tho West End of Long Lane in Kil-mington; and from fVincanton aforesaid to the Skerlftm Turnpike CroS Gate on Caitie Hill; and also from Win-canton to Sparkfvrd, in the County of Somnfet; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allega* tiom of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendment t ereuntOi wi lth theyhaddiredted him to report 10 toe House; and he read the Report in his PI ace, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk ? fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout $ and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severaliy put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Dig by repored fom the Committee, to whom the 5^ Petition of the Trustas aopomud to put in Execution an Mill

Rye

Harbour.

Act, made in the 26U1 Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for icpairing. nd widening the Road from theTop of 'White Sheet Hill, in the Pardh of Don head St. Andrew*

in

Road.-

Bristol

Watch.

190 Februarii.

A. 1756.

in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaft ef-bury, Milborne Port, and She, in the Counties of

Dorset and Somerset, to the Haf House in the Parish

of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorft, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shajlef-buryand Sherborneaforesaid; and also of several Gentle-

men, and other Persons, living near or usually travelling through, the said Roads, and the Roads thereafter mentioned; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, whbfe Names are thereunto subscribed, liv-ingnear, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from Burton Elm, near Sherborne, in the County of Dorset, to Leigh Water, in the Parish of Leigh, in the same County, containing in Length about Three Miles, being the great Road from Sherborne aforesaid to the Towns of Bemijierand Bridport, in the said County of;

were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Part of the said Act of the 26th of his present Majesty was read: And,

Mr. John Martin, being examined, said, That great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, but that ihe Tolls granted by the said Act are inefficient effectually to repair and widen the fame; and that the said Act has, in several other respectbeen found defective; and that the Payment of the Tolls granted by the said Act is frequently evaded by Travellers passing through a Lane Called Pinford Lane, near Sherborne, which Lane it is necessary to stop up, and that he a^ prehends It may be done without any Inconvenience; And he further said, That the several Other Roads described in the said Petition are in a ruinous Condition, and in several Places too narrow; and that the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being is insufficient to repair and widen the lame.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Martin, being examined, said, That the Road described in the said Petition, by reason of the Bad-nel's of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing along the lame, is become very ruinous; and that the said Road cannot, by the Laws in being, be effectually amended and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th Year of the Ileign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead St. Andrew, in tire County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half Way House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of; and ieve-veral other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and for repairing other Road* adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned: And that Mr. Digby and Mr. Prowje do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Sandy sreported from the Committee, to whom the Till to explain, amend, and render more effectual, a Clause in an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishir.g, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and nude several Amendments thereunto; which they had clirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report n his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Rcjxxt was read.

18

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severaliy put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Cor.fiJeration of the said Report be aJjourncd till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Qiinttly:ng indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- for Offices, selves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that Sir John CroJJ'e and Mr. Alderman Dickinfoudo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads , leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of While Parish, in the County of Wilts, to Roatjs-the Top of DunwoodHill, and from thence over

Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Ronfey to

Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of White Parish, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through RomfeInfra, to Hunured Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Thi/llelhwaytedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Tradesmen, Innholders, and other Paddintrton Inhabitants, of t he Pari fires of St. Giles in the Fields, St. New George, Bloomsbury, and Saint AndHolborn, in the County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was pretented to the House, and read; uking notice of the Petition which has heen presented to tae House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a new Road across the Fields f ora Paddington to in

the said County: And alleging, That, should fuel. Road be made, the same will be a very great Prejudice to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard against the said Petition, or have such otiier Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And a Motion being made, and the Quefb m b ing put. That the said Petition be referred t - the Confi e action of the C -mmittee, to wivnn the Pet tiou of f.v al of the Inhabitants of the Pa ifhes of St. George Hanover Square, Paddington, St. Mary-le-bone, St. Gdes in the Fields, St. George’s Bloomsbury, St. Andrew's Holborn, and St. Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and of several of the Gentlemen, Farmers, 1'radefmen, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, and of the Cities of London and Westminster, whole Names are thereunto

subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Linen, and Mer- pjnfn chants, in the City of G/t^oro, was presented to thcH >use, Mmunaura and read; taking notice, that a H I) is ordered to be brought in, as the Petitioners are informed, lor granting a Bounty on British and Irish Linen exported at and under Eighteen Pence per Yard, and for takii g off the Duties upon foreign Yarn imported; and representing to the House the great Damage and Lois which the Petitioners allege mull arise to Britain in general, and to that Part of the united Kingdom, and the Petitioners in particular, if such a partial Bounty is granted, without at the same time giving proper Encouragement for the fine Linen Manufacture, which the Petitioners allege is of much more Consequence to the Country than the Coarle: And further alleging, That the- Duty on toneign Yarn being taken

Line n M !»uf<»c-

lures.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Harbour.

29 Gilo. II. 190 — 20° Februarii. 461

taken off will ruin Thousands of Families, who have no other Way of Subsistence but by spinning: And therefore praying, That the said Bounty may net be granted, unlei's at the same time proper Encouragement be given to the fine Linen; and that the taking off the Duty upon foreign Yarn may never pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Magistrates, and Manufacturers of Linen, in the Town of Paisley, was also presented to the House, and read; representing the great Lois and Damage which the Petitioners allege must arise to their Country, and to the Petitioners in particular, if the Bill, which, as the Petitioners are informed, is ordered to be brought in for granting a Bounty on Briti/J?and Irish Linen at and under 18d. per Yard exported, and for taking off the Duties on foreign Yarn imported, pass into a Law: And praying. That tuch Bill may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Kingston upon Hull: And also,

A Petition of several Merchants, Importers, Dealers in, and Manufacturers of Flax, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; representing several ill Consequences which the Petitioners allege will arise from taking oft' the Duties upon the Importation of foreign Yarn: And therefore praying. That the Bill depending in the House for that Purpose may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered toberc-reterred to the Consideratton of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill forgrantinga Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported, is committed.

A Petition of the Fellow ship of En?Uf!i Merchants for discovering ot new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House several ill Consequences which the Petitioners allege will arise to the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, to the Employment of the Poor, and to the Manufacture of Linen Yarn in Great Britain, from taking off the Duties upon the Importation of foreign Linen Yarn: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Colonel Haldane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report, Plans, and other Papers, which were presented to the House upon Tuesday the 20th Day ot January laid, relating to the Harbour oc Ramsgate, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report betaken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine ot ttie Clock.

Veneris, 20° die Februarii \

the Inclosuresof Harrozvgate, and from thence in Two Branches, one through Ripley, over , and the other through Knaresborough and to Ripen, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Harnham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchinenton Af-kerfwell Hill, in the County of was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Milton, Mr. Felton Hervey, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Herbert, Lord George Sir Matthew Feathcrfionehaug h, Colonel Mr. Legge,

Mr. Brand, Sir Richard Lyttelton, Earl of Upper Ojjory, Mr. Martin, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Cocks, Mr. dingt, Mr. Ofwaid, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cope, Mr. Freeman, Lord Digby, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tozvnjkend, Mr. Tucker, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Ellis, Lord Bateman, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Prowse, Lord George Ca-vendish, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Symons, Mr. Leslie, Lord Barnard, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Buller, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Kent, Mr. Cal-,

vert, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Bayntun; and all the Members who serve

for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of sundry Merchants, Traders, and others,; inhabiting in and about the Town of Stockton upon Tees, and County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; representing several Inconveniences which the Petitioners allege will arise to the Kingdom in general, and to those Parts in particular, it the Bill for taking off the Duty upon the Importation of foreign Yarn, should pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the' Billfor grantinga Bounty upon certain Species of Bri-tifi and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported, is committed.

Ordered, That Admiral Griffin be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 2 2d Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland, is committed.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclohr.g and dividing the common f ields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and common-able Lands, in the Manors and Parish of Sozv, in the County of Warwick, and County of the City of Coventry And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Letcts,

W- v-

H jjuu*.

Anno 290 Georgii IF’ llcgis, 1756. Prayers,

O I R Conyers D'Any presented to the House, according O to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harivood> to the South-weft Corner ot Vue. 27.

Mr. Bayntun presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fidels of Eglelon alias Edgfton, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, of the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High

6B Road

Harnham

Hill

Rup.ds.

Linen

Manufactures.

Ellenfoot

Harbour.

Sow

Inclosure.

E:Won

inclosure.

Dirlin^ton

Road.

Exeter

Roads.

Brewton

Roads.

Appleby

\Yrit.

American

Colonies,

462 2o° Februarii. 1756.

Hoad leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned, and of others of the Counties of Durham and York, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and then referred to the Considera-

tion of a Committee, be transferred from the said Committee to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Durham, assembled at their General Quarter Session of the Peace held at the City of Durham on Wednesday the Eighth Day of October in the Year of our Lord 1755, and also of others, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Road leading from Darlington, in the County of

Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter.

Ordered, That Sir William Courtenay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Prozifo reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Brnvton, through the Parishes of Bat-comb, Layton, and Marston, to the Town of Froom; and from Brewton aforesaid to the Turnpike near Milton Bridge, and from the said Town of Brewton to the First: Direction Poll on the Wincanton Road; and from Park to Hardway, and also from the said Town of Brewton to the Sherborne Turnpike Road near and from the Cross Ways near Pitcombe Hill to the said Turnpike Road; and from a Place called Whitmore Corner to the said Turnpike Road j and from Whitmore Corner aforesaid to Brewton Gate leading into Redlynch Park aforesaid, in the County of Somerset -, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendmenis were Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Applebyin the County mor eland, in the room of Philip Honey wood and William Lee Esquires, whose Election for the said Borough hath been declared void.

Mr. Secretary Fox presented to the House, pursuant to

their Addresses to his Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Philadelphia in Penjylvania, touching the cld'cnceless State of that Province, lodged in the Council Office the 6th of February 1744.

N° 2. Copy of an Order of his Majesty in Council, referring the aforegoing Petition to the Consideration of a Committee of the Privy Council — dated the 7th of February 1744.

N° 3. Copy of the Petition of sundry of his Majesty’s

dutiful and loyal Subjects, Inhabitants of the Province of Penjylvania,\rs behalf of themselves, and others, touching the defenceless State of that Province, lodged in the Council Office the 7th of February 1756.

N° 4. Copy of an Order of his Majesty in Council, referring the aforegoing Petition to the Consideration of a Committee of the Privy Council, dated the 1 jth of February 1756.

N° 5. Copy of an Order of the Committee of Council, referring the aforegoing Petition to the Consideration of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations- — dated the 12th of February 1756; And also,

Copy of Mr. Fox's Letter to the Lords of Trade, dated Whitehall, 17th February 1756, inclosing,

Copies of Seven Petitions of sundry of his Majesty’s Subjects the Inhabitants of the Province of vania, in behalf of themselves, and others.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

Mr. Secretary Fox also acquainted the House, That no Proceedings have been had upon the First of the said Petitions, as a Petition from the Merchants and Inhabitants of the Province of Pensylvania had been some time before presented to his Majesty, relating to the defencelels State of the Province, upon which all such Proceedings were had/as might otherwise have been thought proper and advisable upon this Petition.

Then the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of foreign Protestants, who have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications, is committed.

The said Papers arepreserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ellis presented to the House, according to Order, portUn<i a Bill for completing and finishing a new Church, and Iflaml laying out and inclosing a Cemetery thereto, in the Island Church,

of Portland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vice Admiral Bojcawen presented to the House, ac- Truro cording to Order, a Bill for changing and altering Two Rwd*. several Roads directed to be amended and widened by an Act, made in the 27 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading fsom the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the intituled, An Act Radwar for dividing and inclosing a certain open and common Inclosure. Field called Radway Field, within the Township of Radway, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Walker’* veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Bucks and Berks, late the Ellate of Thomas Walker Clerk, deceased, in Thomas Walker the Grandson, in Fee-Ample, subject to the railing Portions for his younger Brother and Sifters: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Earl of

enable John Earl of Sandwich, George Eail of Cholmon- *»ndl»ich deley, and Wellbore Ellis Esquire, to take in Great Bri- QualificaUo# tain the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify them-1'elves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

29 Geo. II. 20° — 23°

Rtgolating An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s the Matii.e Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third Forc«. time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Fo ices while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. C do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lincoln Ordered, That Lord Strange, Mr. Morgan, Lord Heath, hertManners, Mr. Bouverie, Sir Francis , Mr.

Road R«bert Harley, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Crow/e, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East bide of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peter borough; and from the East End of Mar ham Lane

to the down of Walton, in the County of Northampton-, and from the Town of Bourne to the Town of u'crth; and from Donington High Bridge to the Cross Post in the Parish of Hacconhy; and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of

Qiuarrington, in the County of Lincoln; is committed.

» { The House, according to Order, proceeded to takeinto

hubour. Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report, Plans, and other Papers, which were presented to the House upon Tuesday the 20th Day of January last, relating to the Harbour of

And the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; vi

Refulved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a safe and commodious Harbour may be made at Jlamjgate for Ships of the Burthen of Three hundred Tons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That neither the Plan upon which the Trustees have lately proceeded for building a Harbour at Ramsgate, nor any other Plan heretofore proposed, will answer the good Purposes intended by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to make the Paid Harbour safe and commodious, the Two Pier Heads be carried out so far, as to place (hem in Eight Foot Water at low Water on a Spring' 1 ide, and at the Distance of Three hundred from each other.

Refdved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bason be funk within the said Harbour, for the Reception of fetch Ships and Vessels as are sharp built, a:.d cannot take the Ground.

Ref jived. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Work done upon the Plan for contrafting the r said Harbour be taken up.

1 The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second

... time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Relllutions: And that Sir Lyttelton, Mr. James

Grenville, Colonel Haldane, Sir Piercy Brett, and Mr. Edward Vernon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Aa The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ,rl relatingtr» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon . Quarantine, the Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made i> in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Illes of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, ... Sark, or Man, whereby the stationing of Ships infefted in with the Plague to the Northward of Cape is

confined to the Harbour of NewGrimfby, and removable to no other Place;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill.

Vol. 27.

Februariu 46}

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Allotting to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, foreign’ upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Number of foreign Protestants, who have Commission*. served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for Yeas- { Mr Sc’mJ:’} 2,3-

Td^forth.No^j^fc" } 8,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Hayes have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eleven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Walker’* for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in He Coun- Eilat*, ties of Bucks and Berks, late the Estate of Thomas Walker Clerk, deceased, in Thomas Walker the Grandfo.r, in Fee-simple, subject to the railing Portions for his younger Brother and Sifters, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

buna, 230 die Februarii

Anno 290 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

AB I L L to repair and widen the Roads from the p0,t Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Rotds. Wrexham in the County of Denbigh, and £also the Road from Knockin, in the County of Salop, to Llanrhaider in Mocknant, in the County of Denbigh, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bond, Mr. Charlton, Sir Charles Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis,

Mr. Barry, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Monson, Sir Cor del Fire-brace, Mr. Gore, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mr.

mius. Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir Armine Wodehouse,

Mr. Prowse, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Morton, Mr. More,

Mr. Popham, Mr. OJbaldeJion, Sir John Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend,

Mr. Yorke, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Sir

liam Lozclher, Mr. Gafliry, Mr. Julines Mr.

Moore, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr.

Egertsn, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir William Calvert, Mr.

Gybbons, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Mr. Laf-cel/es, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Gulf on, and all the Members whoserve for the Counties of,

ller ford,

Sile of Dantfcy Manor.

H?nmer*i Eilat ci.

Wye

Bridge *t Hay.

Linen

Manufactures#

Account ui Coal*, See.

2 3 ° Februarii 17 5 6.

Hereford, Worcester, and Staffordand for the Principality

of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for veiling the Manor of and Hundred of Chippenham, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, late the Estates of Charles Earl of and Mon

mouth, deceased, in Trustees, for raising a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Mor daunt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impoweting Efiher Hanmer, an Infant, to settle her Estate; pursuant to Articles entered into in Confederation of a Marriage agreed upon between -

z on Esquire and the said Eftker Hamer, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for building a Bridge across the River Wye, from the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Radnor, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwynne, Mr Lockyer, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Barbor, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Monjon, Mr. Gybbort, Mr; Aldworth, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. More, Sir Philipps, Mr. Townfield, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Hardings, Mr. Berry, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Kemys Mr. Prowse, Mr Herbert, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. 7 ‘rijl, Mr. GMr. Hunter, Mr.

Bond, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Buller, Mr. Yorke, Lord Malpas, Mr. Drax, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Corks, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Gafftry, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Amy and Sir George Yonge, Mr. Mart on; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Salop, Monmouth, and Gloucester, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council Men, and of the principal Merchants and Tradesmen, of the Borough of Prefion, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; representing several ili Consequencesin respect to the Poor employed in the Manufacturing of Linen Yarn, to the Growth of Flax, and to the Navigation of this Kingdom, which the Petitioners allege will arise from taking off the Duty upon foreign Yarn imported into this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That the Manufactures at home may be encouraged, and that no Alteration may be made in the patent Laws in favour of foreign Yarn, but that the present Duties thereon may continue.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fuleration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of Bnt ft and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported, is committed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkins, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from England from Christmasi 747 to Christmas 1754, distin-guishing each Year, together with the Produce of the Duties paid thereon: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Culm exported from

England from Christmas 1747 to Christmas 1754, distin-guithing each Year, together with the Amount ct the Duties paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the 1 Joule.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Sdlion.

Ordered, That Mr. Eger ton, Mr. V/m. Gower,

Admiral Griffin, Mr. John Harvey, Mr. Ongley Earl of Upper OJJ'ory, Mr. Richard Vernon, Mr. be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for establishingaFund for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford

Level;and forexchanging, the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level-, and for enabling the said Corporation io borrow further Sums for the Uleof the said Great is committed.

Mr. Edward Herbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House in the Towm of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tatble: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read aSecond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Sir John Morgan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same County extends; and from Kington to Brilleys Mountain-, and from Kington, through Boto Eardeftey; and from Kington through Spond, to and

through the Holmes Marsh to Alrr.ely; and from Kington, through the Parishes of Lions Hall, Aim els, and

Norton, to Ecklcys Green; and from Kington, through the Parishes of Lions Hall and to Eardi-

Jlcuul; and from Kington through Tit ley and Stanjbalch, under the Side of IVapley Hillto; and from

Kington, through Lyons Hall, to Knoaks Bridge, and from thence to Mlilen Ho:ft, in the said County of And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The I.ord Barnard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Durassembled at their General Quarter Section of the Peace held at the City of Durham on Wednesday the Sth Day of in the

Year of our Lord 1755; and also of others, Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the high Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and k vxral other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned; and also the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the h’gh Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned;

Bedford

Level

Corporation

Bondi.

Ludlow

Roads.

King on Roads.

Darlmgtoo

Road.

Wands ford Bridge to

Stamford

Road.

Shrewfhurv

to

Church

Strttton

Roads.

29 Geo. II. 230 Februarii. 46£

iioned; and of others of the Counties of Durham and York; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directied him to report the fame, as theyappeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Ifable: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

An Act of Parliament, made in the 24th Year of the iReign of his present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, was read j by which it appeared, that Carriages loaded with Lime are exempt from Toll; and those loaded with Co als, which come into the said Road at a Place called Burtree Lane, pay but Half Tolls.

Mr. John Rutherfords Surveyor of the said Road, produced to your Committee a State of the present Incumbrances, and an Ultimate of what will be further necessary for repairing the said Hoad; by which it appeared, that the Trustees have already borrowed the Sum of £. 3,200, and that a further Sum of £. 2,254 will be necessary to complete the Repairs thereof, the Interest of which Two several Sums, together with the Expences of collecting the Tolls, and keeping the said Road in Repair, will amount to £.622. 6s* 8 d* per Annum: That the Tolls now collected have, communions annis, amounted to no more than £. 32c, and that the Exgence of obtaining the Act now applied for was not included in the said Etlirnate.

And further laid, That the Road is about Twenty JS/liles in Length, and about Nine Miles i$ already repaired; That in his Opinion the Money borrowed and collected has been laid out to the bed Advantage, and with as much Frugality as possible: That the Road is at present in a ruinous Condition, by reason of the many heavy Carriages that pass thereon, and that the present Tolls are not half futile lent to repair and fu opart it and that it will be necessary to grant a further Term and Powers to the said Trustees, to enable them effectually to jepair the said Roads.

Mr. Thomas Thorefby said, That the present Act is defective in regard to the Power of levying the Penalties and Forfeitures, and in several other Instances.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to West Auckland\ and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned, and for the effectual amending the same: And that the Lord Barnard and Mr. Thomas Coventry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Barbor profen ted to the House, according to Order,a Bill for enlarging and altering the d erm and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for effectually amending and repairing the Road leading from Wands ford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, and for repairing the Road from the Borough of Stamford to Stapleford Bridge, in the Parish of Ryhall, in the County of Rutland, and from thence to Bourne, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. More presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Coleham Bridge, in the Town of Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in the Town of Church Sh elton, and out of the said Road at or near the Smiths Shop on Bast on Hill to the lop of Lythzooood Hill, and from a Place near Pulley Common, on the same Road, to the May Pole in Condover; and from Coleham Bridge aforesaid, through Welbutch, to Lovgdon, in the County of Salop: And the same was received: and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

' YMu 27.

Mr. Garth presented to the House* according to Order,

3 Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament, passed in the 5th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Annei the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes; and from Stert Stone, in the Parish oiUrfh-font, to Rowd Ford, in the County of Wilts*, and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways \ and for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid: And the same was received; rmd read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bri/lcl, in the rooiti of Richard Beckferd Esquire, deceakd.

Ordered, That Lord Guernsey, Mr. Hcubury, Mr. Thomas Morgan junior, Sir ‘John Morgan, Mr, , Mr;

Probyn, Mr. Symons, be added to the Corpmittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of L'nccin Heath to the City of Peterborough-, arid from the East End of Marham Lane to the Town of Walton, in the county of ;

and trom the 1'own o( Bourn to the Town of Costzr-worth; and from DoningtonHigh Bridge to the Crols P.oft in the Parish of Haccor.by; and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Qudrrington, in the County of Lincoln-, is committed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Lords of the several Manors of Wo Abingworth, Paddington, West cot, Betchworth, Beddingtoh, Ravenfbury, Banfted,

and Walton upon the Hill, in the County of Surrey (which was presented to the House upon Saturday the 17th Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) misriit be again read.

O O

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Egirton, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. More, Colonel Town]], end, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir John Cuff Mr. Lyster, Mr. Chetwynd, Colonel Leslie, Mr. Obrien, Sir Charles Mvrdaunt. Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Bfcazven, Mr. Sandys. Lord Verney, Sir Francis Dashwood, Lord Malpas, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Charlton, Lord Parker, Mr. HuJJey, Mr. Page, Sir John Philipps, Mr. West, Lord Strange, Lord Hillsborough, Sir Charles Kernys Tynte, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Proufle, Mr. Cooke, Sir George Lee, Mr. Ofwaid, Mr. Northey, Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Levels^ Mr. Bond, Mr. Duff, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Gajhry j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain oum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament *. And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

6 C Ordered,

Shephcrijf

Snord

Road*:

Bristol

Writ.

Lincoln

Heath,;

&c.

Road.

Planting

Waste

Lands.

Supply n;j; Loiteu?*.

23* Februarii. 1756.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Houseto

Qu j/i!ifine. r ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually toper-form their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of , Alderney,

bark, or Man; whereby the Stationing of Ships infefted with the Plague to the Northward of Cape Finisterre is confined to the Harbour of New Grimsby, and removable to no other Place; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Godolphin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Godolphin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-pight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

BriM The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned

Watch. Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of BriJIol, was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was agreed to, and the rest were disagreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating Jo Persons being appointed Collectors more than once.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Actions to be brought in any neighbouring County to the City of B

And the laid"Clause was twice read with a Blank:

And it being proposed to fill the Blank with the Word repealed;

The House was moved, That the Clause in the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of BriJIol (which directs that Actions shall be brought in the City of Bristol, and not elsewhere), might be read.

And the same wis read accordingly.

Then the Blank in the said Clause, which was offered to be added to the said Bill, was filled up:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause, thus amended, he made Part of the Bill;

It pasted in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrossed.

Allowing Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Protfifi'nts Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to en-

"tVhold blc his Majesty to grant Commissions to a certain Num-

Convniflions. ber of foreign Protestants, who have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers i 1 America only, under certain llestrictions and Qualifications, was committed, the Amendments, which the Com-

niittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W'here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill to disable Officers being Aliens from fitting or voting in any Court Martial.

And the said Clause was brought up, and once read:

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

60.

Tellers for the Noes, { /£/£,. \ 1«

So it pafl"ed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for incapacitating Foreigners from bearing any higher Rank than that of Lieutenant Colonel.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for disabling Persons not being natural-born Subjects, and not being appointed Officers at the first filling up of tup Regiment, from receiving or holding any Commissioni afterwards.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for limiting the Allowance of Half-pay to foreign Officers to such time only as they shall continue in America.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by inserting, after the Word " ," in Fo. 2.

L. 16. the Words, " on Consideration of the prudent " and necessary Provisions made by an Act of Parliament " in the 12th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King " William the Third, for the further Limitation of the " Crown, and better securing the Liberties of the Subject, and in Confidence that the Provisions of this Act " can make no Precedent for Cafes where there is or " shall be leis urgent Motives than the present necessary " Provisions against the imminent Dangers with which " America is now threatened."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

then ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of William Allowing Bollan Esquire, Agent for his Majesty’s Province of the foreign Massachusetts Bay in New England, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and then ordered to CoinmiLns. lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petitioner, if he thinks fit, be heard, by himself or Counsel, upon his feid Petition, at the Third Reading of the Bill to enable his Majesty to grant Corn-millions to a certain Number of foreign Protelfants, who have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in only, under

certain Rcstrictions and Qualifications;

The

J-t

9 Geo. 11,

The House divided. 'I he Yeas went forth

Tellers for the Yea?,

'2$'

f Mr. 7 'ow

TMr. Mackenzie: f Lord G>

4 Mr. 7^/

So it passed in the Negative.

24° P'ebruarii.

So it passed in the Negative.

4*1

1*

}*5

And then the House adjourned tiil j'o-ttidrrQW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 240 die Febfuatii J

jt?-ion for A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That a i etfon M r. Rickard Partridge do attend this House upon Tllurf-10 attend say Morning next i

t.,e ou e. |t pa{pecj ;n the Negative.

D m,. A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That

Brigadier General Waldo do attend this House upon TJiurfdayMorning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for ,he } .

Teller, for the Noe,[ "j; ] IJ.

Anno 29* Georgii Ilai Regis, 1756.

Prayer,!*.

HE House being informed, That feme of tb£ Account JL Commissioners of the Stamp Duties attended at Duty on the Door; *

They were edited in; And, At the' Bar, presented to the Hohle, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Cards and Dice for Seven If ears, from the 2d August 1748, to 2d August 1755; distinguishing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The (kid Account is as followeth;

An ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Cards and Dice, for Seven Years last past, from, the 2d August 1748, to the 2d of August 1755; distinguishing each Year.

- — ..A,.. — - — Gross Cards. Net Cards. Dice.

£. s. £. s. d. £ d.

*749 - y* m - - - 9 367 7 6 9,086 VJ 2 152

1750 - 10,565 17 — 10,249 3 2 184 15 —

>7i> - - - 10,580 8 6 10,’63 _ 6 208

1752 - . - - - - -» - 10 454 12 — 10,140 19 7 240 10 —

1753 - io>:,©9 1 — 10,196 1 2 287 10 —

>754 - 9,836 18 — 9.541 16 5 290 15 —

>755 - 9,778 19 6 9,485 12 6 322 5 —

Stamp Office, W. Blair.

43d February 1756. Barnard.

R. T/iompfon.

W. Puller, pro Comptroller. Matt Kenrick.

Whitmore.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

Sheffield ^r’ Henry Finch presented to the House, according to

&c>’ ’ Order,a Bill for regulating t'.ie Proceedings in the Courts Court of Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and in the

Conference. County of York: And the tame was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Neroe Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to River. Order, a Bill for the explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual. Two several Acts of Parliament, one of thempaffed in the 12th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River alias Nine, running

from Northampton to , navigable, and the

other made in the nth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the said former Act: And the same was received; and read tire First time.

R -Joived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

XTaddingtoii A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, Field whoseNames are thereunto subscribed.who have frequent Roads. Occasion to pal’s through a certain Road leading from the North End of Wadaington , in the County of the City of Lincoln unto the said City of and also

one other Road leading from the Bridge over the River Wytham ,in the Parish of Braccbridge, in the County of the said City of Lincoln; unto the said City; and also

one other Road leading from the Gate at the Foot of Can-wicke Hill over Part of the South Common in the County of the said City, by the Side of the Little Bar Gates, and near to a certain Place called the Malandry, to the Great Bar Gates of the said City; was presented to the House, and read j alleging, That the said Hoads are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Means of Law; and that if the Bill, which is ordered to be brought in for amending and widening the Road from DunjbyLatte, in the County of Lincoln, unto the said City, should pass into a Law, the Payment of Tolls may be evaded by the Passage of Cattle and Carriages through a Road leading from the Causeway in the Parish of Saint Botolpk, in the said City, to the Little Bar Gates; and that the said Road may, without any Inconveniency to the Inhabitants of the said City, be stopped up and fold: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for effectually amending and widening the said Roads from the North End of H addington Field, and the said Bridge at Bracebridge, to the said City of Lincoln*, and

also the said Road from the said Gate at the Foot of -wicke Hill, to the Great Bar Gates of the said City; and for flopping up, and felling, the said Road from the said Causeway to the Little Bar Gates, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And

4?>8. 14* 1756.

And it is referred to Mr. Monfan, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put Calvert, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Onslow, thereupon, agreed toby the House: And the bill was Mr. Pr'owfe, Mr. Wilkiiiftn, Sir Thomas Hales, Lord amended at the Table accordingly.

Strange, Mr. Vyner; Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Rebow, Mr. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Godolphin, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Key-be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

fields, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Probyn, Eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through Mr. Barrow, Mr. Trill, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bayvtnn, Mr. the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through

Hayes, Lord Downe, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Bridgman; to Charlton , and from thence to

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Milbont Port; and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to Lincoln, Nottingham, and York: and they are to meet the Vy'eft End of Long Lane in; and from

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s canton aforesaid to the Turnpike Cvols Gate on

Chamber I And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Cattle Hill', and from to Sparkford, in the

and Records. . County of

Ordered, That Mr. Prowfi do carry the Bill to the Woollen A Petition of several Weavers of Woollen Broad Lords, and dellfe their Concurrence.

Mnahamct. Cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf

of themselves, and several Thousands of the Fraternity of Mr. from the Commissioners for Trade and

Woollen Broad Cloth Weavers, and other Manufacturers Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their of Cloth, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to Addressto His Majesty,

the House, and read; reciting some Provisions in an Act, N't. Copy of a Draught of a Commission for Charles made jn tire 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Knowles Esquire, Governor of Jamaica, prepared by the King George the First, in relation to the Manner in which Commissioners for Trade and Plantations. aJl Clothiers are to pay their Weavers; and also reciting N° 2. Copy of an Order of the Lords Justices in an Order made at a General Quarter Session of the Peace, Council, dated the 14th of April 1752, approving the held in -and for the said County, in the First Year of said Draught.

his present Majesty’s Reign, in relation to the Payment of N° 3. Copy of a Draught of general Instructions for the Wages of the Woollen Broad Cloth Weavers in the Charles Knowles Esquire, Governor of Jamaica, prepared laid County; anu complaining, that the said Order is not by the Commissioners fer Trade and Plantations, complied with; and that the said Act hath not answered N° 4. Copy of an Order of the Lords Justices in the good Intention of the Legislature, for want of a sum- Council, dated the 28th of 1732, approving the rnary Method of punishing Persons who shall disobey or laid Draught.

evade the respective Orders made pursuant thereto; and N° 3. Copy of a Draught of an additional Instruction to

that the Petitioners labour under great Hardlliips, by be- Charles Knowles Esquire, Governor of Jamaica, directing ing paid in Goods, or by way of i’ruck, contrary to the him not to act’ent to such Acts as are there described, said Aftj and by the Clothiers often not paying them their without Clauses being inserted therein, suspending their Wages when they bring home their Work: And there- Execution until his Majesty’sPleafure be known, prepared fore praying such Redrets in the Premises as to the House by the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations. shall seem proper. N° 6. Copy of an Order of his Majesty in Council on

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the 28th of 1754, approving the said Draught.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- N° 7. Copy of the Minutes of the Assembly of

mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall Jamaica, from the 26th of September to the 27th of appear to them, to the House. November 1732.

And it is referred to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. N° S. Copy of the Minutes of the Assembly cf Ja-Prowse, Mr. Lyster, Lord Strange, Mr. Onslow', Lord nmica, from the 18 th to the 25 th of

Downe, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Rebow, Lord Barnard, Mr. 17 5

Town/,-/end, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Barbor, N° 9. Extract of the Minutes of the Council of the Mr. Gore, Mr. Hardin >e, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Oswald, Island of Jamaica, on the 5th oiAimft 1754, containing . Mr. Godolphin. Mr. Mon[on, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Barrow, their Resolution with regard to the Diisolution of the Mr. Vernon, Lord George Cuvcndish, Sir Cor del Fir ebrace, Assembly.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. N° 10. Copy of the Minutes of the Assembly of Ja-

Potter, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Banks, Mr. Plum- maica, from the 21st of October to the 8th of November tner, Mr. Bond, Mr. More, Sir John Crojfe, Sir John 1754*

Philipps, Mr. Fellow;:, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Foley, Sir N’n. Extract of the Minutes of the Council of John Citjl, Mr. Archer, Mr. Keck, Sir Roger Newdigate, Jamaica in Assembly, on the 8ch of 1754,

Mr. Symmons, Mr. Popham, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. containing the Dissolution of the said Assembly.

Shelley, Mr. Med/ycot, Sir Francis Poole', and all the N° 12.^ Extract of the Minutes of the Council of

Members who serve lor the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Jamaica in Assembly, on the 24th of January 1755* Somerset, Devon, and York:And they are to meet this containing the Diisolution of the said Assembly.

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s N° 13. Copy of the Minutes of the Assembly of Chamber: And have Power to fend ior Persons, Papers, maica, from the 8th of to the 19th of May t 755-and Records: And all who come lo the Committee are N° 14. Copy of an Act, passed in the Island ot to have Voices. on the 7th of May 1735, for removing the several Laws,

Records, Books, Papers, and Writings, belonging to the sVL|Ourhby An ;ngro(fed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Tcverai Offices of Secretary of this Island, Clerk of the H«l«e from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, supreme Court of Judicature, Clerk of the Crown, Clerk

Ro^- through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and of the Patents, and Register in Chancery, and Provost

th ough Wincanton, to Charlton Houthorn-, and from Wil- Marshal, from the Town of Saint Jago de la Vega to the

Iv.'.ghby//..or aforesaid to the W eft End of Long Lane in Town of Kingston; and to oblige the leveraj Officers of

K'lming:on-, and from IVincanton aforesaid to the Sherborne the said several Offices to hold and keep their respective

Turnpike Crois Gate on Cattle Hill-, and also from Win- Offices, with the respective Papers, in the said Town

canton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset; was read of Kingston; and also for holding the supreme Court of rfo Third time. Judicature in the said Town of Kingston for the future.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made Together with a List of the said Papers, to the Bill; viz.° And the said Lift was read.

Pr. 4. L. To leave out " in a summary Way before Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Tabic,

<« the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Session, or." to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The

Papm

respecting Jama.ca.

Act

telating to Quarantine.

hundred

Foot

.River

Drtinage.

Kye

Haibuur*

29 Geo. II.

2 40 Februarii.

t W

The said Papers.are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Sellioa.

Mr. Gcuklphin; actarding to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend a Claofe in an A&, made in the a6th Year of the Reign, of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better presenting the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or or the Hies of Guernsey, Jersey> Sark, or , whereby the Stationing of Ships, infefted with the Pingue, to the Northward of Cape Fis confined to the Harbour of New Grimsby, and removable to no other Place, wascommitted: the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill: and which they had directed him to report to tht House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wete once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the IJleof Ely and County of Norfolk, lying between the

Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hardiands of Went-

ti'crtk, Witehford, Ely, Dozvn/iand Littleport; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Contervators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to tell certain Lands lying within the Limits afo^l'aid.and commonly Called Jnvejled Lands; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Royston, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hervey, Sir Thomas Hayles, Mr.

Mr. Miflabie, Lord Downs, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jetty Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Fellowes. Sir Francis Poole,

Sir John Cufl, Mr. 7ownshend, Mr. Boride Sn* Comers D'Arcy, Mr. More, Mr. Montagu, Sir John CroJJc, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hunt, Colonel Lee, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Monson, Mr, Lezcis, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Sandy s, Sir Robert Burden, Mr. Co/ebrocke, Lord Fan:, the Recorder of London \ and all the Members who servefor the Counties Of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Northampton, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging; the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Suffer, to irs ancient Goodness, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Lee, General Campbell, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Fcrrester, Mr. Lefie, Sir George Lee, Lord Panmure, Lord North, General St. Clair, Mr. Kynaston, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Nor they, Mr. kVeJl, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Sharpe, Mr* Gere, Mr. Hervey, Mr. 4Thorn lag A, Mr. Mor daunt, Mr. Hume, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Colleton, Sir Henry Er-Jltine, Loid Barnard, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Whitzvcrfh, Sir Robert Hildyard, Sir Thomas Aloftxn, Lord Bonington, Captain Campbell, Lord George Sack-vide. Captain James Campbell, Mr. Kent, Mr. Amy and Sir William Calvert, Mr. More, Mr. Aufon, Mr. Laf~ cedes, Mr. Tovenshend, Mr, Shelley, Mr. Nugent, Mr. \crke, Mr. Montagu, General Onslow, Sir John CrcJJe, Mr. Cock:, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Snakes, Lord Royflon, Mr/ yin/’er. Mr. ADove, Mr. Orflozv, Mr. Jenxns, Mr. IVilkirfon, Mr. Martin, Sir George Tenge, Sir Jama

Vcl. 27.

Creed, Sir John Cufl* Mr. Dicker, Lord Milton, Mr.

Brand, Colonel Waldegrave, Colonel George Bfcazven,

Mr. Hamilton, Lord ParkerMr. Hardinge, Mr. Crozvlc,

Mr.. Cooke \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex, Kent, and Surrey, the Cinque Ports, the City of London, and the Coast Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bilfto explain and amend an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, oa through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosuresof Harrozvgate, and from thence in Two Branches, one through Ripley over Bur age Green, and the other through Knaresborough, and Boroughbridge to Ripon, and from thence to the first Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moer, in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Sir Thomas [Hales, Lord George SackvUle, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Colletdn,

Lord Roy don, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Barior, Mr. More, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Medlycot* Mr.

Sandys. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gore, Mr, Kynaston, Mr.

Prowse, Sir Chai/es Mor daunt, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hard-inge. Sir Matthew Lambe, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sharpe,

Mr. Rowney, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Colcbrcoke, Lord 'Doivne,

Mr. Gqfhry, Mr. Bayntnn, Colonel JVa!degrave, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Totvrshend, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Archer>

Mr. Moore, Mr. Jenxns, Mr. Brandy Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Bofcawen, Mr. Weflphaling, Mr. A Id worth\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Supply BUI; Money therein to be mentioned, to be raised by way of Lottery. Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the feve- Tcivkefbnrjr ral Roads from the Town of Tewkesbury to CoJ'comb Gate, Hoad*,

and from If weds Elm to the Top of Gothertngtcn Hill, in the County of Gloucester y and from Tewkesbury to a Farm-house called the Old Blue Bell, and to the DiuElion Post in the Parish of Ripple, and to Slmonds Ford Brook, and from Breedon to Erkington Bridge, in the County of Worcester; and from Tewkesbury to Wainloads Bridge, and to the Three Mile Stone, in the Turnpike Road from Tetbury, to Cirencester > and from the Market-house in-Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from Burford to Gloucester, near a Tree called Pttefdon Ash, in the said County of Gloucester \ was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the First Lift of Trustees, to insert u the honoyr-<c able Thomas Tracy, the honourable Henry Tracy, Ed*

" ward Hanford :'y

In the Second Lift of Trustees, to insert " Robert " Tracx, Thomas Tracy, Anthony Keck, Edward NH " ckds:"

Pr. 25. L. 23, To leave out " thereof/' and ir^ert " of the Cafe/'

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed tQ by the House;

6 D And

Hsmr\cr*% Ertare#.

Brfwtoa

I(o*da.

Sutton cnon t!:e I'of efl laciAure.

47°

24" Februarii.

A 1 75

6

o.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ResolveeJ, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act for repairing and widening the several Hoads from the To wn of Tezvhjbioy to Cojcomb Gate, and from I fa-bel's Elm to the Top of Gathering on Hilly in the County of Gloucester; and from Tecv kef bury to a Farm-house called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction Post in the Parish of Ripple, and to Simonds Ford Brook, and from Breeden to Eckington Bridge^ in the County of Wore eft er; and from Teivke/bury to IVaiuloads Bridge, and to the Road opposite to Ef/lone Church; and from the Market-house in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Hoad from Bnrford to Glou-cejld/'y near a Tree called Puefdon Ash, in the said County of G lone eft er.

Ordered, That Mr. John Martin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barnard picfented to the IIou'c* according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and 1

oweis grant-

D.rVir.vicii

KoaU.

ed by an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his Maj^lyhs Reign, for repairing the high Road leading from Daring-tc:iy in the County of Durham, to IVft Auckland \ and Several other Roads in the said County therein mentioned; and for the effectual amending the same: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impoivering Eft her Hanmer, an Infant, to settle her filiates pursuant to Articles entered into in Consideration of a Marriage agreed upon between Aflieton Cnrzon Esquire, and the said Eft her Havana^ was read the Third time.

Resolveedy That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to file Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for velhng divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Bucks and Berks, late the filiate of Thomas Walker Clerk, deceased, in Thomas Walker the Grandson, in Fce-simple, subject to the railing Portions for his younger Brother and Sifters, was read a Second time.

Resolveedy That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hayes, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. llardinge,

Wul.er’s E Units.

Mr. Martin, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Corks, Sir

An ingrofil'd Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Brew tonthrough the Parishes of Batcomb, Layton, and Marfouto the Town of

John Cust, Mr. Huffy, Mr. Mr. Luttrdl, Mr.

Probyn, Mr. Myddelton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prow ft,

Mr. 'Egerton, Mr. Nor they. Sir John Lord

Strange, Mr. Bofcarxen, Colonel Haldane, Sir Calvert, Colonel Bcfcaiven, Mr. More, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Fe.'loives, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Archer, Mr. Martin, Mr Trift, Mr.

Mr. Kvnafton, Mr. Prcwfe, Mr. Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Symmons, Lord P nit my, Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Mr. Elliot, Sir Freuds Drake, Mr. Poxatev, Mr. Pdgbj, Colonel Lee, Mr. Baynlmi, Mr. Amy and, Mr. cot, Mr. Rozvnev, Lord Barnard, Mr. Mr.

and from Brexctonaforei.ud to the Turnpike near Milton Vernon, Mr Mr. Pl.vnhayh, Mr. Much-worth,

Bridge-, and from the said Town of Brcwton to the First Directien Pc ft on the Wine cation Road; and from Red-hnch Park to Hardway; and also from the said Town of Brezvtonto the Sherborne Tun-pike Road near liar dfpen; and from the Crfs Ways near H:!l to the said

Turnpike Road; and from a Place called Whitmore -ner-to the said Turnpike Road ;and from Whitmore Corner aforesaid to Brew ten Gate, leading into Red/ynch Park aforesaid, in the County of Sower ft; was read the Third time. Refdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he.

Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Dodd, Mw Watjltt, Lord Hobart, S.r

John Croft, Sir Kenrick Clayton, Mr. Walter, Colonel Lejlie, Mr. Afedfy cot, Lord Parker, Sir house-, and all the Members who servefor the Counties of Bucks, Berks, Oxford, and GloucesterAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Magistrates, and Manufacturers of LwM* Linen, in the Town of Dunfermline, in the County of nu‘^u‘19-

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading Fife, North Britain, was pretented to the House, and from and near the Town of Brezvton, in the County of read; alleging, That the Bill depending in the House, Somer/el. as the Petitioners are informed, for graning a Bounty

Ordered, That Mr. Proxvfe do carry the Bill to the upon coarse Linen, at and under 18 Yard, at Ex-Lords, and desiretheir Concurrence. portation, and for taking off the Duties upon foreign

Yarn at Importation, will be prejudicial to Britain in An ingossed Bill fioirv the Lords, intituled, An Act general, and to that Part of the Country in particular: "for dividing and inclosing several Helds, Meadows, and And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not Commons, in the Townllv.pot out ten upon the Forest, in the pats.

Coonly of York, and for giving Compensations, in lieu That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

lie, to

, i^v...ty upon certain Species

Refdved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dozxne, ot British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the %!in Cust, Lord Hobart, Mr. Sundys, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported, is

Onfw. Mr. Prowse, Mr Fairfax, Mr. Dawnay, Lord committed.

V^uuiuy ui i oi a, cilia u-i b 6 in kjiucicU) iimi ur iaiu 1 cmibii uc lukiicu me

of T) dies, to the Impropriator of the Rectory, and the sideration of the Committee of the whole Houk Vicar of Sufiafiarc-hhi, was read a Second time, whom the Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Si

Sir

Murray, Mr. Vernon. Mr. Whitworth, Sir Francis Pock, Mr. Aid worl h, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Sir

Charles Mordav.nl, Mr. Archer, Mr. Torke, Mr. Pow-lett, Mr. Colleton, Mr. E-.zaher Mr. Mr.

Shelley, Colonel Bcfcaiven, Colonel Haldane, Colonel

Walden a ve, Mr. More, Mr. Wafon, Sir Five-

Ordered, That Sir Robert Burden, Sir Mr. Women Coke, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the While Sloop near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of D:[field and in the

Derbt,

it.

It Lit-

fcU

brace, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cseits, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Towns- County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County land. Lord Strange, Lord Royfon, Lord George Ben- of York, and from the said Town of to the Moot

" '" Hall, in the Town of in the said County of Derby, is committed.

ii nek

Lord Gay] Lord Hllljkiwgti, Sir Thomas Ro-tbf.u, Sir Robert HUdy.-rd, Sir Charles Howard, Sir

Lionel PJ/kb:f on, Sir JAn CSir George Lee, Sir Laurie!: Cdx'toti, Sir Than us Clavering, Mr. Charles Torke, Colonel C:tr:rvaTh, Mr. Barb Colonel Griffin, Mr.

A’.ext, Mr. /. ge. Mr. ErkvewdFiuelt, Mr. Venables Verier,u Mr. MM tr!Mr. S.dJburr, Sir John Morgan-, and all the Memlv's 'v o f ive h.r tee C-oontiesof Fork, hiutr., IGj'-th mberlm'A, Cumberland., mr and Lan-easter: A,\ 1 ,h y are to meet this Afternoon at Five of

ti.c Clock, in the Spx’xr's Chamber.

14

Mr. Venables Vernon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Common Gaol lor the County of Derby, upon a Place called Nuns Greer, in the Liberty of the Town of Derby, and for appointing a proper Place for the late Custody ot Pr'tfoners tiii such new Gaol lb all be completed; and to igapower the Justices of the Peace for the said County to pay the Rent relcrved to the Corporation fox the said Ground out of

tk

Dtft

TV

K

PnrJc

Gate

Road.

Portland Island Church.

Krvvton

Incloiuie-

T ruro Roads.

2 9 Geo. IL 240 — 250 Februarit. 471

the County Rates; was Committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lane to be true; and fl at the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the 1 Joule; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon liieQuction severaliy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the B*l!,'with the Amendments* be in-grciTed.

An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gale, in the Town and County of Poole, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads cad-ing from a Gate called Poo/e Gate, in the Town and County of Poole.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for completing and finishing a new Church, and laying out and mdosing a Cemetery thereto, in the Island of Portland, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ellis, Lord He hart, Mr. More, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Atjiiibie, Mr. Flardinge, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Earn-tun, i\ii. Digby, Lord Roxflon, Sir Charles Rlordannt, Mr. Fel/owcs, Mr. Gyre, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Montagu, Sir Janes Creed, Sir iVII'lam Me-red ih, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Hani/ton,\]r. Vernon, Lord Bateman, Mr. Men jin, Mr. IValJon, Mr. Codes, Mr. Nug.nl. Sir John Turner, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Marion, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Herbert, Lord Barnard, Lord Downe, Mr. Kynafcn, Sir John Cu/l, Sir John Crojje, Mr. Triji, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Rledlycot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Rigby, Colonel Haldane, Lord Strange, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Wcf dialing, Mr. Calvert, Sir //7/-liam Calvert, Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gapery, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Frederick, C.loael Bfcazven, Mr. Bowes, Lord HiHjburough, Mr. Bridgman, Lord Barrington, Mr. IVigley, Mr. IIay ward, Mr. Earle; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Dev:, Semer-jet, Cornwall, and IF ills: And they are to men this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Bolton, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Affleck,

Sir John Cnjje, Mr. Trifl, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sym-mors, Lord Strange, Mr. Amy and; and all the Members who fcive for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, So-merfet, Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Crcjfe preferred to the House, according to Qualifying Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to For Oirices, quality themflves for Offices and Promotions within the &c‘ Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received, and read the Firil time.

Refclvsd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, be- CafI of the" ing read; House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Appointing fblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 9®"^ the Bjll for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables tninster &c. for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances within the said City and Liberty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-niglu, reloive itlelfinto a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The I Joule resumed the adjourned Cor.lideration of Ludlow the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Jloads; amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market-hou!c in the Town of Ludioiv, in the County of Salop, was committed.

And the Rciidueof the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were teverally read a Second time; and, upon the Qucilion severally put thereupon, iome of them were disagreed ro, and the reit were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the 1 Ionic.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mar daunt and Mr. Archer be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Freeholders Owners, and Proprietors of Lands in the open and common Fields of Newton, in the Parish of Clifton upon Dunjinore, in the County of Warwick*

A Bill for chancing and altering Two several Roads,

u o o '

directed to be amended and widened by an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening tevcral Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, was read a Second time.

Ref jived. That the Bill be committed to Vice Admiral Bfcawen, Lord Hobart, Sir John Cud, Col mcl Haldane, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Baxntun, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Ar/vi, Mr. Feihwes, Sir lV,n. Beauchamp proctor, Mr. John Pitt, Sir James Creed, Sir John Turner, Lord Dnpjfin, Mr. liar dam e, S;r Nicholas Early, Mr. Aide;man Eicldnfn, Sir Henry lirjkine, Mr. Levefrn Gower, Mr. Earle, Mr. More, Mr. Martin, Sir 'Francis Poole, Mr. Morten, Mr. Prcvefe, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Udlkinfou, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Kynajtod, Mr. G-Jlry, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gwyun, Mr. Air. Morgan, Mr. IVhicheet, Mr.

JSledlycot, Mr. Montagu, Mr, Plddlirfon, Mr. Harbor, You. 27.

Mercurii, 2 g die Februarit;

Anno 29° Georgii IIl,i Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

SI R William Calvert reported from the Committee, to Earl of whom the ingvofled Bill from the Lords, intituled,- Lncotm An Act for the Sale of several Landsin Bedford Level, the 1 u Estate of the pght honourable Henry Earl of Lincoln,

Knight of the most noble Order of the Garter, and Katherine Counters of Lincoln, his Wife, and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments of as great or greater Value, and settling the said Lands io to be puichaicd, to the same Uies as the said Lands, to be sold are now settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of die Bill, and found the tame io Be true;and mat the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Route, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of sundry Merchants, Traders, and others, inhabiting in and about the Town of in the

North Hiding of the County of York: And also,

A Pe-

Linen

Manufacture*.

47 2

linen M,a- A Petition of the Manufacturers and Dealers in Linen

nufiflwc*. y arn, and the Makers of Sail-cloth, within the Borough and Town of Liverpool-,

Were ('overall}’ presented to the House, and read; representing several ill Consequences in respfeft to the Employment of the Poor, and to the Growth of Flax in this Kingdom, which the Petitioners allege will nrife from taking oft" the Duties upon the Im-portation of foreign Yarn: And therefore praying, That the Bill depending in the House for that Pnr-pose may not pals into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Manufacturers of the Borough of Leicester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Bill depending in the House, for taking off the Duties payable upon the Importation of foreign Linen Yarn, will be of Advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported, is committed.

flye . A Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Harbour. Ships, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of rhemselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; reciting a Petition of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the Act of Parliament for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of to its ancient Goodness, for a Bill to continue the Terms and v. Powers granted by the said Act: and taking notice of . ' the Bill depending in the House for that Purpose: And alleging, that the said Harbour neither is, nor can bs made, ierviceable to the Navigation of thel'e Kingdoms; and that any further Term will be ineffectual to obtain tire End aimed at, and extremely burthensome to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, lb far as the same relates to Rye Harbour, or to grant them such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fiJeiation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by le-vcral Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, and for refturing the Harbour of Rye, in the County of to its ancient Good-

nets, is committed; And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counted, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mead Mr. Snndys reported from the Committee, to whom the brook Bill for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads lead-

oad* ing from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of

Pucklei’'lurch and Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucef-

ter, to Christian Mu!ford Bridge, in the County of IViIts; and also from Pucklechurch aforesaid to certain Coal Mines in the said Panlh; was committed, That the Committee had considered the several Petitions to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone t hrough the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the red were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

J. 1716.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition ot several of the Inhabitants of the Iftriihes of St. George Hanover Square, Paddington, St, Mary /: Bone, St. Giles in the Fields, St. George's, Bloom [bury, St. Andrew's, Ho/born, and 67. Maty, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and of several of the Gentlemen, Farmers, Trade (men, and other Inhabitants, of the said County, and of the Cities of London and Hre[tminster, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several of che Trustees for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn: Bridge, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of several of the Tru flees for putting in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to Highgate Gate House and Hamgjiead, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of Ins Grace the Duke of Bedford, and others, Inhabitants of the Parish of St. George, Bloomsbury, the Parish of 67. Giles in the Fields, and the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to I/ighg ate Gate House and Hampstead, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the County of Middlesex. whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were severally referred. That the Committee had examined tire Matters of the said Petitions and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read tire Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fot-loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegation* of the first-mentioned Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. William Godfrey: Who, being examined, said. That he is well acquainted with the Ground, where the said Road is intended to be made from Paddington to ljlingfon: That if such Road was made, it would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of London and Westminster, and of public Utility, as it would open a Com^ munication between the Eastern, Western, and Northern, Roads, and between the Eastern and Western Parts of the said Cities, nearer than the Way made use of at pretent by Two Miles:

That the Way now used to pass from the Western Parts of the Liberty of Wejirnirfler to the Eastern Parts of London, is not only inconvenient, but dangerous, there being some Places at Hock’ey in the Hole where the Houses are in Danger of falling, and the great eil Pari of the Way is over the Pavement:

That Mischiefs fiequenrly happen in the driving of Cattie and Sheep through the Streets to Smiths.eld; the Cattle and Sheep, when tired, falling down under, and interrupting, the Carriages; which Accidents would in a great mcallirc be prevented, in case the .'aid intended Road were made, when Cattle might be brought within Haifa Mile of Smthjicld without coming on the Slones at all, whereas at present they arc obliged to drive them Two Miles and a Half over the Pavement; so that the Passage of the new Road would be much filler, quicker, and nearer, and, by opening the said Road, the Pavements of the Streets would be better prderved.

Then he produced to your Committee a Plan of the said intended Road, which he explained; and said. He apprehends it would be more convenient, to carry the (hid lload from the Edgware Road, near Paddington, through a Lane called IPS fry Lane, than through Bell Lane, as described in the Petition: And,

Mr. Humphrey Elrnes laid, it would be necessary to take into the said new intended Road Part of a small Cottage and Garden adjoining to or near the Turnpike at Battle BAJge, which is rated in the Name of Beringarins Chadwick: Then,

Mr. Ijvtt, Agent for his Grace the Duke of Portland, informed your Committee, That his Grace would give no Oppclition to the iaid Bill.

William

2 50 Febru

r aJdi New R*d.

29.Geo. IL 250 Februarii. 473

William Lloyd Esquire appeared before your Committee, and signified his Consent: And,

Doctor Brown, Prebendary of St. Paul's, informed your Committee, That the Duke of Grafton holds his l*ands as Lessee from the Witness; and that he would consent that a Road should be made cross the Lands, in case a Rent should be reserved out of the Turnpike, payable to the Duke’s Tenant, the Value thereof to be the (lime as it now brings in to the said Duke and Prebendary.

Charles Cocks, being present, said, His Father had no Objectron to the Road, in case an annual Sum was reserved to him, equal to the annual Value of his Lands.

Mr. Frederick informed your Committee, That he had attended the Skinners Company, and given them Notice of the Application; and had delivered them a Plan of the said intended Road, together witha Copy of the Petition, nd that he has not heard of any Objection from the Company.

Mr. 7homas Mamvaring informed your Committee, That Mr. Sever is out of the Kingdom; but that he waited upon Mr. Nicholls, who Iranians all his Business in England, who told him, that Mr. Sever must submit to it for the public Good, and that no lurther Notice need be given.

Henry Penton Esquire, being present, informed your Committee, That if the said intended Road is carried by the New River Company’s Reservoir, he iliould have no Objection to it; but if it should be carried the other Way described in the Plan, he had very great Objections to it, as it would be very detrimental to his Property: And, Mr. # Homes informed your Committee, That the Road, by the Reservoir would be much more convenient than the other: Then,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the New River Company had been acquainted with the Scheme, and are ready to acquiesce in it, in cate Provision be made that the same shall not be brought nearer than Fifteen Feet to the Relervoir;'and a Wall built at the Head of it, to secure the Reservoir from the Nuisances occasioned by the Roac!: Aml,

Mr. Thomas Swale informed your Committee, Thar he was employed as Agent for Mr. Belitha and Mrs. Herbert, the Owners of the Angel Inn, whole Properties are very materially affected by the said Scheme: That lie has wrote to them both, but has not yet had an Answer from either of them.

To prove the Allegations of the Second Petition,

A Minute of the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbtirn Bridge was read; which Minute is as followeth; viz.

44 At a General Meeting of the Trustee* for putting in Execution the Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from St. Giles* s Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, 44 and for paving Oxford Street, at the Mount Coffee House in Grosvenor Street, on TIrarfday the 8th 44 January 1756;

44 The Board took into Consideration the Proposal delivered by Mr. Godfrey, at the la(l General Meeting, 44 from feme Gentlemen of the Committee of the ho-<4 nourable House of Commons, to whom a Petition for 44 a new Road from Islington to Paddington Road is com-41 mitted, to take into this Trull: Part of the said intended Road, that is to say, that Part thereof which extends 4C from Paddington Road to Tottenham Courts and came to the following Resolution:

44 That the Trustees are willing to agree to the said Proposal, with the Considerations following; that is to €c lay. That they be qualified to accept the said Proposal, 44 by enlarging the present Term of thtirTruft to the Term intended to be granted for the said new Road; and also that the Powers already granted for railing additional Tolls be likewise continued to the same Term, and extended to the said new intended Road."

44 A true Copy, examined per Dan. Bolton,

44 Clerk to the said Trustees."

Vol. 27.

And Mr. Godfrey informed the Committee, That the said Resolution was uminimously agreed to at a numerous L Meeting; and that the Method proposed, of putting Part of the said intended Road under the said Trustees, would be the mosteffectual Methodof making and keeping the same in Repair, which, from its Connection with the Kilburn Road, would be impossible to be effected under le-parate Trulls.

To prove the Allegations of the Third Petition, the following Paper was produced to your Committee by Mr. Humphrey Elmes, Clerk to the Trustees for the Islington Road, and read, viz.

44 At a General Meeting of the Trustees of Islington Turnpike, held at the Red Lion Coffee House in Red Lion Street, Clerkenwell, on Wednesday the 4t 14th Day of January 1756;

44 It being represen ted to the Board, That the making a 44 new Road from Islington to Paddington Road, cross the <4 several Northern Roads, will be of great Utility to the Public; and that the Trustees of Mary le Bone Turn-4ipike had at a General Meeting on the 8th Day of this instant January, come to Resolution to take into their Trull Part of the said new intended Road, viz. that Part thereof which extends from Paddington Road to Tottenham Court, a Motion was made by Kir. WhiOiaw,

44 and seconded by Mr. Erringlon, to take into his Trull so much of the said intended Road as will lead from Islington to Battle Bridge, with proper Power to extend 4: the same to Tottenham Court, and to take an additional Toll on the said intended Road. And the Question being thereupon put,

44 Rcfoived unanimously, That this Board doth agree to the said Motion: And,

Ordered, That a Committcebe appointed to consider of proper Methods to carr y the said Kefolutioninto Exe- cution, the said Committee to consist of the Trustees present, and such others as shall attend, or any Five of them, who are to meet at this Place on Tv. fday next at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that they a do adjourn from time to time as they shall find Occa- lion, and report their Proceedings at the next General Meeting.

44 A true Copy, examined per Humphrey Elmes,

44 Clerk to the said Trustees."

And Mr. Elmes informed your Committee, That the said Reiblution was agreed to unanimously in a Meeting of 2 9 Trustees.

And that he thinks the Method prefeished in the said Reioiution would be a Means more effectually to make and keep in repair the said intended Road.

In Support of the Allegations of the Two last Petitions,

Mr. John Becuda, one of the Duke of Bedford's Stewards, being examined, said, He knows the Road from Tottenham Court to Fig Lane and Battle Bridge: That it is very good, much in the same Condition asotherTurn-pike Roads are: That he has heard many People complain, that if the Road is carried across the Fields to Battle Bridge^ will much affect the adjacen^Places, particularly by obstructing the View, if Buildings are eretled on the Side of the new intended Road from Tottenham Court to Battle Bridge; and also that Mrs. Capper, who rents a very considerablcCowFarm at T0: ten ham Court ,of the Duke of Bedford\ fays, That the great Concourse of People which the new Road will draw across those Fields, and the Dull it w:ll occasion, will be Inch a Prejudice to her, that (lie cannot hold the Farm withoutaconfidcrable Abatement:

That there is a public Foot Way across the Duke of Bedford'sand Duke of Grafton's Fields, which leads to Highgate, Hampfead\ and Kentish Town; and that he has heard several of the Inhabitants of Bloomsbury (ay, that if the new intended Road is made, it will be a great Disappointment to them, on account of the Dull that will incommode them when they \va k out in the adjacent Fields:

That Mrs. Capper's Land lies both North and South of the new intended Road, but that on the North not conti-

6 E guous:

474 250 Februarii. J. 1750.

Paddington guous: That the Land immediately adjoiningon the North New Road. parj. taclc itgs to the Duke of Grafton; he has Two Fields there, through one of which the Road is intended to be made, and the other will lie North of the Road, and Mrs. Capper has Lind beyond that: That the intended Road will be within less than Haifa Mile of the North End of Southampton Row by Sixty-six Feet, and that it is about a Furlong from thence to the Line of Great Russell Street: That Bloomsbury from North

to South, is 400 Feet: That the Dull in Hampstead Roads flies as far as Kentijn Town, and that Dust spoils the Hay after it is cut; and he thinks if the Road was to be kept constantly watered, it might be prevented, but that is r.ot probable; and he mentioned, as an Instance, Westminster Bridge, which, though watered twice a Day, is frequently duffy in the Middle-of the Day.

Then being allied what Prejudice he thought the Petitioners would lcceive from the new intended Road ? he said, That if the Sides of it, from Tottenham Court to Battle Bridge, Should be built upon, the Duke of

ford’s E(tate will be prejudiced in point of View: That the Meadow Lands will be of less Value on account of the Dust, and of the great Number of People that will go over them: That Mrs. Capper's Land letts now for about £.3 per Acre: That he imagines the Duke of ford will not be able to get a Tenant to her Farm to give so much for it 3s (he now does.

And, being crols-examined, he said. That so many People wdl not life the Road if it is carried through

Lane, as will if carried straight across: That the new Road might be of Advantage on account of Riding, and on account of going into Essex, &c. to go

by Fig Lane, is about: That if it is made as fil'd proposed, it will preserve the Pavements, but then it will affest the Thorough fare Trade to the City -r and that he thinks the Houses from Oxford as far as Snow will be affected in their Rent: That Travellers will not go the new Road unfed they intend to go through without flopping, and that to make the new Road at all will be a Prejudice; and that if Lands are separated, that which lies furthest from the Road will be worth most: 'That he apprehends it will do as much Damage to the Duke of Grafon’s Lands as to the Duke of Bedford's: That Dud hurts Padua* Land ;but that he has not heard other Farmers thereabouts complain :That the Road can be no Advantage to Mrs. Capper, as her Fields will not immediately border on it r That her Lands will have all the Inconveniences, but none of the Conveniences: That the Land between her and the Road is the Duke of

ted s; and, if he was disposed to build thereon, he apprehends that neither the Duke of Bedford nor Mrs. Capper could prevent it} and that if a Bill was to pals, with a Clauff to prevent building, it would be of Advantage to the Duke of Bedford.

Mr. George Stevenson, Servant to the Dukeo

an Agent in Bedford Houf Office, being examined, laid, That he had heard Complaints made by the Inhabitants of Great Rv.fjeii Street and Southampton Row, of the g e.t Nuisance the new Road will be to them, on account of the Dust, and the Prospect beingobftrudtedjbut he said he could not name any particular Names: That he has never heard the Land Owners complain.

He then produced to your Committee a Letter which Mrs. Capper had given him, to be delivered to Mr. Be-cuda, and which lhe acknowledged was for the Duke of Bedford: 'Fuat he carried it to the Duke, who opened and read it, and then gave it him back to delivered here; and the said Letter was read to your Committee, and is annexed in the Appendix, N° i.

And being allied the Question, he said. He never saw Mrs. Capper write; he does not know who inditedthe said Letter, he never heard; he believes it was not prepared at Bedford House.

And being again asked, he said. He believed Mrs. Capper indited it herfelt: That the new Road will prejudice the North Side of Great Russell Street, Southampton Row, Southampton Street, and other Estates of the Duke of Bedford, on account of Dust: And if the Sides of the new

n

Road should not be built upon, the Prosped won’t beob-strudted; it may now be obstructed by Plantation, but not so much as by Building: He cannot tell whether it will be detrimental to Mr. Corks’s or the Duke of Grafton's Estates; the Houses lie about Haifa Mile from the new intended Road, and it will be a Nuisance to all the Lands: That in case the new Road is made, more Paths will be made, and the Fences will be broke down: That he cannot tell whether a MancantakeaLeafe of the Duke of Grafton's Estate, and plant there: That every Man may do what he pleaseth with his own Land: That if the new Road is made, it will be a great Prejudice to the Duke of Bedford's Estate in general.

And being asked the Question, he said, That if the new Road is made, it will be a Convenience to the Public, but he could give no Reason for it: That he did not know any Convenience it would be to the Proprietors of Lands; but that it would be the better for Cattle to be drove that Way to Smithfield, and that it will prejudice the Duke of Bedford’s Estate several Hundreds per Annum.

And being asked how far a House of £. too per Annum will be damaged ? he said, He could not (ay, it isimpoffible to guess; but that he believed a House of£. 100. per Annum would be reduced to Ninety Pounds., on account of the Dust from the new Road, and the Buijding thereon, and that it would be equally convenient to the Public to go round by Fig Lane: That the Mu-feum at Montagu House will beaflected with the Dust from the new Road, throughit is not so near as is: That Montagu House is nearer the Road which leads from St. Giles’s Pound that it will be to the new Road: It is about Two hundred Yards distant from tire old Road but that there are Houses built, which prevent in a great measure the Dust flying from that Road to Montagu House, but that it will be more affected by Two Roads than One: That the Dust from the new intended Road will not affect Mr. Lee’s or Mr. NoePs Houses in Bloomsbury Square; and that he has not heard any Complaints of the Mufeunn being prejudiced by the Dust from the old Road.

Mr. John Homeward, Surveyor, living at Rotherhith, being examined, said, That lie has measured the Road from Tottenham Court, through Fig Lane, to Battle Bridge, and finds, that it wants Five Rods of being a Mile and an Half; and from Tottenham Court to Battle Bridge, as the new Road is intended to be carried, is J of a Mile and Ten Rods, Difference Haifa Mile One Furlong and Twenty-four Rods:

That the several Expences of making the intended new Road cross the Pasture Land, from Tottenham Court to Battle Bridge, will, with £. 343 1 if. gd. lor the Purchase of Land, to make it 60 Feet wide, amount to £ 1,446 155. gd.

Then being asked what Condition the Road through Fig Lane is in at present ? lie said. That it is in a very g :od Condition That it is a low Road: That there is Room for Two Carriages to pals on every Part of it: That he thinks 60 Feet a proper Width for a Road: That the old Road is about iS Feet wide, and that it would not cost Half so much to widen that Road as it will to make the new one: That Pancras IVafo has no Ruts in it, nor Water enough tft wet a Person that walks with Care; and that he does not know that it is the common Drain for the adjacent Parts: That the Duke of Grafton's Land is as good as the Duke of Bedford's if not better, because it lies higher, and that Lands which lie high are easily drained; and he liid before the Committee an Estimate of the Expence of making the new lload, amounting to £.2,446 i3f. gd. and also an Estimate for repairing and widening the old Road through Fig Lane to Battle Bridge, amounting to £. 768 1 js.od. which laid Eflirnates are hereunto annexed, N° 1. and 3.; and said, that he supposes no Foot Way necessary to the old Road, there being a Foot Way across the Meadows already; and therefore lie has calculated it to be ThirtyFeet wideband toftraighten the Road where the Banks obstruct the View; That he observed the Land at Fig Lane to be loomy, and from Pancras Church to Battle Bridge of a gravelly Kind.

29 Geo. II.

45° Februarii.

475

Mr. Humphrey Elmzs, Clerk and Treasurer to the Truf- unanimous for making a new Road from IJlhgtcn to Battle Paddington tees appointed by several Acts of Parliament for repair- Bridge, with Power to extend the Road to Tottenham Ntw Road, ing the Roads to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampstead, Court, and take an additional Toll, and then appointed a

laid before your Committee an Account of Money re- Committee to consider of Methods for carrying it into

ceiveci and disbursed by the said Trustees for Five Years, Execution.

to nth October 1755, and the total Debt then Handing And he said, That mi ny Gentlemen are ready to lend

out upon the Credit of the Tolls coiie&ed by virtue of Money on Credit of the Tolls: That he never heard any

the said Acts, which is hereunto annexed, N°4: That of the Creditors make any Difficulty, but quite the con-in 1750 the Debt was J. 9,006 1 $scf d.and Five Years trary, and that theprincipa) Creditoralways atftsas Chait-

before that it was, as he believes, £.11 or 12,coo, and man; and a Trustee of undoubted Property has <<f!ered that there has been a yearly Saving of the Income of the to farm the Toils, though the Road iliould be carried Tolls: That he has heard no Complaints from the Cre- from Tottenham Court to And,'

ditors, that the new Road would lessen their Securities: Mr. being examined, said, That others, as well

That a Gentleman, present at one of their Meetings, pro- as himself, are ready to take the new Road: That he poled to lend more Money; and he believes many of the thinks it will be one of the most profitable Under akdigs Trustees will do the lame, if it is wanted. he erer knew: That Pancras Wash is a Drain to the Coun-

Then being shewn the Petition to which there are 25 try thereabouts, and is almost impassable in frosty Wea-

..... ther: That Murders and Robberies are often committed

there: That both the and Fig Lane are tco narrow.

Names subscribed, he said, There are Nine who he does not remember to have seen at any Meeting of the

Trustees: That the rest have acted, but notconstantly: and that it will cost more to repair them than to inake That all General Meetings are ad vortifed; and that he had the new Road:

an Order to advertise fora General Meeting on the 14th That a good Road might be made from Battle Bridge Day of ‘January, to take into Considerat ion a Scheme for to the Tile Kiln, and so cross the Fields to the West End taking into the Trull Part of the new Road; and, upon of Fig Lane which will lave a Quarter of a Mile: That looking at the Minutes taken at that Meeting, he laid, it will be advantageous to make the new Road straigHt there were 29 Trustees present, but did not find that any across the Fields, and the Trull would gain largely by it, of the Petitioners were then present; and the Resolution and it will notk-flen the Security; and that he had offered of that Meeting was, to take into the Trust lo much of to lend 1,000 upon the Tolls,

the new intended Road from Islington to Paddington as will Mr. James Surveyor to Ifdtfg Turnpike, be

lead from Islington to Battle Bridge, with proper Power ing examined, laid, That Pancras , from the East

to extend the same to Tottenham Court, and to take an End ol Fig Lane to Battle Bridge Turnpike, is i,oib additional Toll on the said intended Road. Yards: That it is a Drain for the Country in general;

Then he informed your Committee, That there was That after a good deal of Rain the Wash is sometimes another General Meeting held on the nth Day of this from Two to Four Feet deep in Water: That it isover-instant February; and the Resolution of the Trustees pre- flowed at present, and is always very bad in (roily Wea-sent at that Meeting was read to your Committee; and is . ther: That it is hut 22 Feet wide, and ought to be 40 as followeth; Feet wide at least: That Fig Lane is 506 Yards long, and

" At a General Meeting of the Trustees of Islington but 20 Feet broad: That Carriages can hardly pass each " Turnpike, held at the Red Lion Coffee House in other, and that the Soil is intirely Clay.

" Red Lion Street, CUrkenwetl, on fVednesday the He then produced to your Commit- /. d.

" 11 ih Day of February 1756; tee an Efumate for widening Pancras

Prclent,

EditsGrd RuJIj worth Esquire, in the Chair:

" Geo. Cooke, John Edwards, Geo. Peter

" Storer, Robert Thomas, Matthew Langley, Edmund " Byron, Charles Dingley, Hamond Crvfie, John cote, Richard Whijhaw, George Esquires, " Mr. John Crutchfield, Mr. Jonathan , Mr.

" John Souths, Mr. Jonathan , Mr. IVm. Pardoe, Mr. John Jennings, Mr. Edward Price, Mr. " Henry IViitiams, Mr. Edward Dover hill, Mr. Ri-

chard Holmes, Mr. Daniel Radford, Mr. John

Wash and Fig Lane, amounting to —

And also an Estimate for purchasing Land for widening the said Roads

M37

IO

amounting to

207 12 —

Total

- 2,045 2 —

Which Estimates are annexed in the Appendix, N° 5.

and 6.

He also produced an Estimate of the Chargefor making the new intended Road from Battle Budge to "Tottenham Priejfy Mr. Francis Goodge, Mr." Samuel Wifon, Court, amounting to£. 1,5 >;. i8j. od. which is likewise 14' John Smithy Mr. Thomas Marlton, Mr. Tko- annexed in the Appendix, N° 7.:

That the Land on each Side the Wash Road is not so goo:) as the other Land to be purchased: That Ground is valued upon account of its Situation for Uie, and it is an Advantage to Land to lie by the Road; and that he knows no Way so proper as the new intended Scheme,

<c Mr " mas Haute j " Resolved unanimously, That this Board doth adhere M to the Resolution of the last General Meeting, to take €€ into this Trull so much of the new intended Road from 4t Islington to Paddington as will lead from Islington to

Battle Bridge, with proper Power to extend the same Vis not subject to so much Wet, nor liable to any of the to Tottenham Courty and to take an addition Toll on Objections as the Washes.

<c the said intended Road

44 A true Copy, examined per Humphrey Elmes9 Clerk " to the said Trustees."

Then he mentioned Two of the Persons who have signed the Petition, who were present at the Meeting of the 1 ith instant; but laid, that lie does not remember that they made any Objection to the Proceedings, and that the Petitioners had not inspected the Accounts lately.

And beingafked when the Trustees werefirft applied to for taking in the new Road? he said, At the General Meeting held upon the 13th of August, when they came to a Resolution not to intermeddle with the Propolai:

Mr. William Thomas, the other Surveyor to the IJIi/ig-ton Trustees, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Ing/is.

Mr. Thomas Marshy Land Surveyor, laid, That he had measured the Ground from Tottenham Court Toll Gate to the West End of Fig Lane, which is j,o6o Yards, Fig Lane is 509 Yards, and thence to Battle Bridge is 1,015, the Whole being One Mile and an Half and Yards; That he had measured the new intended Road from Battle Bridge to Tottenham Court, which is Three Quarters of a Mile and Ten Yards leis than the other; measured in the Merle Track all the Way: That he has measured from Southampton Roza to the intended Road, which is

The Gentlemen were divided in their Opinions, thinking 8^7 Yards fr un the Duke of Bedford's:, it too great an Undertaking to make the Road from IJUng- Eduard Rnjhworth Esquire, one of the Creditors of ton to Tottenham Court at once; but at the Meeting of the the Islington Turnpike, said, That he has at times lent 14th of January, when the Scheme was altered, they were £.4,000. Part of the £.-6,000. the present -Debt upon Vol. 27* ih:

25° Februarii. 1756.

Paddington the Turnpike: That he is acquainted with the Affairs New Road. of the Turnpike, and waswilling toadvance^.6 or 10,000 on the Tolls, if it was carried on as first intended, and that the new Road will be an Addition to the Trust of at lead: £.400 per A; but that if it is earned through Fig Lane, it will not produce so much; for a straight Road will be moll frequented, and of consequence produce the greatest Tolls: and that he thinks a Perl'on living Half a Mile from the Road cannot be annoyed by the Dull.

APPENDIX, N* 1.

My Lord,

TAM informed of a Road intended to be made at the Back of your Grace’s Estate, which, from the Dull and Number of People, must intirely spoil those Fields, and make them no better than one common Land.

I most humbly intreat your Grace to prevent such an Evil, for it will be impossible for me to hold your Grace’s Estate without a large Abatement of Rent.

I am, with all Submission,

Your Grace’s most dutiful and obedient Servant,

Feb. 14. 1756. Capper.

N* 2.

Estimate of the several Expences of making the intended new Road across the Failure Land from Tottenham Court to Battle Bridge, as followeth;

The Road supposed to be 40 Feet wide, with a Ditch, and Oak Poll and Rail on each Side which will make the whole Ground to be purchased 60 Feet wide at least. Scantling of Polls 6 Inches square Rail

1. For Purchase of 2^ Acres 18 Rod

and 144 Feet of Land of the Duke of Grafton, at 4. per Acre, at 30 Years Purchase - 283 10 —

2. For Purchase of £ an Acre of 23 Rod

184 Feet of Land in the Field, the Property of John Cocks Esquire, at £. 3. per Acre, at 30 Years Purchase - - - 57 18 9

But, Query whether Mr. Cocks will not expect to be paid/or near an Acre of Land that will be left in a Corner of the Field, which will be of but little Use to a Tenant after the Road is taken off.

3. For Purchase of 1 Acre 38 Rod

144 Feet of Land, the Property of the Skinners Company, at £. 3. 10. per Acre, at 30 Years Purchase - 129 18 9

4. For Purchase of £ an Acre 30 Rod

and 80 Feet of Land, the Property, of Beavers Esquire, at ' £. 3. 10. per Acre, at 30 Years Purchase - - - - 72 3 9

And the same Query as above arises in respect to this Field, which will be of little Value to a Tenant af-. ter the Road is made.

5. For making444iRods of Ditching,

at 5;. per Rod - - - r 11 — —

6. For 133 Road Polls, to poll off

the Foot Way, at 6s.per Poll - 39 18 —

7. For 444 Rods of Poll and Rail

Fence, at 13*. 6 dper Rod - 299 14 —

8. For building a Brick Arch and Appurtenances, where the Duke of Bedford’s Road crosses the intended new Road - - - 20 — —

9. For building a Brick Bridge,

over the Water at Bat Bridge 35 — —

10. For Purchase of 7 Thousand Ba-

vins 6 Feet long, to wood that Part of the Road that is to be purchased of Mr. Cocks and the Skinners Company, at ro per Thousand - - - - 70 — —

11. For Purchase of 6,000 Load of

Gravel, at 3*. 6 d.a Load - 1,050-----

12. For Labour for making the said

Road - 277 10 —

£-2,446 13 3

Measured and valued the 5th February 1756.

John Homeward.

The Measure of the Roads*.

First from the Turnpike at Tottenham Court, along Fig Lane, to the Turnpike at Battle Bridge, is 7,840 Feet, which is 1 Mile £ One Furlong and 35 Rods.

The new intended Road 4,131 Feet which is f of 2 Mile 10 Rods.

Therefore the Difference is 3>7°9 Feet, which is f a Mile 1 Furlong 24 Rods farther than the new intended Road.

N° 3* -

A View of the Road from the West End of Fig through the said Lane, to Battle Bridge, with an Account of the present Width and Distance of the Extremes before-mentioned.

The Road is now in very good Condition, and at the narrowed Part, is r.ot less than Eighteen Feet wide in the Clear, and from Eighteen to Twenty, Twenty-two, and Thirty Feet; and, if it should be thought convenient to widen the lload to Thirty Feet it may be done in the manner following viz.

From Station the First, at the Wed End of Fig Lane, to Station the Second, at the Ead End, is 1,281 Feet in Length.

To widen on the North Side, next the Duke of Bedford’s Land, 10 Feet, which will make the Road 30 Feet.

From Station the Second to Station the Third is 376 Feet in Length, to widen on the North Side next the Foot Way.

From Station the Third to Station the Fourth is 581 Feet in Length to widen off the South Side.

From Station the Fourth to Station the Filth is 1,073 Feet in Length, and widen on the North Side.

Edimate for widening the Road.

From Station the First to Station the Second.

For Purchaseof 47 Rod of Land, the Property of his Grace the Duke of Bedford, at £, 3 per Acre, at 30 Years

Purchase- - - - - 26 8

For digging and carting 1,897 Load of Gravel from the Duke of Bedford's Land to the lowed Part of the Road, at \s.per Load - - - 94 3,7

From Station the Second to Station the Third is now the Highway, therefore is no Expence of Purchase.

For digging and leveling 835 Yards of

Earth, at 6 d.per Y ard - - 20 X7

From Station the Third to Station the Fourth For Purchase of 22 Rods of Land, at £. 3. per Acre, 30 Yards Purchase 13 7

For digging and levelling 1 /S4 Yards

of Earth, at 6 d.per Yard - - 42 2

d.

9

6

6

For

29 Geo. II.

For purchasing 47 Rods of Land, at £ 3 per Acre, at 30 Years Purchase -

For digging and levelling 2,331 Yards of Earth, at Sd.per Yard -

For purchasing of 5,000 of Bavins 6 Feet long, atj£. ic per 1,000 - For purchasing of 2,000 Load of Gravel, at 3 s.6 d. per Load - For building Three small Brick Arches across the Road, each 30 Feet, at 5 s. per Foot-run - For moving the Rails, £sV. further into the Ground where the Road is widened, and making good Deficiency -

250 Februariu 477

£. J. d. For Labour to laying the Bavins and I-: d- ^dington

26 8 9 ipreading the Gravel - - - 30 — —

58 5 6 Survey, February the 19th. 768 17

John Homeward. ....

jo — — D. B. 47 Rods.

22 Rods.

350 — — 47 D°.

22 10 —

116 Rods in all. 80 f an Acre.

ij-----

N* 4.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Sums of Money received and disbursedby the Trustees appointed by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways leading to H Gatehouse and , for Five Years, to the 1 ith October 1755, and the Total Debt then Handing out upon the Credit of the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Acts.

Fr6m the 29th September 1750 to the jth 1751, inclusive

- - - 5th October 1751 to the 14th October 1752

- - - 14th October 1752 to the 13th 1753

- - - 13th October 1753 to the 12th 1754

- - - 12th October 1754 to the nth October 1755 -

Total Debt on Mortgages on the Tolls the 1 ith October 1755 For Ballast, Carriage, Qc. -

Rcceip's.

Disbursements.

£ d. 7 9 5

»9 4

3.5*7 1 2

3,428 — 6

3*3^7 15 11

£ s. d. 2,926 14 3,404 18 3,429 12 — 3,231 16 3.062 14 jF

6,000 — — 651 12 —

18th February 1756, examined per Humphrey Clerk and Treasurer to the said Trustees.

Total Debt

6,651 12 — i

N° 5.

An Estimate of widening Patter a the same being,

from the Tile Kiln Hou/e to Fig Lane End, 839 Yards

in Length, and at present but 22 Feet Aide on an Average, and the Ground in m ny Parts of each Side Ten Feet higher than the Surface of the Road.

To Labour in making the said 18

Feet wider, and taking up the Ballast, £. s. d. Uc. ----- 600 — —

To 500 1 ,oads of Ball a ft, at 4 s. - - 200 — —

To building a double Shore 3 Feet in the Clear, each Arch 2,517 Feet in Length ----- 777 10 —

To widening Fig Lane 20 Feet wider, the same being now but 20 Feet on an Average, 506 Yards in Length, and removing the Ground into

Wash ----- eoo — ——

To 300 Loads of Ballalt, at 4 r. - - 60--

N* 7.

An Estimate of the Charge of making the new intended Ro.td fr"m Battle Bridge to Tottenham Court, the same being of a Mile and 29 Yards.

To ditching and banking 488 Poles, at is.

per Pole -

To Labour in putting the Road in Form To Cartage of 5,380 Loads of Drift, at u.

To Briek Shores and necefiVy Bridges -To 4,380 Loads of Ballalt, at 34. 6 -

/. s. d. ' 24 8 -

30-----

269 — —

40 — —

700-----

The Purchase of the Land, through which the Road is inttm ed to be made, will, on an Average, amount to -

1,063 8 —

44* to —

£.1,5'$ 18 —

£. 1,837 10 —

Exclusive of the Purchase of the Land on the West Side of Pancras Wash, and South Side of Fig Lane.

N° 6.

The Length of that Part of Pancras £. s. d. IVajhneceflary to be widened, being 2,517 Feet, and 18 Feet wide, contains One Acre and Poles, which, at £.4 per Acre, and 30 Years Purchase,

conies to - - - - -120 2 —

The South Part of Fig Lane, to be widened 20 Feet, and 1,518 Feet in Length, contains 2 Roods and 30 Poles, at £. 4 per Acre per Annum, and 30 Years Purchase, comes to - - 87 10 —

£ 2C7 12 —

V()L. 27.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehm/e and and from

St. Giles's Pound to Kilburn Bridge, in tiic County of Middlesex, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington to the Edge ware Road near

and allb from the North End of Portland Street, crols the Farthing Pye Hou/e Fields, into the said new i'oad; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Taxi several Acts for repairing the said Roads from Giles Pound to Kilburn Bridge: And that Mr. Cooke an ! Sir Beauchamp ProElor do prepare, and bring m, the fame.

Mr. Wyndham Obrien reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill far enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 2ad Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbor.' of

6 F

Ellen foot HarbourT

Lrigh’s

Name.

Act

rehti'-g

Q^aramj

Brancepeth

Inclosure.

Boughtnn,

ftc»

lodufare.

White

Panfli

Roads.

W^rrM Hill Road.

478

Fchruarii.

A

*75$.

Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be triie - and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwar Is delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question feveially put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Keck presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable James Leigh Esquire, now called James Perrot, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Perrot, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Perrot Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Aningrofled Bill to explain and amend aCiause in an 1 A<fh, made in the a$th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act. to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey, Jetjey, Alderney, Sark, or Man-, whereby the Rationing of Ships infected with the Plague to the Northward of Cape Finisterre is confined to the Harbour of Netv Grimsby,

and removable to no other Place; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 9. To leave out " Stark," and insert " Sark."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the 26th of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Guernsey.Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; whereby the stationing of Ships infected with the Plague to the Northward of Cape Finisterre is confined to the Harbour of New Grimsby, and removable to no other Place, and for appointing a more fate and commodious Place instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Godolphin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Wastes or common Grounds in the Parish of Brancein the County of Durham, without any Amendment: And alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Boughton and Pisford, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of White Parish, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunivood. I till, and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Injra, to Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to 18

enable iheTruflces for repairingOA/Street Po-.d, to repair, widen, and make a R< ad, from the Si-n of the Red Lion on IVindmi/lHill, through Worship , to the Ditch

Side next the E d! Side of Hoh;Well Meant, and t hr ugh

a certain Ground to the Sign of the the Pai ilhes ofiSV. Luke and St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the County of Middle/,ex-, or to lay open, repair, and widen, a Road from the said Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into

the Old Street Road, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the McfTengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigleyhave Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for the Recovery of his Health. AWa.ce.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Cards and Dice for Seven Years, from 2d August 1748 to 2d August 1755, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Coals exported fr m England from Christmas 1747 to Chriflm 1754, distingutlhing each Year, together with the Produce of the Duties paid thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Culm exported from England from Christmas 1747 to Christmas 1754,distinguishingeach Year, together with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dire£Ld him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 26° die;

Anno 29* Georgii II1" Regis, 1756. Prayers.

APETI HON of several Merchants and Traders in the City of London, concerned in the Sale and Exportation of British and Irish Linen, and the various Manufactures of Linen mixed with Si:k, Cotton, and Worsted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of the m-

lcJvcs

Way. and Mum.

Lorn

Biaimuctarti

Accounts of Arrears of

Land Tax.

Kenfiogtwi

Parochial

Rates.

Accounts; Linens exported.

Whale

Fishery,

FUenfoot

Harbour.

29 Geo. II. 26° Fe479

feivcs, and all others concerned in the said Manufactures, was pre'eriied to the House, and read; alleging, That the gi anting a Bounty upon the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linen*., and taking off the Duty now payable on the Importation of foreign Linen Yarn, will be of great Advantage to the Trade anti Navigation of these Kingdoms: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, in Support of the Bill depending in the House for those Purposes* against any thing which may be offered in Oppo' fition thereto.

The House being informed. That fbme of the Comtllissioners for Taxes attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Banding out at Lady-day last, with the Names of the respective Receivers, in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishingeach Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof: And also,

An Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses were (landing out at Lady-day last, wtth the Names of the respective Receivers, in whole Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amunglt the other Papers of this SelHon.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestry, of the Parish of Kojinin the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets within the said Panlh, was committed, be revived.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners ul the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Bounties on and Irish coarse

Linens exported from Scotland, paid out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, to the 5th of January 175b, inclusive, pursuant to a Clause of an Act of the 20th, and a Clause of an Act of the 22d of his present Majesty: together with the Quantities of the several Species of Linen for which the said Bounties have been paid: And also.

An Account of what Number of Ships have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Straits and the Greenland Seas, from Scotland,v/ith their respectve Names

and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Ports they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins have been imported by each Ship, respectively, from the 10th of October 1754, to the 10th ot October 1 ,55.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration or the Report from the.Comtnit-tee, to whom t c Bill for enl irgtog the Term and Powers

granted by art Act. pulled in tin zzd Year of his present Majesty, fir repairing, enlarging, and preterving, the Har-

Vol. 27.

bour of EUenfoot, in the Cdiinty of Cumberland, be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Cdnsideration of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ia-gtoffed.

Mr. FoYrefter reported from the Committee, to whom M"cl>

the Bill fdr amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market-house in the Roads. Town of Much Wenlock, in the County of Salop, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a See >nd time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till To morrow Morning.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com- Rye mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Harbour. Powers granted and.continued by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour o in the County,

of Kent, and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in die County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness, is committed.

A Petition of several of the Freeholders and Inha. Mortimers bitants, and Persons usually residing, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Road leading from Mortimers Cross to the Place where the Roads to East Hampton and Shobdon divide; and also the Road leading from the Rye by the Maidenhead, to the North West Corner of the Lane leading from the Poll-way to Comkerto in the County of Hereford-, are already Part of Two Turnpike Roads; but that no Turnpike hath been erected on either of them; and that the said Roads are in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow: And there* fore praying, That, in the Bill depending in the House, for amending, repairing, and widtning, the Roads leading from the Rye Way, in the Parish of 2~arpocle, in the County of Hereford, to Pres eigne, in the County of Radnor, and from thence to Leintwardine, and irom Jieigne, through Nafti, to the Top of Trap HiP, and to fVooferton, in the County of Hereford aforesaid, Provision may be made for amending and widening the said Roads mentioned in this Petition, and for repealing so much of any former Turnpike Acts as relate, thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Bateman, Mr. Core, Mr.

Prowse, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Gift, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wilkiujon, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.

Hayes, Mr. Dig by, Sir Charles MMr. Mr. Calvert, Mr. Onslow, Mr. A oiyneux, Mr. Mr. Martin, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Colleton, Mr. More, Sir Wm. BeauchampProElor, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Be!elder. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Cooke,

Mr Reynolds, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. harbor, Mr. Layn-tun, Mr. Gul/i on, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Sir Cor del Fire-

brace, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Walter, Lord Mr.

Aldworth, Mi. Keck, Mr. Wynne, Sir John Wynn, Sir Turner, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Grenville, Sir Thomas Robiufon,

Mi. Walpole, Mr. Morgan; and all the Members uho serve for the Counties of Hereford, , -

cester, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Aiter-noon at Five.of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber t

And

480 $6° Februarii. T756.

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

dipping Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition CnuKh, &c. of (he Minister, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. John, Wopping, in the County of Jex, and of several Owners of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rtft of the Inhabitants and Owners of Premises within the said Parish, was referred, be revived.

Wait’Voton Mr. Monson reported from the Committee, to whom Kuld ^etlt'on {he Gentlemen, Clergy, and others, whole

0 ' Names are thereunto subscribed, who have frequent Occasion to pass through a certain Road leading from the North End of Wadding ton Field, in the County of the City of Lintoln, unto the said City of Lincoln; and also one other Road leading from the Bridge over the River IVy-tham, in the Parish of Bracebridge, in the County of the said City of Lincoln, unto the said City; and also one Other Road leading from the Gate at the Foot of wicke Hill, over Part of the South Common in the County of the said City, by the Side of the Little Bar Gates of the said City; was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the tame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Garmflon and Mr. John Servant, being severally examined, laid, That the Roads described in the said Petition are great Roads, and are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the Laws in being; and that the Payment of Tolls may he evaded by the Passage of Cattle and Carriages through a Road leading from the Causeway in the Parish of Saint Boto/ph, in the City of Lincoln, to the Little Bar Gates; and that the said Road may, without any Inconveniency to the Inhabitants of the said City, be stopped up, and fold.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Biii for repairing and widening the Roads from the North End of Dunfby Lane, in the County of Lincoln, over Lincoln Heath, to and through the City of Lincoln, and the Bail and Close of Lincoln, to the South West Corner of Rife-holm Hedge, and to Carholm Gate in the said City, and from Carholm Gate, over Saxleby Bridge, to Hooke, and from thence to Dunham and Littleburgh Ferries; and for enforcing the Performance of Statute-work upon the Highways communicating with the said Roads, to a certain Distance from the said Roads; That they do make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the North End of Field, and

from the Bridge over the River Wytham at BracebriJge unto the said City, and from the Gate at the Foot of Can-xvicke Hill, by* the Little Bar Gates, to the Great Bar Gatesof the said City.

Bedford Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, to

Level whom the Bill for establishing a Fund for Payment of the

Bonds'0" ®on{'s ^e Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of *’ the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and forexchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for enabling the -said Corporation to borrow further Sums for the Use of the said Great Level; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, except in some Particulars mentioned in the said Bill, in the dating of which there appeared to be a Mistake; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the 18

House; and he read the Report in h’s P acc; and after-waiusdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made. That the Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common Pallures, vraile Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manors and Parishes of Sow, in the County of Warwick, and County of the City of Coventry, be now read a Secon d time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by l is Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Inlercft is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Lord Dupplin, Mr. More, Mr. , Mr.

West, Me Gore, Mr.. HardingMr. Grenville, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Bowes, Sir J- Crofj'e, Mr. Alderman Dickmfon, Mr. Cooke, S:r Cor del Fir ear ace. Sir Edmund Iftiam, Mr. Foley, Mr. Kynaft Mr. Mn

Reynolds, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. Colleton, Sir joint Philipps, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Mr. Fel/oivcs, Lord Strange, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Sir Charles

daunt, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Afflak, Mr. Rigby, Sir Calvert, Mr. Hume, Mr. GulftonMr. Pye, Mr. Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gufiry, Mr.: EUtot, Mr Talbot, Mr. chier, Mr. Torke, Mr Bayntuv, Mr. Potter, Sir Coiners D Arcy, Mr. Whichcot, Kir. Drax, Mr. Mr Bond, Mr. Medlicolt, Mr. Craven, Sir Armine Mr.

Lvfter, Mr. Bagot, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Vernont Mr. Rowwy, Lord Milton, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Trift, Mr.

Aldworth’, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, and Lincoln:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A MefTige from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Mountague:

Mr. Sneaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting inTruftces certain Mtifuages, Lands, Tenements, and Farms, in the County of Surrey, settled upon the Marriage of Richard Dickson Shin: Esquire, with Elizabeth, his now Wife, to be loid ana convyed, pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the P irchafe-money in other Lands and Tenements, to be lettled to the Lies of their Marriage Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And a! o.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intitul. d. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Parson Gentleman, and Honour, his Wife, in Trustees, to lie fold for railing Portions for younger Children, and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of their Maniage Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tloufe, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money therein to be mentioned, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inllruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for extending to Ireland the several Clauses therein contained, against the Sales of Chances of Tickets thereby

pro-

Sow

Indoiurc.

Skrine’l

Jibuti.

Parson*

Estate.

Supply Bill; Lottery,

29 Geo. II.

2 6° — 27" Februarii.

481

prohibited; and to extend also to Ireland the several former Laws made against private and unlawful Lotteries.

Then the House resolved itfeJf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chariton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plealc to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mnen

Manufacture.

Dili

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Reftimtton of a Spanish Prize.

A Petition of Merchants, Tr;idefrnen, and other principal Inhabitants, of the City of Brifioli And alibi

A Petition of the Persons, whole Names ate thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousand Famil ies of Poor, and others, inhabiting in the Northern Parts of the County of Laticaster: And also,

A Petition of the Nobiemen and Gentlemen of the County of Renfrew: And also,

A Petition of the Noblemen and Gentlemen of the County of Lanark;

Wer* severally presented to the House, and read; representing several ill Consequences, which the Petitioners allege, will arile from taking off the Duties upon the Importation of foreign Yarn: And therefore praying, That the Bill depending in the House f'lr that Purpose may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the several Manufacturers of the Town of IVincanton, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the Duty on foreign Linen Yarn was faken off, the Manufactures of Linen mixed with English Yarn, might, as the Petitioners apprehend, be greatly extended.

And the said Peritions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Injh Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported, is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Paper, containing the Petition, which had been presented to his Majesty, intituled, " The humble Petition of James Tierney, of London, Merchant, Agent for 41 and on behalf of, Don Libino Bernardo Vanderbrouck, 44 and others, Merchants, residing at Cadiz, and Subjects of his Catholic Majesty the King of Spain, Owners of the Money and Effects heretofore taken on board the c< Spanish Polacra Anna Maria y St. Felix, by a Squadron of your Majesty’s Ships under the Command of Ad- mirai Knowles" was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conli^cr further of the said Report.

have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, <0 aft and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictions and Qualifications

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read}

Ordered, That the Report trom the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be received To-mo* row Morning.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of several Merchants and Traders in the City of London, concerned in the Sale and Exportation of British and Irish Linen, and the various Manufactures of Linen rrtixed with Silk, Cotton, and Worsted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the said Manufactures (this Day presented to the House), be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported, is committed; and that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Count'd, before the Committee, upon their said Petition, against the Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants for discovering of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company.

Ordered, That Colonel George Bofcawen have Leave to make a Motion *.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Parson Gentleman, and Honour his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Portions for younger Children, and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of their Marriage Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneris, 270 die Februarii;

Anno 29* Georgii 1141 Regis, 1756.

Ways and Mean*.

Linen

Manuiacture.

Parfeo’s

ElUtCb.

A1

Allowing foreign Prott flams to bold Cotunnffion*.

Prayers.

BILL forinclofing and dividing the common Fields of alias in the county of ,

was read a Second time.

That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Charlton, Sir John

Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sir John Cud, Sir John

The Bill, now ingrossed, to enable his Majesty to grant CroJJ'e, Mr. Alderman Mr. Gore, Lord

Egle'on

Liuolurc.

Commissions to a certain Number of foreign Protestants, who have served abroad as Officers or Engineers to act and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Reftvictions and Qualifications, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdk-rs (or I he Yeas, j

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Com-

|i98.

| 64.

Mr. Forrester, Mr. Colebrooke, Mi. Herbert, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Foley, Colonel Whitmore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Garth, Mr. Calvert, Mr* FeHowes,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr* Sandys, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Sloper, Mr. Bowes, Sir Edmund Ifflam, Mr. Which-cot. Lord Donne, Mr. Wat Jon, Colonel Leslie, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Butler, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Marton, Mr.

Lafceiles, Mr. Bold, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Town-Jhend; and all the* Members who serve for the Counties of Rutland, Northampton, and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants, Tradesmen, Linen Manufacturers, and other Dealers in Linen Yam, within Maar.future:

Linen

millions to a certain Number of foreign Protestants* who in the County of Lancaster: And also,

VOL.

27-

6G

A Petition

481

270 Febru

A. 1756.

Linen A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto Manufacture. subscribed, on behalf Qf themselves, and many Thousand Families of Poor, and others, residing at -

ton, and Places adjacent, in the County of Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing several ill Consequences, which the Petitioners allege will arise from taking off the Duties upon the Importation of foreign Yarn: And therefore praying, That the Bill depending in the House for that Purpose may not pass into a Law.

Ditto. A Petition of several Manufacturers, Traders, and other

Persons, residing in and near the Town of , in the County of Lancaster, employed and concerned in the Manufacture of Linen and Cotton: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of several Manufacturers, Traders, and other

Persons, residing in and near the Town of in

the County of Lancaster, employed and concerned in the Manufacture of Linen, and the mixed Manufactures of Linen, Cotton, Silk, and Worsted: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Manufacturers and Traders, residing in and near the Town of in the County of Lancaster, employed and concerned in the manufacturing and vending Tapes, Incles, and Threads: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the under-written Manufacturers and Dealers in Threads and Tapes in and near the City of London: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of several Manufacturers, Traders, and other Persons, residing in and near the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, employed and concerned in the Manufacture of Linen and Colton: And also,

Ditto. A Petition of the several Manufacturers of the Town of Mere, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also. Ditto. A Petition of several Manufacturers, Traders, and other Persons, residing in and near the Town of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, employed and concerned in the Manufacture of chequered and flriped Linen, and Linen mixed with Cotton;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; mentioning several Advantages which, the Petitioners allege, will arise from taking off the Duties upon foreign Linen Yarn: And praying, That the said Bill may pal's into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of Br'ttish and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported, is committed.

Skrine’j An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Etlawi. for vesting in Trustees certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Farms, in the County of settled upon

the Mariiage of Richard Skrin: Esquire, with Eli-

zabeth, lus now Wife, to be loid and conveyed pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the Purchase-money in other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of their Marriage Settlement; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wenlock, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the &c. adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com-Roadj. mittee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Mar-ket-house in the Town of Much Wenlock, in the County of Salop, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Quetlion severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolTed.

An ingrolfed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Ellenfost, in the County of Cumberland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sad Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Loros, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act for the Sale of several Lands in Bedford Level, the Estate of the right honourable Henry Earl of Knigiit of

the most noble Order of the Garter, and Coun-

tess of Lincoln, hrs Wife, and for purchasing other Lands and Hereditaments of as great or greater Value, and settling the said Lands, so to be purchased, to the same Uses as the said Lands so to be sold are now settled; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Refo-ved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, a Clause in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of Bristol, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act; foreltablifiling, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the common Gaol for the County of Derby, upon a Place called Nuns Green, in the Liberty of the Town of Derby, and for appointing a proper Place for the Efe Custody of Prisoners till such new Gaol shall be completed; and to impower the Justices of the Peace for the said County to pay the Rent rc-served to the Corporation for the said Ground, out of the County Rates; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rebuilding the common Gaol for the County of Derby, upon a Place called Nuns Green, in the Liberty of the Town of Derby, and for appointing a proper Place for the safe Custody of Prisoners till such new Gaol shall be completed; and to impower the Justices of the Peace for the said County to pay the Rent reserved to the Corporation for the said Ground, out of the County Rates.

Ordered, That Mr. Venables Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Pucklechttrch and , in the County of Gloucester, to CltriJUan Malford , in the County of Wilts-, and also from Pucklechttrchatoresaid to certain

Coal Mines in the said Parish; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of P tickle church and Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts;

and also from Pucklechttrchaforesaid to certain Coal Mines

in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Hughes was referred, be revived.

14 Ordered,

Ellrnfc*

Harbour.

Etilof Lp'co1h,i EH ate.

1

Bristol

Watch.

Derby

GaoL

Mead Brook Road.

Westrmnfter Fith MirUt

29 Geo. IL 27 0 Februa4°3

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of proper Methods for better establishing the Fish-market at ;and

report their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

jipplyBlll; Mr. Char lion, according to Order, reported, from the

Lottery. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raise.l by vwiy of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second timfc, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing rolled.

lelcester, The Earl of Hillsborough reported from the Committee, &c. to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are Roads, thereunto subscribed, appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Leicesterto Nand from to

Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth, to IVnr-wick, and from thence to Halford Bridge-, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Hi on; and from Coventry to Marty ns Gutter, leading towards Stonsleigh Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, lor repairing the Road from Le't-cester to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, for putting the said Act in Execution, lo far as the same relates to the repairing that Part of the Road in the said Act mentioned, which leads from the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton, and from thence, through the Parishes of Coton and

Bedworth, in the County of Warwick, to Bidiops Gate in the City of Coventry, and also the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Coventry, and of the principal Inhabitants of the same City, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants within the same City; and also the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the City of Coventry.were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: w here the iame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the First and Third of the said Petitions,

An Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was produced, and read: And,

Mr. ll'illiam Dudley, Clerk to the Trustees appointed by the said Act, being examined, laid, That the Tolls granted by the said Act had been colkdted and applied in repairing the Roads, and paying the necessary incidental Expences:

That the Trustees had borrowed the Sum of 1,500, which had likewise been nearly expended in repairing the said Road; and he produced to your Committee, an Account taken from his Books of the Receipts and Disbursements of the said Trustees; by which it appeared, that, on the zzd of December last, there was only ^.4. os. remaining in the Hands of the Treasurer; but that the Trustees are in Pc.Ill (lion of some Lands, which are'to be sold, and will raise £.8 c, or thereabouts:

That the Road is about Fourteen Miles in Length: That feme Parts of it have never been repaired: That about Seven Miles have been mended, but very little of it completely; and that the Whole is at present in a ruinous Condition: That the Materials lie at a considerable Distance; and he decs not think the Tolls sufficient to repair it.

Vo l.27.

Beingafked as to the annual Receipts and Expences, he said, That the Tolls produced, per Annum,£ s. d. about - - - 259 O O

That the necessary Expences were £. s. d.

Interefiof J£.ip)ooat4f per Cent:67 10 o

Salary of a Surveyor - 25 o O

Two Gate-keepers, about 31 40

That the Clerk has not any Salary, but is paid for what Business he does, which may amount, per Annum, to 10 10 o

-----134 4 0

So that there retftains, for future Re-1 pairs, and paying the Imereft of any i 124 16 o further Sum borrowed, -J

He further informed your Committee, That he had seen an Estimateof the necessary Repairs, which amounted to f. 1,000 j but he thinks they will require £. 1,200; and that little or nothing more can be borrowed upon the present Tolls than is already borrowed upon them.

Mr. Joseph Parker, late Surveyor of the said Road, informed your Committee, That Part of the Materials, . Stone, lies at a great Distance: That they are carried, for the moll part. Two Miles, and, in one particular Part, Three Miles.

In Support of the Second Petition, the Petitioners called Mr. John Taylor: Who laid, That the Price of Coals had rilen in Coventry of late Years: That those from Bedworth Pits used to be sold, at an Average, from to ${d. the Cwt. in the Winter Season, and loinetimes 6 d. in frofly Weather: That they are now fold for 6d. and have been at 8 d. this Winter: That the Colliers said, they raised them on Account of the Toll, and could fell them at the same Price at the Coal-yards: That, last Year, the Price was from 6 <7. to 7 and the Year before from 5 d. to 6 d.: That he apprehended, an additional Toll would enhance the Price of Coals, and the Burthen would fall chiefly on the poorer Sort of People, who cannot afford to buy them by Waggon Loads.

Beingafked, If the Colliers could not fell their Coals as cheap, if they were obliged to pay a Toll of a Penny a Hone, and the Roads good, as without paying any Toll, if they were to travel through bad Roads? he laid, They might, if they were reasonable People; but they would make the Toll a Pretence to raise the Price; and that it was the general Opinion at Co, that the Toll would advance the Price of Coals:

That he thisks the Road may be repaired, if a Toll-gate was erected between Nuneaton and Bedworth, and a Toll of 9 d.paid for Waggons at that Gate, without any Toll on Horlesj and that this is the general Opinion.

Mr. Dudley, being again examined, said. That the

Gate between Bedworth and Coventry produces /.4 a Week, 0:1 an Average. And,

Mr. Parker further informed your Committee, That he tLinks the Tolls at present collected at this Gate are fuiilcieiu to pay the Interestof the Money borrowed, and keep that Part of the Road in Repair.

He added, that Mr. Parrott, who is Proprietor of the Coal Works at Bedworth, offered to take the Tolls collected at this Gate, for which he would oblige himielt to repair this Part of the Road, and pay 100 a Year towards the Repair of the other Part for Ten Years:

That the Statute-work would support the Road in every Parish, except Exhall’, if it was properly repaired:

That a Toll would increase the Price of Coal, and the People of Coventry are against it; but that a T.oll on Waggons would not hurt the Poor, because the poor Manufacturers in general buy their Coals off Horl'es; but the Rich supply themselves in Summer by Waggons.

Mr. Taylor further laid. That there was a Parish Meeting before the Act was obtained, when it was the general Opinion that no Toll ought to be laid on Horses: That they were promised there should not by the Persons who solicited the Bill; upon which, they made no farther Objection; but believes, if they had apprehended this, they would have opposed the Bill.

Being

484 27" — a 8° Febfuarii. A. 175 6.

Being asked, who the People were that made them this Promise ? lie laid, he did not rcmembei.

'John llnveit Esquire, laid, He was preterit at a Meeting, to confuit about a Bill for repairing the Road, when it was the general Opinion this might be done without laying any'l oll on Horses; and they signed the Petition, upon a Supposition that Horfts would be exempted, otherwise he thinks they would have opposed it:

That a Toll of One Penny a Horse will be an Addition of a Farthing a Hundred Weight on Coals, which will tall chiefly on the Poor, who can’t raiie Money to buy Waggon Loads of Coals; but would be obliged to buy at the Coal-yards.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sale of A Bill for veiling the Manor of and Hundred

D.mtw of Chippenham, and divers MeUuages, Lands, Tenements, anor’ and Hereditaments, in the County o late the Estates of Charles Earl of Peterborow and deceased, in

Trusteer, for raising a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hardline, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. West, Mr. Fellotccs, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Prou'fe, Mr. Sandys, Sir Charles Mordawit, Mr. Gybbon, - Mr. Bayntun, Mr. George Mr. Page, Mr. Kyuaf-

tou, Mr. 0/mins, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Lxster, Sir Mr.

St William Calvert, Mr. Cocks, Lord Strange, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Lijler, Mr.

Aldworth, Mr. Cur.lisse, Mr. Page, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr.

LevejoitGoiver, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Mr. Stanley, Lord Hill, Sir John Turner, Sir Eduard Turner, Sir Francis Mr.

Mr. Phillips, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Drax, Mr. Mr.

Amcolts, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Thai combe, Mr. Symons, Mr.

Trift, Sir Thomas Hales, Lord Mr. S el ivy 11, Mr.

Vyuer, Mr. Popham, Mr.; and all the Members

who serve for the County of Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Poole Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Harbour. betteralcertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Town and County of Poole-, and alii-) of Ballad and Boomage Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharfs; and for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establishing and regulating a nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets, in the said Town; was committed, be revived.

Linen

Manutadure. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itlelt into a Committee of the whole Hoi fr, upon the Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of Britishand Irish Linens exported, and taking oft' the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported;

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties on British and Irishcoarie Linens exported from paid out

of such Part of the old Subsidy, as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, to the Jth ot January 1756, inclusive, pursuant to a Clause of an Act of the 20th, and a Claul'c of an Act of the 2 2d of his present Majesty; together with the Quantities of the several Species of Linen for which tire said Bounties have been paid; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Bounties on Britisly and Irish Linens exported from the End of t he Session of Parliament of 27th of his Majesty, and paid in England out of lucii Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment ot Incidents, from 5th January 1755, to 5th January 1756; together with the Quantities for which the same were paid; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to *n *lt31' whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednes-day Morning next.

The postponed Order of the Day being read }

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the jyj whole House, upon the Bill for granting a Bounty upon "nUi certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dodington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dodington reported from the Committee, That they had made fume Progress in the Bill; and had heard Counsel, and examined some Witnesses, in Support of the Petition of the Fellowship of Merchants for

discovering of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned tiy Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat/, 2 S° die Februarii;

Anno 29° Georgii lldl Regis, 1756.

pRAYliRS.

A PETITION of several of the Gentlemen, Free- Dnnflnr, holders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Lincoln, was pretented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, for repairing the Roads from Littleborough Ferry, through the City of Lincoln, and so on to Dunsby Lane End, in the said County; and alleging, That die Road from Lincoln to Dunsby Lane End, except that Part which pafles through an inclosure, known by the Name of JohvJons Grounds, is not in want of Repair and that the Road from Lincoln to Ancqfler and Grantham is much more frequented than the Road from Lincoln to Dunsby Lane, and is, in some Parts thereof, extremely ruinous i and that the Money, which will arise by the Tolls paid at the Bar South of Lincoln will amount to tnore than will defray the Expence of the Roads intended to be made: And therefore praying, That a Road may be made towards Ancaster and Grantham to Lincoln, through {Haddington Town, by the Side of Harmston, Cole by, Boothby, through Navenby Town, and from thence to join the Road called the Street Road.

Oraered, That the said Petition bereferred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John ChJI, Sir Conyers D' Arcs,

Mr. Egerton, Mr. Hume, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Prozvfe, Sir Armine I. 'ode-house, Mr. Tnjl, Mr. Barrow; Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Cnffe, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Yorke, Sir Francis Drjhwood,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kyuaston,

Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Adore, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Phii/ipps,

Mr. Med Is cot, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Nugent, Mr, Myddelton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lijler, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gash-ry, Mr. John Delaval, Sir William Codrington, Mr. IjoJ-cedes. Lord Hillsboroughand all the Members who fr re for the Counties ot Lincoln, Nottingham, and 2crk: And

taey

9 Geo. II. 28° Fthru aril. 485

they »re to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in hatch, to Lor.g don, in the County of } wls read a the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Second time.

Persons, Papers, and Records. Rejcdved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hill, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Webb, Mr. Moore, Lord Gloucester, A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Sandhvrft, Lord , Mr Lo:d Mr.

So-. in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, Earle Mr. Nugent, Mr. Crefwe/l, Mr. Burrell, Mr -Road. arK| rcacjj alleging, That, besides the Statute Labour, the ward, Mr. Sir John Sir John

Petitioners are frequently obliged to raise Money for re- Mr. Mr. Pelham, Mr. Mr. Alderman

pairing the Hoads in the Laid Parish; and that the Road , Sir John Crofj'e, Mr. Fane, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Lifter,

leading from the said Parish to the City of Gloucestercomes Mr. Mr. , Mr. Mr. Berkeley,

into the Road leading from Tewkesbury to Gicucester, at a Mr. Yorke, Sir Charles , Mr. , Sir

Place called the King's Home Pound, which is not more Turner, Mr. Thornhagh, Lord Parker, Lord

than Five hunched Yards from the said City: And there- man, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Mr.

fore praying, That, in case an Act should pass for repair- Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

ing the Road from Tezvkesbuty to Gloucester, the Peti- Charlton, Sir Edward Turner, Lord Barrington, Mr. tioners, and the Inhabitants of the said Parish, going from Mr. Vernon, Mr. Trift, Mr. Alexander, Lord Mil-

Sandhurst to Gluucester, and going into the Road at the ton, Mr. Lord Do rone, Mr. Mr.

King’s Holme Pound, may be exempted from paying any Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Mr. Tozvnshend, Sir

Tolls. Armine Sir Charles Tynte, Mr. Palmer,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Mr. Walter, Mr. Monson, Mr. Mr. Foley-, and

until the Report be received from the Committee, to all the Members who I'erve for the County of Salop, whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road lead- and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet ing from the City of Gloucester to the Smith’s Shop at or this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s near a Place called Bedlam, being Part of the Road to ChChamber. ienham, in the County of Gloucester; and also the Road

leading from the said City to the Road leading from A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading

Teveke\ bury towards Cheltenham, near the Hand and from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford,

at Combe Hill, being Part of the upper Road to Tewkef-through the Hall Lane, as far as the same County bwy aforesaid, in the said County; is committed. extends; and from Kington to Mountain-, and

from Kington, through to Ear de(ley-, and

Aston Mr. Kvnaftcn presented to the House, according to from Kington, through Spend, to Wot ton, and

ltclosure. Order, a Bill for dividing and inc’ofing a Common or through the Holmes to and from Kington,

Moor c:\Wtrh*Aston and Shardlow Moor, and severalcom- through the Paiillics of Lions Had, Alrnely, Sarn field, and

\ mon Fields, Meadows, P.: flu res, and waste Ground^ Iv- Norton, to and from Kington, through the

ing within the Manor of Weston cum Membris, and Pi e- Parishes of Lions llall and to Eardisland-, and bendary of Sawdev, in the County of Derby: And the from Kington, through Tilley and Sta under the fame was received; and read the First time. Side of Hill, to Staple Bar; and from

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time. through Hall, to Bridge, and from thence

to Milton House, in the said County of; was-

Bnimpton Sir Conyers D’ Arcv presented to the House, according to read a Second time.

High Lane Order, a Bill for explaining and making more effectual. Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley,

oa^‘ an Act, gaffed in the 24th Year of the Reign of hispre- Mr. Lewis, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gafhry, Sir John

- lent Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the , Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Moore,

East End of Bruntpton High Lane, in the Couniy of York, Mr. , Mr. Bond, Mr. Amyand, Air.

to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and Mr. Lejlie, Mr. drift, Mr. Mr.

through the Towns of Ajkriggand Ingleton, in the said Air Mr. Yorke, Sir John , Mr. Wel-

County, to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of / Mr. Affleck, Mr. Wright, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. No>-

Lancaster-, and also for repairing the Road leading from they, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Thornhagh, Lord Milton, Mr. Richmond aforesaid through Gifting, Me If on by, and Aid- , Sir Charles Tynte, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bar-

b rough, to Lucy others ife Lously Cross; and from Gilling row. Sir Armine ll’ odehou.fe; and all the Members who

through Gifting Town Lane, to the Turnpike Hoad on serve for the Counties of Hereford, and Glou-

Xlatherfty Moor:And the same was received; and read cester, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to the Fiilt time. meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Reftk-cd, That the Bill be read a Second time. Chamber.

Shrewflniry 10 Hrcfton Jrockharft Jto*ds.

Shrewsbury

to Church Stretton Roads.

Mr. Lyster presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Battlefield Lane,

\ A Aon Reynold, to Pr eft-on Brockhurst, in the County of Salop, being the great Road from Shrewsbury to Whitchurch, in the said County;and from aforesaid to

bury, being the great Road from Shretvfbury to,

.in the said County; and from the said Town of bury, through Roden and High Ercall, to Shreyhill, being the great Road from Shrezifburyto Newport, in the said County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Colebam Bridge, in the Town of Shrewsbury, to the

Market Place in the Town o( Church Stretton, and, our of . the said Road, at or near the Smith’s Shop on Baston Hill, to the Top of LyihwoodHill, and from a Place near Pul/y Common, on the same Road, to the Maypole in Con-gdovet -, and Colehani Bridge aforesaid, through Whel-Vol. 27.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament, pallid in the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repaiiing the Highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes, and from Stert Stone, in the Parish of Urjlfont, to Rozvdford, in the county of ; and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Garth, Mr. Adore, Mr. Monson, Mr. Mr. Barbor, Mr.

Trift, Mr. Ward, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sir John

CroJJe, Mr. Prowse, Mr. W Sir Charles Mor-

daunt, Mr. A loore, Mr. CrefzveUSir John Cust, Sir John

Philipps, Sir Charles Kemys TyMr. Lyster, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Kvnafton, Sir William Courtenay, Lord Milton, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Montagu,

6 H Mr.

iCngton

Roads.

Sheppards

Sliord

Roads.

486 28 0 Februarii. — 1 A. 1756.

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Kent, Mr. Mr. Mr.

‘ Thornhagh, Mr. MedlscotMr. Townshend, Mr.

Mr. Co/ebrooke, Mr. Alderman Mr.

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Mackworth Mr. Mr. Willey,

Mr. Fomerenu, Colonel Ltflie, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mackenzie-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Southampton, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wands/ord \ b;)| for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers "f granted by an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of

Sumford his present Majesty’s Reign for effectually amending and Road. repairing the Road leading from Wandsford in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln-, and for repairing the Road from the Borough of Stamford, to Stap/eford Bridge, in the Parish of in the County of Rutland, and from thence to in the County of Lincoln

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barbor, Mr. Ward, Mr. Monson, Mr. Affleck, Mr. More, Mr. Wrighte, Mr. Garth, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Crefivcll, Mr. Kynaftcn, Mr. Proztfe, Mr. Anson, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Felloives, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Mr. Foley, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Cust, Mr. Torke, Sir Philipps, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hill, Lord Milton, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fonnereau, Lord Bateman, Mr. Thornhagh, Lord Parker, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. West, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Harris, Mr. Westphaling, Mr Symmons, Mr. ‘Trift, Mr. Hayes-, and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Lincoln,

ton, and Fork, and for North Britain: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Dunibv, Mi\ Monson presented to the House, according to Or-ic. der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Roads. North End of Dunfl/y Lanein the County of Lincoln, over Lincoln Heath, to and through the City of Lincoln, and the Bail and Closeof Lincoln, to the South West Corner of Rifeholm Hedge, and to Carholm Gate, in the said City; a$d from Carholm Gate, over Saxleby Bridge, to Drinfey Nooke, and from thence to Dunham and Littleburgh Ferries, from the North End of Waddington Field, and from the Bridge over the River Wytham, at ,unto

the said City; and from the Gate at the Foot of Hill, by the Little Bar Gates to the Great Bar Gates of the said City; and for enforcing the Performance of Statute-work upon the Highways communicating with the said Roads to a certain Distance from the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolvead, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Selzvyn reported from the Committee, to whom the GloucHk* Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the City of *c-Gloucester to the Smith’s Shop at or near a Place called Roid* Bedlam, being part of the Road to Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester-, and also the Road leading from the said City to the Road leading from Tewkesbury, towards Cheltenham, near the Hand and Post at Combe being Part of the upper Road to Tewkesbury aforesaid, in the said County; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto;which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question leve-rally put thereupon, except One of them, which was disagreed to, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House: And teveral Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord George Cavendish reported from the Com- Derby, mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the *c.

Road from the White Stoop, near the North End of the R0*1*-

Town of Derby, through the Towns of Dujfleld and Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, t the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York; and from the said Town of Dujfleld, to the moot Hall, in the Town of in

the said County of Derby, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon she Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to Oik of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, i° die Martii

Anno 29° Georgii IP' Regis, 1756.

Prayess.

Hamham The Lord Milton reported from the Committee, to HU1 Road*, whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Hamham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorehefter to a certain Intrenchment on well Hill, in the County of Dorflct, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the laine to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then aSecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: Anc! several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

AB I L L for the explaining, amending, and rendering Not more effectual, Two several Acts of Parliament, Rl*r* One of them passed in the 12th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Neene alias Nine, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, and the other made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the said former Act, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gore, Mr. Charlton, Sir Robert Long, Sir Charles Kerrys Tyrtte, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr.

Dicker, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Medlycott, Sir EdmundIjkam, Mr. Mackworth, Lord Caryffort, Mr. Banker, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Batkwell, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Thomas Mr,

Egerton, Mr. ProwJ'e, Sir Cordel Firebract, Sif John Hyude Cotton, Mr. Tkurfby, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Wrighte, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Mr. Vyner, Sir William Irby, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Verrtrn,

Lord

29 Geo. II. i° Martii.

I k

I k

\ Leigh9! Name.

t

r

fe

t

u Derby, lee. Road.

is

Is

Supply Bill; Lottery.

Lord North; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Oxford, Bucks, , //«-

ting don, Lincoln, and NorfolkAnd they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable James Leigh Esquire, now called "James Perrot, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Perrot, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Perrot Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. More, Lord George Cavendish, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Gore, Sir John Turner, Mr. Martin, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Godolphin, Mr.

Hardinge, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Mr. Trift, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Barrow, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Cooke, Mr Reynolds, Sir Beauchamp

ProElor, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Berkeley, Sir George Lee, Lord Strange, Colonel Lejlie, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Alderman , Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Affleck, Mr. GaJhnj, Mr. Pitt, Mr, Campbell, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bend, Mr. Mr. Champion,

Mr. Calvert, Mr. Willy, Mr. Marion, Sir Robert -

dett, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Foley: and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Oxford, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Chrfterfield, in the County of Derby to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York; and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of IVirkf-worth, in the said County of Derby, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to impower the Trustees to lefi'en the Tolls, and to increase them again if found necessary.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be trade Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for applying the Surplus arilingupon one Hoad to the Repair of such other Branches as shall be most out of Repair.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 23. L. 4. After " Wej," to inlert " or " Dublin ref'pectively

Pr. 23. L. 31. After " W," to insert " or " Dublin respectively

Pr. 27. L. 7. To leave out " herein after.'

Vox.. 37.

And the said Amendments Wire, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, an Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of! wo millions, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged ou the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws nude in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. More, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better paving and amending, cleansing, enlightening, and watching, the Streets, Highways, Lanes, and Passages, within the Town of in the County of Salop: And the same was received, and read the First t.me.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr Harris:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City of Exeter, without any Amendment: Andaifo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen MileSlone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wiand through

to Chailton Houthom, and from thence to Port;

and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the Welt find of Long Lane in Kilmingt on-, and from Wine ant an aforesaid

to the Sherborn Turnpike Crols Gate on Cattle; and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Theodore Henry Broad/tead, an Infant, to make Leases of the Estates given and deviled to him by the Will of his Uncle Henry Broadhead Esquire, deceased:

Towhich the Lordsdefire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and other Inhabitants, of Leeds, Bradford, Ot/ey, and several other Towns in the West Riding of the County of was

presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House for explaining and amending an Act for repairing the Reads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrovegate, and from thence inTwo Branches,

one through Ripley, over Barrage Green, and the other through Knar fborough and Boroughbrit to and

from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of and for repairing the Slougiis or Ruts on the said Moor: And alleging. That the railing of the Tolls to the full Height granted by the said Act, as intended by the said Bill, will be a great Burthen not only upon the Petitioners, but alto upon many others travelling from Bing ley, and

Halifax; and that there would be no Occasion to taiCs any higher Tolls, if the Bars were fixed at proper Places, which, from private Views, hath not been done; and that at a Meeting of the Trustees, held at Ripen in Otivber last (which Meeting was twice ad vert i fed) it was agreed to fix a Bar at North Bridge, near the only pro-

per Place where a Bar can be fixed; but that at a lubfe-quest Meeting, of which no public Notice was given, a considerable Number of the Trustees, who have Estates to the North of Ripon, reverted the said Order: And

therefore praying, That there may be a C’laufeor Clautes added to the said Bill, to impower the Trustees not uniy

to

Shrew (bury Street*.

Regulating the Marine ForCiS.

Exeter

Rotds.

Willoughby

Hedge

Road.

Broadhead*

Lcaiing.

Leeds,

Se

Hoad*

A. 1756

488 i° — 2° Martii.

to raise and lessen, or Vary, the Tolls, hut that a Bar shall be fixed at the South West End of Ripon North Bridge, with Power to stop the Ford or Fords over the River Tore, below the said Bridge; and that no greater or less Toll be taken at that Bar than are to be taken at the Bar near the South End of Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Sipptjr. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

*’ The other Order of the Day being read;

Linen The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Wiuuf.»i?hJ:e. whole House, toconsider further of the Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Linens exported; and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dodiugton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. reported from the Committee, Th.at they

had heard further Evidence in Support of the Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants for discovering of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company; and had also heard Counsel, and examinedfome Witnesses, in Support of the Petition of several Merchants and Traders in the City of London, concerned in the Sale and Exporta-' tion of British and Irish Linen, and the various Manufactures of Linen mixed with Silk, Cotton, and Worsted, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the said Manufactures, against the said first-mentioned Petition; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Chwfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Martis, 20 die M;

Anno 290 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

\N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of t lie settled Estate of Thom a:

Par Jon Gentleman, and Honour his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Portions for younger Children, and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of their Marriage Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Turner, Mr. WilkinJ'on, Mr.

More, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Cartwright, Sir William Beauchamp Procior, Mr. Powney, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Prowse,

Sir Charles Mar daunt, Mr. Hume, Mr. Gore, Sir John Citft, Sir John Philipps, Sir John CrofJ'e, Mr.

Mr. Herbert, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Mr.

dolphin, Mr. Pitt, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Cref veell, Mr.

Trijl, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fetiovvcs, IV!r. Gy b bon, Mr. Ga~ jury, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Olmv.s,

S;r Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fonnercaii, Mr.

Limit) Mr. Locks, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Sdwyn, Mr. Amy and,

Mr. CLtuyul junior, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Peiiuim, Mr. For refer, Mr. Dig by, Sir Edward Burner; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Coni-wall, Devon* Dor jet, Wilts, and Sonierfct: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ski-inc’* for vesting in Trullees certain Messuages, Lands, Tene- tlittsak ments, and Farms, in the County of Surrey^ settled upon the Marriage of Richard Dickson Sh ine iifquire with Ed* zabeth his now Wife, to be ibid and conveyed pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the Purchasc-money in, other Lands and Tenements, io be settled to the Liesot the-r Marriage Settlement j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Turner, Mr. Townsend, Mr. Bacon, Sir Joint Cud, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Powney, Sir Armine IFcJekonfc, Sir John Crojji, Mr. Kyra ft on, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Ly/ici\ Mr.

Bond, ?vtr. Cartwright, Mr. CP viand, Mr. Gere, Mr.

Hume, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bayntui, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Hays, Mr. Harding/, Sir Brands Poole,

Mr. Thornhcigh, Mr. Gy bleu. Sir Wm% Beauf/tantp Proctor, Mr. Saudys, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Drax, Mr. Luttrell,

Mr. Dodd, Mr. Free man, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Fortney* M;.

IP Hley, Mr. Dennis, Mr. Hobart, Mr. CInluynJ, Sir John Mordaunt. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fane, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Brijioue, Mr. Gibber ), Mr. Gore,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Aniyand, ivlr Pelham, Mr. Be: do man,

Mr. Trijl, Sir Hubert Hlayered; and all the Members who. serve for the Counties of Surrey, Northampton, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Bond have Leave to make a Motion; it being near Eight of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Broadhc#u!’$ An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Leafing, to enable Theodore Henry Broadhead, an Infant, to make Leases of the Estates given and deviled to him by the Will of his Uncle Henry Broadhead, Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Rfolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill forcstablishing a Fund for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Baihffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and for exchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds payable out of the Bcvenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level; and for enabling the said Corporation to borrow further Sums for the- Lie oi the said Great Level , was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the.Title be. An Act for establi filing a Fund for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, 01 tac Com? pany of Conservators of the Great level of the reus, called Bedford Level, and for exchanging the pretext Bonds of the Lid Corporation for other Bonds payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Levels and for enabling the said Corporation ro

17 borrow

BMforf

Level

Cotyoravoa

BotuU.

1

29 Geo. II. 20 . 489

borrow further Sums for the Use of the said Great Level.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ludlow An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep-Ro»d». ing jn Kepajr> several Roads leading from the Market-house in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposedto be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 36. To leave out from " Pence" to "for," in Pr. 5. L. I.

Pr. 9. L. 24. To leave out "and," and insert "or:" L. 25. To leave out "and," and insert"or:" Pr. 17. L. 31. To leave out "and," and insert "or:" Pr. 27. L. 37. To leave out "sworn," and insert "returned :"

Pr. 38. L. 3. To leave out from " Shillings " to " for," in L. 0.

Pr. 41. L. 12. To leave out "after:"

Pr. 52. L. 5. To leave out from "Persons" to "Provided," in Pr. 53. L. 5.

Pr. 54. L. 14. After " County" to insert "or," and leave out " or Places."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question (everally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the ’t able accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa's: And that the Titlebe, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market House, and eife-where, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of . Ordered, That Mr. Edward Herbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Wnrthill The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosure. dividing and inclosing the undivided Parts of the several common Fields in the Township of in the County of York; and for giving Compensations to the Rector of Holtby, in the same County, and the Vicar of Warthi/laforesaid, in lieu of Tytlies, and certain Ecclesiastical Dues: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sheffield, A Bill for regulating the Proceedings in the Courts &c- Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and in the

cC°fc'lncebounty of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Henry Finch, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. More, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Sir John Cujl, Mr. Yorke, Mr Mr. Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Hardingc, Mr. Mr. Northey, Mr.

Foley, Sir George Lee, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Onslow, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Hume, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Powney, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Mr.

Briflowe, Mr. Horatio Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mackenzie-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West-moreland, Lancaster, and And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Linen A Petition of sundry Inhabitants of the Town of Bir-Manuta&ure. mingham, and others, concerned in the Linen Manufactory, was-presented to the House, and read; representing several ill Consequences which the Petitioners allege wiil arise from taking off the Duties upon the Importation of foreign Yarn: And therefore praying. That the Bill depending in the House for that Purpose may not pass into a Law.

Vol. 27.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Bill for grantinga Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported.

A Petition of several Gentlemen^ and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, living near the Road leading from Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to and

through the Towns of Cricklade and in the County of Wilts, to Allan Turvin the County of Glcu-

cester, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Fa in the County of Berks, to the Town of Cricklade, and from thence to the Town of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, and the

Road from thence to join the Turnpike Road at A8on Turville, in the County of G and also the Road from Tetbtiry, in the said County, through Malmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge, and the Road from Skerf-ton to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath: And alleging, that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Bill may pase into a Law; but that if Provision be not made, in the said Bill, to prevent Persons from paying Toll at the Cheque Gateerested at AH on Turville, it will be very injurious to all I’ersons travelling that Road: And therefore praying the House to take the Prc-mifesinio Consideration, and give Leave that a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeasj } 24-

Teller, for the Noes, ] j 2-

So it passed in the Negative,

Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Cricklade, and from thence to the Town of bury, in the County of Wilts, and the Road from thence tojoin the Turnpike Road at Alton Turville, in the County of Gloucester; and also the Road from Tetbury, in the said

County, through Malmesbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge, and the Road from Sherflon to join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directedhim to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterr wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent the erecting of any Toll-gate between Sherflon and

Hawksbury.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

6 I ' the

Farringdon,

Road.

Ditto.

Supply.

400 2° Mar Hi. A. 175

the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Refdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to purchase Houses and Grounds for the widening the Ways, and making more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and raffages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and W Bridge.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-fuantto the said Resolution*. And that Mr. Charlton, Sir John Crojfe, Sir John Philipps, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Manners The House was moved. That an Act, made in the and Seamen. *3lh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Privateers, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels: And that Mr. Clev-landand Mr. Edgecumbe do prepare, and bringin, t he fame.

Poole Mr. Gulfton reported from the Committee, to whom the Harbour, gj]] for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into, or out of, the Harbour of the Town and County of Poole-, and also of Ballast and Boomage Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharfs; and for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establishing and regulatinga nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets, in the said Town; was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, referred to the said Committee; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same lo be true; and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the some was committed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Restitution Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Prize to consider further of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Paper, containing the Petition which had been presented to his Majesty, intituled, " The humble " Petition of James Tierney, of London, Merchant, Agent " for and on behalf of Don Libino Bernardo Vanderbrouck,

" and others, Merchants, redding at Cadiz, and Subjects of his Catholic Majesty the King ot Spain, Owners ot " the Money and Eft'edts heretofore taken on board the " Spanish Polacra Anna MariaySt. Felix, by a Squadron " of your Majesty’s Ships under the Command ot Admiral Knozdes," was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Appointing tng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing a sufficient Number miu[ier>&Ct of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances within the said City and Liberty.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Fox have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Quartering of the Hardships of Innholders, ond other Public House- Soldiers keepers, in the Counties of E/fex, Kent, and Surrey, and jan^,;s in the City of Canterbury, from the late quartering of extraordinary Numbers of Officers and Soldiers upon them, which the present Exigency has rendered unavoidable; and that they do report the same to the House, with their Opinion as to what may be. proper for the speedy Relief of such Innholders and Public House-keepers:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Secre'ary,

Mr. Rigby, Mr. Watson, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Campbell. Mr. Bowes, Mr. Flore, Sir IVm. Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr.

Mr. Hamilton, Sir John CrojJ'e, Mr. Torke, Sir Robert Ladbrooke, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Frederick,

Mr. Northey, Mr. Fontreau, Mr. Ellis, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gu/ston, Mr. Digby, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Trijl, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Philipp, Colonel Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gafhry, Sir John fVynne, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Cust, Mr. vert, Mr. Legge, Sir James Creed, Lord Hillsborough, Mr.

William Pitt, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Fane, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Bateman, Mr. Sloper, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Mr. Shelley, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Ej]ex, Kent, Surry, and Sufrex, and for the Cinque Ports; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Sir William Beauchamp Pro A or reported from the Com- Kensington mittee, to whom the Bill to impower the Churchwardens, Parochial Overseers of the Poor, and Vestry, of the Parish of - Ralek' sington, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said Parish, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp PrcEior have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Crowle have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Wanhiit

dividing Gclofu*.

o

Aston

Inclosorc.

flrumpton High Lane Hoad

Shrew (bury to Frefton Brockhuril

Hoi'll.

29 Geo. II.

a° — 30 Martii.

491

dividing and inclosing the undivided Parts of the several common Fields in the Township of Wart hill, in the County of York, and for giving Compensations to the Rector of Holt by, in che same County, and the Vicar of Warthill aforesaid, in lieu of Tythes, and certain Ecclesiastical Dues, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 30 die Martii;

Anno 29° Georgii IIa Regis, 1756. Prayers.

AB I L L for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor called Aston and Shardlow Moor, and several Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of Westoncum and Prebendary of Sawlcy, in the County of , was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Archer, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Egerton, Mr. For eft, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Mr. Ongley, Mr. Probytt, Mr. Calvert, Lord Strange,

Sir John Gift, Mr. Cooke, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. they, Mr. Martin, Mr. PhillMr. Monson, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Mr. Lee, Mr. SyHintons, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. PVhite, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wright, Mr. Prowse, Mr. SeSir Charles

Mr. Budget 1, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Conyers

D' Arcy, Mr Bold, Sir George Tonge, Mr. Watson, Mr. Bayntun; and all the Members who terve for the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, Stafford, Wor wick, Chester, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for explaining and making more effectual an A Ct, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Ea(l End of Brumptott High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of Afkrigg and Inglet, in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster; and also for repairing the Road leading from Richmond aforesaid, through Giiling, Melfonby, and Aldbrough, to Lucy,

otherwise Lowfy Cro/s, and from Giiling, through Giiling

!Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Moor

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Mr. Kynaftott, Mr. More, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fotuiereau, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Lane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Torke, Mr. Affleck, Lord Downe, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Kent, Sir Robert Hildyard, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bond, Mr. Keck, Mr. Dazvnay, Mr. Myddelton, Mr.

Mr. Lascelles, Lord Bateman, Mr. Harris, Mr. Boives,

Mr. Beckford, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Turner, Mr. and, Mr. Cunliffe, Mr. Gaj, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Duticottibe, Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr. , Mr. Creffwell, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Pitt; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Battlefield Latte, Hadnall, AElon Reynold to Preston Brock kttrft, in the County of Salop, being the great Road from Shrewsbury to Whitchurch, in the said County; and from Shrewsbury aforesaid to bury, being the great Road from Shrewsbury to Drayton, in the said County; and from the said Town of bury, through Roden and High Ercall, to Shreyhill, be-Voi. 27.

ing the great Road from Shrewsbury to Netvjtort, in the said County of Salop; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.-Xj Lord Pulteney, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Thursby, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Barrow, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Bacon,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Monson, Sir Roger

Mr. Sloper, Mr. Barry, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gorges, Mri Lane, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Gore, Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Mr. Butler, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Crofter, Mr. More, Mr. Nugent, the Recorder of London,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Asheton

Curzott, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Drax, Mr. Amy-and, Mr. Aldworth, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Fairfax, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Martin, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Egerton, Sir John , Sir IVm. Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Trift -, and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Salop, Stafford, and , and for North

Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Dunlby, North End of Dunsby Lane, in the County of Lincoln, over Lincoln Heath, to and through the City of Lincoln, and the Bail and Ciole of Lincoln, to the South West Corner of Rijeholm Hedge, and to Carholm Gate, in the said

City; and from Carholm Gate, over Saxleby Bridge, to Drinfey Nc.oke, and from thence to Dunham and Little-burgh Ferries, from the North End of Waddington Field, and from the Bridge over the River Wytham, at Brace-bridge, unto the said City 5 and from the Gate at the Foot of Camvicke Hill, by the L Bor Gates, to the Great Bar Gates of the said City; and for enforcing the Performance of Statute-work upon the Highways communicating with the said Roads, to a certain Distance from the said Roads; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Monson,

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Watson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Sir

John Cust, Mr. More, Mr. Vyner junior. Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Lord Frederick CavendiOi, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Thornhagh, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lane, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Ongley, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Medlycott,

Mr. Bayntun, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mar-

tin, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Bar bar. Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bond, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Hume, Lord George Cavendish,

Colonel Campbell, Mr. WilkinJ'on, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Powell, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Leveson Goiver, Mr. Reynolds, Sir John Morgan, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Alderman Dick-infon, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Lord Verney, Mr.

Buller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, York, Derby, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hayes reported from the Committee, to whom Walker'* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Efta.e». vetting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Bucks and Berks, late the Estate of Thomas Walker,

Clerk, deceased, in Thomas Walker the Grandson, in Fee-simple subject to the railing Portions for his younger Brother and Sifters, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir John Crosse reported from the Committee, to whom Mallors’s

the Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Lease.

Church of St. Peter, Westminster, and their Successors, to eof

make and grant unto James Ma/lors a Lafe or Lealcs of WeiiminiW.

certain

L

Clyde

River

hthouse.

492 3 MartilA. 1756.

certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a larger Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; winch they had directed'him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the'Amendments, in’ at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second'time, one by one;and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-giolied.

Colonel reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of those whole Names are thereto subscribed, all Merchants in Glasgolv, and Owners or Maftc-rs of Ships belonging to the Frith and River of in behalf of themselves, and many others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

HughCraivfurd Esquire, being examined, said, That he knows the Entry into the River between the

111c of Lillie Cumbra, in the County of Bute, and the South End of the lile of Bute, which is dangerous for Shipping to approach in the Night-time, on account of the Narrowncfs of the PatTage, and the different Openings; and that a Ship commanded by Captain John Arthur, coming from the ,was loft upon the Island of Cumbra about the Year 1720:

That in the Year 1734 the Witness commanded the Ship Anne, outward-bound for Jamaica, and was drove

from his Anchors at Lambiash, and obliged to run ashore on the Coast of Air: That his Ship was much damaged, but afterwards got off; but if there had been a Light-house upon the Island of Cumbra, he would have gone in there; and that there are some Shoals in the Clyde.

Mr. Alexander Mountgomery, Shipmaster, said, He had lived at Glafow Eight Years, and was well acquainted

with the Entrance and Navigation of the Clyde, which are dangerous:

And that when Ships come from Alfay, up the Clyde, at Night, they are always obliged to bring to till Day-

hgiu:

And that about Two Years ago a Ship called the Cath-eart, John Buchanan, Mailer, was loft about Six Leagues f»om the Lie of Cumbra; which would have been saved, if there had been a Light on the said Island.

Mr. Alexander Dundafs laid, He had been Mallei' of a Ship Five Years at Glasgow, and is acquainted with the Navigation of the River Clyde: That the Entrance is dangerous, and that the Witness has been obliged to bring his Ship to off Alfay and, the Wind (hitting before Morning. he was obliged to go to Lamblafh in by which

he loft Eight or Ten Days, and tins happened to him fe-vcnl times; whereas if there had been a Light-house at Cumbra, he could have run up, and got into Greenock.

And the several Witnesses all agreed, that a Light-house On the Island of Cumbra would be useful as a Land-mark, even in the Dav-time. Then,

Richard Ofveald Esquire informed yotir Committee, that there is no Fund for cresting such Light-house.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ere ft ing, maintaining, and supporting, a Lighthouse on the Island of Little Cumbra, in the County of Bute, at the Mouth of the River Clyde in North Britain, and for rendering the Navigation in the Frith and River of Clyde more fate and commodious: And that Colonel Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, Lieutenant General Campled, and Mr. Gil-

bert Elliot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

20

An ingrafted Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market-house in the Town of MuchWenlock, in the County of Salop, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the Market-house in the Town of Much IVenlock, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Forrester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

The House was moved. That an Act made in the 11 th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " The Ability of every Man that shall be impanelled in " any Inquest or Attaint in might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 4th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "The Act concerning Juries in might

be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower Judges of Courts of Record in Cities and Towns Corporate to set Fines on Persons who shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and shall neglect to attend: And that Mr. Alderman the Lord

Mayor of London, Mr. Recorder of London, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa do lay before this House, a Lilt of their European and African Servants employed in repairing the Fort at Annamabo, from December 31st, 1752,

to the 3 1 ft of December following.

A Motion being made, That the said Committee do lay before this House, a particular Account of £. 2,070 1 s.3 d. Charges stated in Account, by the said Committee, to have incurred at Annamabo, from 31st December 1752 to 31st December following;

The House was moved, That Part of the Paper, intituled, " Anno 1754 — The Account of the Committee of " the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, distinguishing each Particular," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the 20th Section of an Act, made in the 23d Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Committee do lay before this House, a particular Account of f. 2,070 is. Charges stated in Account, by the said Committee, to have incurred at Annamabo, from 31st December 1752 to 31st December following.

Ordered, That the said Committee do lay before this House, a particular Account of the Disposal of the Cargoes sent on board the Sloop Africa, on Two Voyages to Gambia, to purchase Slaves for Annamabo, and the Number delivered there.

Ordered, That the said Committee do lay before this House, Copies of Bills of Lading, and Invoices of Merchandize, Provisions, and Stores, shipped by the Committee on board the Ships Terrible, Earl of Halifax, -biuia, New Parham, Dolphin, Robert, Bafnett, and Spencer Frigate, with Receipts from the proper Officers in Africa, of their having received the fame.

Ordered, That the mid Committee do lay before this House, Copies of all Orders and Regulations made by them, from the ift of January 1734 to ift January 1755, relating to the Forts and Settlements in Africa, and the Government of their Officers and Servants employed therein.

Colonel Haldane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Hugh Mac Lead, of Genies, in that Part of Great Britain called Sat land-, and also the Petition

Went \ &c. Roa !$.

Fines on Jurits neglecting to attend*

African

Comply.

Macleod’i

Eitites.

29 Geo. II. .3°

tion of Andrew Alves and Robert Dalryhjh, Clerks to his Majesty’s Signer in Scotland, for themselve.% and on behalf of many otheTS, Creditors of Alexander Mackenzie, late of Fraferdale; and also the Petition of Amelia Prefer Spinster, Daughter of the deceased Alexander Mackenzie, late of Fraferdale, for hrrself, and on behalf of William Mackenzie, his Son, now abroad in his Majesty’s Fleet, as nearest in Kin of Roderick Mackenzie, their Brother; who died in his Majesty’s Service at Caxthagena; and also the Petition of Hugh Fra/er Esquire, elded S)n of the Marriage between Alexander Mackenzie late of Frafer-dale, and Amelia Lady Prefer of Lovai, both deceased; were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the first-rnentioned Petition; but had not received any Evidence upon the rest of the said Petitions; a Person, who appeared before the Committee as Agent (or those Petitioners, acquainting the Committee, that he was instructed not to proceed before the Committee upon the said Petitions; and that the Committee had directed; that he the said Colonel Haldane should Report the Mattet of the said first-mentioned Petition, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First Petition,

Alexander Ross Esquire, being examined, said. That the Petitioner was habite and repute the Grand NepheW and Heir of Neal M'Leod; which was confirmed by a Member present.

Then the Agent for the Petitioner produced an Ex-erpr, authenticated by James Ker, Keeper of the Records in the lower Parliament Mouse at Edinburgh, of a Decreet of Appryfing, at the Suit of Sir William Sinclair of Mey, against Neal M'Leod, as Owner of the Estate of Aff/nt, dared 27 May 1656; by which it appeared, that Sir Wi Ham Sinclair had a Debt against the said Estate of £.201. 13*. 4\d. Sterling.

He also produced an Instrument of Seisin, dated 12 July 1666, and a Decreet at the Suit of Sir George Mackenzie, and of Mr. John Mackenzie, Second Son of Lord Seaforth, dated 8 February 1671; whereby it appeared, that the said Debt to Sir William Sinclair of Mey w'as transferred to Sir George Mackenzie; and that he and Mr. John Mackenzie obtained the said Decreet, against the Occupies of the said Estate of AJJint, for Payment of the Rents to them, in Satisfaction of the said Debt.

He also produced Letters of Denunciation against the said Neal McLeod, and the Occupiers of the hid Estate of AJJint, dated 28 February 1672; whereby it appeared, that the hid Letters of Denunciation were obtained at the Instancj of the said Sir George and John Mackenzie; and that Letters ot Ejection had issued against the said Neal M(Leod, and his Tenants; and it is therein alleged, that the said Neal M'Leod, and his Tenants, opposed the Execution of the said Letter of Eje&ion, and were thereupon denounced Rebels.

Then an Indictment, preferred against the said Neal M'Leod, the 2d of February 1674, was produced to your Committee; whereby it appeared, that, upon the said Letters of Denunciation, Letters of Fire and Sword were obtained, directed to the Lord Seaforth, and others, to dispofleh the said Neal M'Leod, and his Servants, of the said Estate; and it appeared by the said Indictment, and by a Report from the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland produced to your Committee, that the Lord Seaforth, with an armed Force, took Possession accordingly; and that the said Neal M'Leod made his Escape to Caitknes and the Orkneys, and w as afterwards taken Prisoner, and Lnt to G.iol at Edinburg1:.

It also appealed, by an Extract from the Records of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, produced to your Committee, that the said Neal M'Leod obtained a Warrant from the Privy Council, dated 5 August 1673, for bringing on his Trial, upon the Information of Lord Seaforth, set'whole Instance he was imprisoned.

By a Verdict of Assize, dated 13 February 1674, it appeared, that he having been tried for several Offences* and

Vu L. 2y.-

Marti/. 493

- '. ' ' -particularly for oppofmgthe Execution of the said Letters

of Ejection and Fire and Sword, he was acquitted otthe

several Offences laid in the said Indictment.

The Agent for the Petitionerthen produced an Extract of a Decreet made in a Suit of Spuilzie, dated 18 November 1692, and brought by the said Neal M'Leod against the said Lord Seaforth, and others; whereby it appeared, that, at the time the said Neal MLeod was taken Prisoner, his Charter Chest was forcibly taken from him.

He then produced an originalSummonsof Rdduction, dated tft December 1679, brought by the said Neal MLeod against the said Lord Seaforth., and several others, in order to open and set afule the said Appryfing obtained by Sir IViliiamSinclair of Mey; but the said Defendants objected, that Mr. M'Leod wanted a Title, and was barred with Horning; and it appeared by the said Decreet of Spuilzie, that the said M'Leod afterwards brought his Suit of Spuilzie, for Recovery of his Title Deeds, alleged in the Libel to have been in his said Charter Chest, when taken from him.

And as further Evidence of the Dispofleflion as aforesaid.

The Agent for the Petitioner produced an Extradf of a Decreet of the Court of Session in Scotland, dated 28th January 1 736, brought by one Mackinrevck against Kenneth Mackenzie, Son of the said John Mackenzie, f®r Ke-

ro very of Part of the Estate of AJJint, which had been mortgaged by the Ancestors of the said Neal M'Leod to the Ancestors of the said Mackin; wherein it is alleged, that a Bond for/. 154 Sterling to Sir Sinclair

of Mey, and an Appryfing deduced therion in 1656, were conveyed to the said John Mackenzie-, and tl at the said Neal M'Leod was ltripped of his Estate, and made his Escape into the Orkneys, where I.is Charter Chest and Pa-pers were taken from him; and (hat he was thereby to reduced in his Circumstances, as to be incapable afterwards of obtaining Redrels.

Then an Extract of an Assignation, dated 4 1688, from Roderick Mackenzie to John Mackenzie, was produced; whereby it appeared, that the said Roderick Mackenzie obtained an Assignation of Two Appryfings upon the said Estate of AJJint, obtained by George Graham and Duncan Forbes, for Two several Debts assessing the said Estate; and that a Decreet of the Expiration of the Legal was obtained thereon by the said Roderick, who assigned the said Appryfings and Diligencies to the said John Mackenzie, his Nephew, subject to the Payment of £.553. 11 s. i±d.Sterling.

And, by the said Decree of Spuilzie, it further appeared, that Neal M'Leod, being allowed his jur amentum in litem, did (wear, that, by the said Spuilzie, he was deprived not only of his Title Deeds, but of several Discha*ges granted to him by the said Graham and Forbes.

Then an Extract of a Breviate of Adjudication, obtained by the said Roderick Mackenzie against. the said John Mackenzie, forjf. 997.45. 3%d. Sterling, on Account of the said John Mackenzie's having made Default of Payment of the said Sum of£.355. UJ. ifd. Sterling, was produced:

And ailo an Extract of a Decreet of Certification, dated 25 June 1740, obtained by Alexander Mackenzie of Fraferdale against the Creditors of the Estate of AJJint, was produced; whereby it appeared, that the said Alex* ander Mackenzie, as Son and Heir of the said Roderick, became intided to the said Adjudication, dated 14 January 1698; and that he alfe obtained an Assignation from James Sutherland of an Adjudication obtained by him against the said John Mackenzie, as Owner of the said Estate of AJJint, dared 17 February 1705, for Payment of the Sum of^.2,019. 18s. $d. Sterling.

Then an Extract cf a Remission from his late Majesty, dated the 17th January 1721, being produced, it appeared that the said Alexander Mackenzie had been convicted of High Treason.

Then a Certificate from the proper Officer in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer in Scotland, was produced, dated 29 November 1755; whereby it appeared, that a

6 K Dilco-

Mocltod’s

EUates.

Ways a«J Means.

494

Discovery was made, on the id Day of 1753, to

the Barons of the said Court, of the said Adjudications vested in the Crown by the Conviction of

And by the said Decreet of Certification it further appeared, that the Debts affecting the Estate of , exclusive of the Debts secured by the aforesaid Adjudication forfeited to the Crown, amounted to/.6,373. 13^ 5 Sterling: And it also appeared by a notarial Copy of a judicial Rental of the said Estate of and by the Evidence of Alexander Ross Esquire, who was examined before your Committee, that the said Estate of was of the yearly Value of £.265. 16 1Sterling, and worth

to be sold £.5,316. is. 2 d.Sterling.

Then Three Letters were produced, which were proved to your Committee to be wrote and signed by the late Lord President Forbes to the Petitioner, dated in November and December 1745; by which, and by the Evidence ofa Member present. it appeared, that the Petitioner, and his Ancestors, had always been well-aflcded to his Majesty’s PerGn and Government; and that the Petitioner, in the Rebellion in 1743, raised a Company of too Men for his Majesty’s Service, with which he served under the right honourable the Earl of , till the happy Suppression of that Rebellion, and acted with great Zeal in his Majesty’s Service.

The Agent for the Petitioner then produced an original Report from the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland to the Lords Comnii(Honors of his Majesty’s Treasury, dated 5 March 1735, "'hereby the several Fades before stated are confirmed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling certain Adjudications, now vested in the Crown by the Attainder of Alexander Mackenzie of in

Hugh MacLeod of Genies, Esquire: and that Colonel Haldane, Mr. Mackenzie, and Mr. Hardingc, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, so whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, winch the Committee had dneded him to report to the House; which lie read in his Piece; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's. Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty the Sum of Five Shillings yearly, to be paid by every Person, or Body Corporate, having Thirty Ounces, and under Fifty Ounces, ot Silver Plate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty the Sum of Ten Shillings yearly, to be paid by every Person, or Body Corporate, having Fifty Ounces, and under One hundred Ounces, of Silver Plate.

Rfulvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty the Sum of Twenry Shillings yearly, to be paid by every Person, or Body Corporate, having One hundred Ounces, and under Three hundred Ounces, ot S.lver Plate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty the Sum of Forty Shillings yearly, to be paid by every Person, or Body Corporate, having Three hundred Ounces, and under Ftve hundred Ounces, of Silver Plate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty the Sum of Three Pounds yearly, to be paid by every Person, or Body Corporate, having Five hundred Ounces, and under One thousand Ounces, of Silver Plate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty the Sum of Five Pounds y<arly, to be paid by every Person, or Body Corporate, having One thousand Ounces, and under One thousand Five hundred Ounces, ot Silver Plate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty the Sun* of Eight

30 Mar lit.

A.

1751

Pounds yearly, to be paid by every Person, or Body Corporate, having One thousand Five hundred Ounces, and under Two thousand Ounces, of Silver Plate.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty the Sum of 'Fen Pounds yearly, to be paid by every Person, or Body Corporate) having Two thousand Ounces, or upwards, of Silver Plate*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty a Duty upon all Bricks made in Great Britain, after the Rate ot Two Shillings fur every Thousand thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty a Duty upon all plain Tiles made in Great Britain, after the Rate ot Two Shillings for every Thousand of such Tiles.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty a Duty upon all Pan Tiles, Ridge Tiles, Gutter Tiles, Hip Tiles, and Valiev'files, made in Great Britain, after the Rate of Eour Shillings for every Thousand of such Tiles.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty a Duty upon all paving "files made in Great Britain, after the Rate of Two Shillings for every Hundred of such paving "files, as shall not exceed Twelve Inches square; and after the Rate of Four Shillings for every Hundred of such paving Tiles as shall exceed Twelve Inches square.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, on the Exportation of the said Bricks and Tiles, a Drawback or Allowance be made of the several and respective Duties aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty, over and above the Duty of Six Pence payable for every Pack of playing Cards made fit for Sale or Lie in Great Britain, or imported into the fame, an additional Duty ot Six Pence, to be paid for every Pack of such Cards by the Maker or Importer thereof, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of rl;is Committee, That there be granted to his Majesty, over and above the Duty ot Five Shillings payable for every Pair of Dice made fit for Sale or life in Great Britain, or imported into the fame, an additional Duty of Five Shillings, to lx* paid for every Pair of such Dice by the Maker or Importer thereof, respctftively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties lx carried to, and made Part of, the* Sinking Fund, towards making good the Interest of Two Millions charged thereupon this Session of Parliament.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read z Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Retblution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

raten for arc Y«$J: h:

T , r XT ( Mr. Alderman Baker,

Tellers for the Noes,!. , n . Jlot.

’(Mr. Coeks. } J

So it paflecl in the Negative.

Then the said Resolutijn was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Home.

The Six fable {iient Resolutions of the Committee, being Icverafy read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Eighth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, ami the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, jiffs:

Tellers for the Noes,* ]»58-

So it passed in the Negative.-

Then

c-

Way* fnd Means.

26 Geo. II. 3° — 4® Maria-. 493

Then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£ JJ]/ . j 203.

Tellers for the Noes, [ JJj; } 107‘

So it was resolved in the Aflv.nntive.

The Five subsequent Resolutions of the Committee* being severally read a Second time, \Vere severally ordered to be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The 14th and 15th llesolutions of the Committee, be-ing severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Ilou'e.

The lad Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made thereto; viz.

To leave out 4< said," and, after " Duties," to insert * contained in the Resolutions this Day reported from u the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is <r referred to consider further of the Supply granted to u his Majesty."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Duties Contained in the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raifng the Supply granted td his Majesty, and agreed to by the House, be Carried to, and made Part of, the Sinking Fund, towards rtuking good the Interest of Two millions charged thereupon this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in pursuant to the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, Fourteenth, Fifteenth*and Sixteenth, of the said Resolutions, as the same have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. liyndham Obrien, Mr. Furne/e, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Hardirge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several llesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

You 27.

JoviS) 4# dieMartii;

Anno 29° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1756.

f . ’

Prayers.

THE Lord Bateman reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Freeholders and Inhabitants, and Persons ulunliy residing in the County oc Hereford, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition*, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them* to the House; and he read the Report in iiis Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Evan Meredith, being examined, laid, That the Road from Mortimers Crop's to the Place where the Roads to Easthampton divides, is in a very ruinous Condition, and in several Places too narrow; and that the said Roads cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

Mr. John Brown, being examined, Lid, That the several other Roads described in the said Petition are in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Laws in being are insufficient to repair the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen,1 who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the RyeIVay, in the Parish of Yarpole, in the County of Hereford, to Pr eft eigne, in the County of Radnor; and from thence to Leint war dine; and from P rest eigne, through Nash, to the Top of Trapp Hill, and to Woofer ton, in the County of Hereford aforesaid; That they do make Provision in the said Bill for amending, repairing, and widening, the Road from Mortimer's Cross to the Place where the Roads to Easthampton and Shobdon divide; and the Road leading from the Rye Way to the Maidenhead at Orleton; and the Road leading from the Maidenhead aforesaid to the North West Corner of the Lane leading from the Port way to Comber ton, in the Pari 111 of Orleton.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County therein mentioned; and for the effectual amending the same; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Barnard, Lord AW ton, Mr* Cocks, Mr. Gore, Mr. O Indus, Mr. j hr dirge, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prcwfe, Mr. Dazvnay, Mr. More, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Crojje, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Drift, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Morton, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Hayes% Sir William Mureton, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Popham, Mr. Halftone, Lord North, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Hammond, L rd Shelburne, ?vlr. Lewis, Mr. Pill, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Amy and Sir John Turner, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Symmons, Mr. Se/wyn, Lord Mabpas, Colonel Lejlie, Mr. Fonnereau; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Nor-thumb er land) Cumberland, W'tftmor eland. Lane after, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Ciock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gulfton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour ut the Town and County of Pod:, and also of Ballastand Boomage Duties payable in respect of $hipsar:d Vesslls coming into, and going out of, the said Harbour;

and

Rye Wiy

Road

Darlington Kgid-

Poole HarUaf.

Harnhara

Hill

Road.

Portland

Island

Church.

LeiCefter, & c. Roads.

4° Martii. 17 5 5.

and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharfs; and for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establishing and regulating a nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets, in the said Town; was re-cotnmitted. That the Committee had made some other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Hamham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intreneh-ment on Afkerfwell Hill, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the Lift of Trustees, to insert " Charles -

" dock:"

Pr. 2 5. L. 13. To leave out "Three," and insert " Two "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Hamham Hill, near the City of New , in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on /

Hill, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That the Lord Milton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ellis reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for completing and finishing a new Church, and laying out and inclosing a Cemetery thereto, in the Island of Portland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon Friday the 27th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 27 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough; and from

l.eicesterto Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge; and trem Warwick to Stratford upon Avon-, and from Coventry to Martyns Gutter, leading towards Stone/eigh Town; and for (upplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Aftiby de la , in the County of

Leicester, (or putting the said Act in Execution, so far as the same relates to the repairing that Part of the Road in the said Act mentioned* which leads from the Town of *4

Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton, and from thence through the Parishes of Coton and Bedworth, in the County of , to

Bishops Gate, in the City of Coventry, and also the Petition of the Mayor, Bdiiiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Coventry, and of the principal Inhabitants of the same City, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants within the same City; and also the Petition of several of the piin-cipal Inhabitants of the City of Coventry; were referred, and which Report was then read, and ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the 27th Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from to

Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwiand from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon -, and from Coventry to Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, so far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road, which leads from the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton, and from thence through the Parishes of Chilvers Coton, and Bedworth, to Bishops Gate in the City of Coventry .- And that the Earl of Sir Roger

Newdigate, Mr. Archer, Sir Charles and Mr;

Grove, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Clevland presented to the House, according to Or- SappUioj der, a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen Mimas to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board ,n<1 Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels: niefc

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bilj be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the w*

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred tndWeam. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Person be permitted to sell Ale, Beer, or excilabie Liquors, by Retail, in Great Britain, without Licence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid for every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed or written any Licence for selling Ale, Beer, or other excifaole Liquors, by Retail in Great Britain, over and above all other Duties chargeable thereupon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duties be carried to, and made Part of, the Sinking Fund, towards making good the InterestofTwo millions charged thereupon this Session of Parliament.

The first Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Word "Twenty," and inserting the Word " Ten" instead thereof.

And the Quetlion being put,! hat the Wqrd "Twenty"

(land Part of the said Reiblution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

} ,0.

Teller*

L'rien

KidimfaC'

luie.

Lift of

rducrd

OiEcets.

29 Geo. It.

4 — 5'

Marti.

497

Mcs for ,h« foes, { ]

So it was refulved in the Affirmative.

Theft the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second tithe, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen* who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills pursuant to the irt, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 14th; 15th, and 16th, 0: the Kesolutions, which were Yester-dav reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raifsng the Supply granted to his Majesty, and which, with feverat Amendments to One of them, were agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said oil1, or in One of the said Bills, burfuant to the fcesolutions, this Day reported from the said Committee* and agreed ro by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instru<ft idn to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for better securing the Duties now payable upon Cards and Dice.

Ordered, That the Lord Register of Scotland, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Alexander, and Colonel Cr.rapid I, be added to the Gentlemen appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills.

The Cher Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species cf British and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Listen Yarns imported.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair/

Mr. Dodiiigtoti took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dbdingt'on reported from the Committee, That

they had heard further Evidence in Support of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders in the City of

London, concerned in {he Sale and Exportation of

tijhand Irish Linen, afld the various Manufactures of Lipen mixed with Silk, Cotton, and Worsted, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in thelliidManufacture'; and had also heard the Counsel for the Petitioners of the Fellow-ship of Engfij/tMerchants for discovering of new Trades, commonly called the Bujfia Company', byway of Reply; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-red ed him to repott, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

A-Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, with their respective Ages, Ranks, Dates of their Commissions, and the Regiments they last served in.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Lift is preferred amongst the other Papers of

Ibis Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

30-

Veneris, 5* die Martii}

Anno 29° Gcbfgii IP1 Regis, {756.

Vol. 27.

PraVers.

THE Lord Doitme reported froth the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, UForest e An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Mea- Inclosure.' dows, and Commons, in the Township of Sutton upon the Forest, in the County of York, and for giving Compensations, in lieu of Tythes, to the Impropriator of the Rectory, and the Vicar, of Sutton aforesaid, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the negations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. L. After (.,) insert " and also of any Mef-

"jfuages, Cottages, Frontsteads, Garths,'and Crofts, within the said Town ship

Pr. *L. After ( ), insert Clauses,' A, B, and C.

(A) " Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted,

" That, in all future Rates and Levies 10 be made for the said Township or Parish of Sutton aforesaid, any Lands or Grounds, or any yearly Sum or Sums of Money,

" which shall or may be so allotted, assigned, or appointed, to be paid to the said Philip Hqas Lessee of " the said Rectory, or to the Owner or Lessee thereof,

" for the Time being, or to the said Lawrence Sterne, u as Vicar of the said Parish Church, or his Successors;

" shall be assessed to all such public Rates, Taxes, and " AHeffments, in the same Proportion only as the Lands " and Tenements of other Perl'ons in the said Township " or Parish shall, from time to time, berated and assessed " thereto, and not otherwise."

(B) And it is hereby further enacted, That the said " Commissioners, or their Successors, or anyThreeor more " of them, shall and may set out and appoint all such public and private Roads and Ways, Ditches, Fences, Drains,'

" Bridges, Gates, and Stiles, as they shall think necessary, u or convenient, in, over, and upon, the Lands and " Grounds so to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid; lo " as all such public Highways and Roads, so to be set out,

" be of the Breadth of Forty Feet at the least between, and " exclusive of, the Ditches; and shall and may order and " award in what manner, by whom, and in what time,

" all such Roads and Ways, Ditches, Fences, Drains,

" Bridges, Gates, and Stiles, shall be mad£, and thereafter repaired, cleansed, and maintained, except only as " to the repairing the said public and common High-<lways, after the same shall be so made."

(C) " And it is hereby enacted and declared, That all " such public and common Highways, when lo let out " and made as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, be re-rt paired, and kept in Repair, by the Inhabitants of the " Township of Sutton aforesaid; and that after such " Highways and Roads shall be so set ou'r and made, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, in any " manner whatsoever, to use any ancient or other public " or private Way or Road in or over the said Lands, so to " be divided or inclosed, or any of them."

Pr.# L. # After "( )" insert " such public and pri-

" vate Roads and Ways, and concerning

Pr. L. After "( )" insert " and the said Register,

" or his Deputy, shall be allowed, for the making and " signing any such Copy, Two Pence for each Sheet, to " contain Seventy-two Words, and no more; and, for every Inspection or Perusal of the Inrolment of such " Award or Instrument at the {laid public Office, One "Shilling, and no more."

6 L The

5° Martii. A. 1756.

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ong Mn Wort ley, Mr.

‘Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Harley, Mr. William Finch,

Court of Lord Ferney, Lord Gage, Mr. Edward Finch, Mr. Rice,

Conference. Mr. Egerton, Mr Myddelton, Mr. be added to

the Committee, to whom the Bill fer regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Baronof the MaronsofS/tc^LA/and Etclefall, in the County of York, is committed.

Wadies The Lord Roxfon presented to the House, according in to Order, a Bili for imbanking and preserving certain Fen Bedford Lands and low Grounds called the Washes, lying and be-Drainaec 'nS ‘n several Parishes of Sutton, Wit chan:,

Ely, Witclford, Wentworth, Coveney, and Downham, in the lfe of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and of with Earith, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pool Mr. Kynafon reported from the Committee, to whom

Road. the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh and also the Road from Knockin, in the County of Salop, to Llanrharder in Mosknant, in the County of Denbigh; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cletk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon (except One of them, which was disagreed to), were, with Amendments to fotue of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Paddinpion Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, Mew Hoad, a Bill to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate and and

from Saint Giles's Pound to Ki/bourn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to make a new Road from the great northern Road at 1(lingtonto the Edgeware Road near Paddington; and also from the North End of Portland Street, crols the Fart king Pye Hctfinto t he laid new Road; and for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two several Acts for repairing the said Road from St. Giles's Pound to Ki!bourn Bridge: And the same was received.

Act relating to Quarantine.

Eriitol

Watch.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine, and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the IHes of fey, fer fey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; whereby the Stationing of Ships infected with the Plague to the Northward of Cape Finfer re is confined to the Harbour of by, and removable to no other Place; and for appointing a more safe and commodious Place instead thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the 13:11, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of without any

Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act MirVie8ott for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Bea- street*, t*. dies, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets,

Squares, Lanes, and other Patiages, and repairing the Highways and Caut'eways, and rugulating the Poor, within the Parish of St.Mary le Bone, in the County of dlesex, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bre«ton for repairing and widening level al Roads leading from Reads, and near the Town of Brew ton, in the County of Somer-fei, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act "Tewkesbury for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Roads. Town of Tewkesbury to CofcombGate, and from If,list's

Elm to the Top of Gotherington in the County of Gloucester; and from Tewkesbury to a Farm House called

the Old Blue Bell, and to the Direction Post in the Parish of Ripple, and to Simmond's Ford Brook; and from

donto Eckington Bridge, in the county of ;

and from Tewkesburyto Wainloads Bridge, and to the

Road opposite to Efstone Church; and from the Market House in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from Bur ford

to Gloucester, near a Tree called Ash, in the said

County of Gloucester-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Roar’s veiling the Estate of Trevor Charles Roper and Ro- ElUlcl

per, who are both Infants, in the County of in I'ruf-tees, to be sold; and for applying tire Purchase-money for discharging Incumbrances aftert ing the lame, under the Directions of the Court of-Chancery: To which the Lords detire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mctlengers withdrew.

A Bill to enable the respective Trustees of the Turn' rn(J{)in n pike Roads leading to High Gate-house and Hampfead, jccw and from St. Giles's Pound to Kit bourn Bridge, in the County of MidJlejex, to make a new Road from the great northern Road at Ifdngton to the Edgeware Ro-.d near Paddington; and also from the North End of Portland Street, crols the Farthing Pye House Field, into the said new P,.oad; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts for repairing the said Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kiibourn Bridge was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act WPker’i for veiling divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Coun- liitaic. ties of Bucks and Berks, late the Ell ate of Thomas Clerk, deeeafecl, in Thomas Walker the Grandson, in Fee-simple, subject to the raiting Portions for his younger Brother and Sifters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hayes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to ther fame, without any Amendment."

An ingrossed Bill jfrom* the Lords, intituled, An Act to Broadhead’s enable Theodore Henry Broad head, an Infant, to make besting. Leases of the Estates given and deviled to him by the Will of his Uncle Henry Broadhead Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Moore, Mr.

Anson, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

dy s, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. S/operf Mr. Lyfer, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mar-

tin, Sir John Cuf, Mr. More, Mr. Powner, Mr.

Mr. Seluyu, Mr. Bagel, Mr . Rynold' Doctor Hay, Mr. Marton, Mr. Mr. Bedford,

Mr. Beic/tier, Mr. Tris, Mr. Treby, Mr. Cmliffs, Mr.

Ryder, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Sharps, Mr. Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Keck, Sir John Wynne, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Boulton, Mr.

Mr. VyneP-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Ffex, and And they

ate

Shre-v (bury ►>:ic c:z.

Reftmition of a S^nish Prirc.

Macleod’*

Ethics.

fines on Jtti i. J5 J>tg)r&ingtO attend.

29 Geo. II. 50 — 8°

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the tatter paving and amending, clean fingi enlightening, and watching, the Streets, Highways, Lancs, and Paii'iges, within the Town of in the County of Salop, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. More, Mr. Hill, Mr. Avjon, Mr, C aLord Pulteucy, Mr.

Olmius, Mr. Sanilys, Mr. CoventryMr. Colonel

Stanzvix, Mr. Moor;, Lord Bat err an, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cykbcn, Sir John Cr>gje, Mr. Non ley, Mr. Walpole. Sir "John Crifi, Sir John Turner, Mr. Campbell, Mr. ling, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Bayntun Colonel Haldane, Mr. Ter he, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Thornhaph, Mr. Mr.

Charlton, S>r Charles Aloe daunt. Lord Parker, Mr. Barren;, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Mr.

Lord Ma/pas, Mr. Earle, Mr. Mr.

Mr. OJbaideJion, Mr. H i/kinfonMr. Med/ycott, Mr.

Onslow, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Mr. John

Marti;:, Sir Francis Poole, Colonel Douglas, Colonel Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. Go dolphin .* and all the Members who serve for the County of Salop, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conllder further of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Paper, containing the Petition which had been presented to his Majesty, intituled, " The humble

Petition cl James Tierney, of London, Merchant,

" Agent for and on behalf of Don Libino Bernardo Fan;

" derbrotuk, and others, Merchants residing at Cadiz, and " Subjects of his Catholic Majesty the King of " Owners of the Money and ElFefts heretofore taken on " board the Spanish Polacra Anna St. Felix, by

" a Squadron of your Majesty’s Ships under the Cotnmand of Admiral Knozvles," was referred;

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Examination taken before the Committee, to whom the said Paper was referred, which were laid before the House in pursuance of an Order of the House made upon the 12th

Day ot February next, be referred to tire laid Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Haldane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for veiling certain Adjudications, now vested in the Crown by the Attainder of Alexander Mackenzie, of Fraferdale, in Hugh M'Leod, of Genies, Esquire: And

the same was received.

Ordered, That Colonel Haldane have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And*

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lance, 8° die;

Anno icf Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756.

' Prayers.

Mil. Alderman Dickinson presente to the House, Re-

cording to Order, a Bill to impower Judges of Courts of Record in Cities and downs Corporate to let Fines on Per Ions who shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and shall neglect to attend: And the fume was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 27.

Martii. 499

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act for

veiling the Estate of Trevor Charles Roper and Henry Roper, who are both Infants, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold $ and for applying the Purchase-ir.oney for discharging Incumbrances attesting the lame, under the Directionsuf the Court of Chancery; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Barrow reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Place called FryarBacon's Study, through Bagley Wood, and through Abingdon, over Ock Bridge, and through the Villages of Drayton, Slevcnton, and Milton, to Chilton Pend; and all'o from the Top of Hill

to Foxcombe Hill Gate, on the Read leading to -

’don, in the County of Berks; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were dilagrecd to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bilit

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,- be in-grolled.

The Lord Barnard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 2 ill Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard , in the County of Durham, and from thence through Stain-drop to Newgale in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate along Gibb Chair to G Bridge, and m

thence by MehierftonGill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham-, and for making the same more effectual; was commifed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, within the Hundred or District cf Cievland, in the North Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; in behalf of themselves, and all other the Inhabitants within the said District, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which' they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table r Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the‘House: And several Amendments were made by the House tQ the

Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edzvards and Mr; Lane: s

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Two millions, to

cJ - # *m -

be raised by way cf Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and foY extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdoni

O O

against private and unlawful Lotteries; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Parishes of Purk/e-

/ T

uniircn

Ropcr’i

Estate.

Fryar.

Bncoii*

Study

Road.

Boivef*

&c.

Ruadv.

Supply Bill; Lottery.

Mead

Brook

Road.

500 8° Martii. A. 1756.

church and Mangolsfieldin the County of to

Christian Malford Bridge, in the County of Wilts, and allb from Pnck/echurchatoresaid, to certain Coal Mines in

the said Parish, without any Amendment: And alto, Bedford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Level Act for establishing a Fund for Payment of the Bonds of °LPo°ndfcon ^e Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Feus, called Bedford Level; and for exchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great; and for enabling the said Corporation to borrow further Sums for the Use of the said Great Level; without any Amendment: And also,

EHenfoot The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Arr Act Harbour. eniarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preferring, the Harbour of Elleifoot, in the County of Cumberland, without any Amendment: And also,

Derby The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gao*' for rebuilding the common Gaol for the County of Derby upon a Place called then's Green, in the Liberty of the Town of Derby, and for appointing a proper Place for the safe Custody of Prisoners till such new Gaol shall be completed; and to impower the Justices of the Peace for the said County to pay the Rent referred to the Corporation, for the said Ground, out of the County Rates; without any Amendment: And also,

Ponfe The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act f >r repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, without any Amendment: And also,

Eirl The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Burlington making the Exemplification of the last Will of the right 80 WUI^ honourable Richard late Earl of Burlington and Cork, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Walker'* Ordered, That Mr. Kydo carry to the Lords, the Etlate. mgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vetoing divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Bucks artd Berks, late the Estate of ’Thomas Walker, Clerk, deceased, in Thomas Walker the Grandson, in Fee-firople, subject to the railing Portions for his younger Brother and Sifters, and acquaint their Lordships, That this House hath agreed to the said Bill, without any Amendment.

Sutton An ln&°mfrorii the Lords, intituled, An Act upon the for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, and Koreft Commons, in the Township of Sutton upon the in

Inclosure. the County of York; and for giving Compensations, in lieu of Tythes, to die Impropriator of the lteftory, and the Vicar, of Sutton aforesaid; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mailers' An ingrossed Bill to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Leafp Collegiate Church of Peter, Westminster, and their Dean *fcc. ^uccc®ors» to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease ,( " or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tene-

Wsftniinster. menu, and Hereditaments, comprited within certain Limits, for a larger Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, at Westminster, and their Successors, to make and grant unto James Mallors a Lease or Leads of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tene-H

ments, and tieredItartlenfr, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant.

Ordered, That Sir John CfoJJe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Lionel Pilkiugton prefen ted to the House* according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red House, near to

Wakefield, and through the said 1'own of , by

Dewsbury High Town and Lto the Town of Halifax, in the West llidirfg of die County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pon-tefraSl, and from thence toa Place called Weeland, in the Township of Heufall, and from PontefraEl to Wentbridge, in the Township of Darrmgton, inf the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better supplying the City of Edinburgh with fresh and wholesome Water: And tire Crmte was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time!

Colonel Campbell presented to the House,-according to Order, a Bill for erecting, maintaining, and supporting, a Lighthouse on the Mar>d of Cumray, in the County of Bute, at the Mouth of the River Clyde, in North Britain-, and for rendering the Navigation in the Frith and River of Clyde more safe and commodious: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Mr. CartvSrightTtpcftttd from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the Common Fields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manors and Parish of Sow, in the County of Warwick, and County of the City of Coventry, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Widow Mills, and her Son John Mills, who are in tit led

to One Yardland, and Mrs. Gillings, Who is intitled to Half a Yardland, to whom Application bad been made to sign the Bill, which they refused, but said they would not oppose the lame}; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Morgan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the Rye Way in the Parish of Tar-pole, in the County of Hereford, to in tire

County of Radnor, and from thence to;

and from Prefieigne, through Nash, to the Top of Trap Hill, and to Wooferton, in the County of Hereford aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will of the right honourable Prichard late Earl- of Burlington and

Cork,

Red Home mar feoncaster Road.

Supplying Edjnburit) Ci'V with Water.

C'vdd

River

Lighthouse.

Sow

Incloluie,

Rye Way

Roads.

Lord

Burlington and Cork’s Will.

Tin well Inclosuxe.

Supply.

Appointing Constables in

Wefimiafter, See.

We

Br'uige «i Hty.

Lincotn

Heath,

&c.

Roads.

29 Geo. II. 85~9°

Cock, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read the First time

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

M r. Cartwrightpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing TinwellFields, in the County of Rutland-, and for settling a Stipend on

the Keftor, in lieu of Glebe and Tythes; And the same was received , and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of -minHer; and to compel proper Ferfo s to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances within the said City and Liberty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Ciock.

Martis, 9" die Mar tit;

Anno 29° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

THE Lord Bateman reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge across the River Wye, from the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Radnor, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had

directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw. rus delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being feveratly read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough; and from the East End of Mar ham Lane to the Town of IVaiion, in the County of Ac; 1 tampion; and

from the Town of Jiounie to the Town or;

and from Bonington High Bridge to the Cross Foil in the Parish of Hacconby; and from the East End of a L.me

called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quartiiigton, in the County of Lincoln-, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made leveial Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report.to the House; and he read the Report in his P:ace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the House being informed, That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bili; Order,d, That the said Bill be re-committed Ordered, That 1 her laid Bill be re-commitied to the Commit!.e, to whom the tame was committed.

Vol. a?.

Mar lit. jot

Vice Admiral Bojcawen reported from the Committee, Truro

to whom the Bill for changing and altering Two several Roads directed to be amended and widened by an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall,' was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had' directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re- -port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question (eve-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by tire House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Magistrates of the Burgh of Irvine, i-inen for themselves, and as representing the Community and *0B‘*, U Inhabitants of the said Burgh, was presented iotheHouse; and read; representing the great Loss and Damage which the Pet itioner? allege willarife to the Kingdom in general, to that Part of the united Kingdom, and the Petitioners In particular, from granting a Bounty upon British and Linen exported at and under 18 d.per Yard, without at the same time giving proper Encouragement to the tine Linen Manufacture; and.aho representing iome ill Consequences which the Petitioners allege will arid horn taking off the Duties up' n foreign Yarn imported: And therefore praying, That the said Bounty may not be granted, unless at the same time proper Encouragement be given to the fine Linen, and that the Duty upon the fpieign Yarn may not be taken off.

Ordered, 1'iiat the said Petit ion do lie upon the Table, until the Repori be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British am Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the foreign raw or brown Linen Yarn imported, was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Harohaa for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Hill Harnham Hill, near the City of New Sarum, in the Road*. County of Wilts, through ! he Towns of Blanaford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment <n Askerfwell

Hill, in the County o \ Dorset, without any Amendment:

And also, .

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by sottoa this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing upon he and inclosing several Fields, Mead ws, and Commons, in the Township of Sutton upon the Forest, in the County Indofaie. of York; and fot givingCoin^enl.tions, in lieu ot lythes, to the Impropriator of the Rectory, and the Viqir of Sutton aforesaid.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for veftingcertain Adjudications, now vested in M.icleod* the Crown by the Attainder of Alexander Mackenzie, of Eftataa." Fraferdale, in Hugh M(Leod, oi Genies, Esquire, was read a Second time.

A Message from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman (J (her of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, wentup lo attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Roya( A(Tfnt his Majesty in the House of Pee'.s: Where his Majesty to Bills.

6 M was

9 '

Royal Afleut to

Bills.

A

502 p° Marti. A. 1755.

was pleated to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Two millions, to be raised by way of Annuities and a Lottery, and charged on the Sinking Fund, redeemable by Parliament; and for extending to Ireland the Laws made in this Kingdom against private and unlawful Lotteries:

An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines:

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant Coriimissions to a certain Number of foreign Protestants, who have served abroad as Officers or Engineers, to ad and rank as Officers or Engineers in America only, under certain Restrictoris and Qualifications:

An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to oblige Ships more effectually to perform their Quarantine; and for the better preventing the Plague being brought from foreign Parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the Isles of Jersey,

ney, Sark, or Man; whereby the Rationing of Ships in-feded with the Plague to the Northward of Cape ttrre is confined to the Harbour of New , and re-

movable to no other Place, and for appointing a more safe and commodious Place instead thereof:

An Act for making and widening a Road from the East Side of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East End of Church Street in the said Parish, and to open a Way or Road into Shoreditch, and keeping the same in Repair;

An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from Basingstoke, through Popham Lane, Sutton

and Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to a Place’

Called Lobcomb Corner, in the county of ; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Spittle House,' over WeyHill, to Mullens Poud, in the said County of Southampton:

" An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act,' passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending several Roads leading from the City q{ Exeter:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Farish.of White Parish, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, and from thence, over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Infra, to Hundred Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton: An Act to enable the Trustees so? repairing Old Street Road, to repair, widen, and make, a Road, from the Sign of the Red Lion on Windmill Hill, through > Street, to th t Ditch Side next the East Side of Holy Well

Mount-, and through a certain Ground to the Sign of the London Apprentice, in the Parities, of St. Luke, and St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of ;

to lay qpen, repair, and widen, a Road, from the said Red Lion, through the Dog Bar, into the Old Street Road, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Eighteen Mile Stone beyond Willoughby Hedge, through the Town of Mere, in the County of Wilts, and through Winranton, to Charlton Houthornand from thence to

Mi Horn Port-, and from Willoughby Hedge aforesaid to the West End of Long Lane in and from

IVme an! on aforesaid to the Sherborn Turnpike Ciofs Gate on Cattle Hill-, and from Wincanton to Sparkford, in the County of Somerfel:

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerfel:

- An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads from the Town of Tewkesbury to Cofcomb Gate, and from Isabel's Elm to the Top of Gotherington Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and from to a Farm

Floufe called the Old Blue Bell, and to the Diredion Poll

in the Parish of Ripple, and to Ford Brook, and

from Brcedon to Eckinglon Bridge, in the County of Wcrcester, and from Tewkesburyto Wainloads Bridge, and to the Road opposite to Eifor.e Church; and om the Market-house in Cheltenham to the Turnpike Road from Bur ford to Gloucester, near a Tree called AJb, in the said County of Gloucester

An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole:

An Act for amending, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Mead Brook, which divides the Pa-rifties of Puckiechurchand Mangotsfield, in the County of

Gloucester, to Christian Malford Bridge, in the Counrvof Wilts; and also from Puckiechurch aforesaid, to certain Coal Mines in the said Parish:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Harnham Hill, near the City of New in

the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Bland ford Forum and Dorchester, to a certain Intrenchment on Af-kerfwell Hill, in the County of Dorj'ct: An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual. an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing, maintaining, and well-governing, a nightly Watch within the City of Bristol:

An Act for the better regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and cleansing, enlightening, and paving, the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways and Causeways, and regulating the Poor, within the Parish of St. Mary le Bone, in the County of Middlesex

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 22d Year of his present Majesty, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for rebuilding the common Gaol for the County of Derby upon a Place called Nun's Green, in the Liberty of the Town of Derby-, and for appointing a proper Place for the safe Custody of Prisoners till such new Gaol shall be completed; and to impower the justices of the Peace for the said County to pay the Rent reserved to the Corporation, for the said Ground, out of the County Rates:

An Act for establishing a Fund for Payment of the Bonds of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and for exchanging the present Bonds of the said Corporation for other Bonds payable out of the Revenues of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the said Great Level-, and for enabling the said Corporation to borrow further Sums for the Use of the said Great Level:

An Act for the Sale of several Lands in Bedford Level, the Estate of the right honourable Karl of Lincoln,

Knight of the most noole Order of the Garter, and therine Countess of Lincoln, his Wife; and for purchasing

other Lands and Hereditaments of as great or greater Value, and settling the said Lands, so to be purchased, to the same Uses as the said Lands to be sold are now settled } and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for explaining and amending an Act made in the 27th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates of Sir isaac Lawrence Wollaston Baronet, an Infant, fituare in the Isle of Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, and Norfolk, in Trustees, to be told or mortgaged, to raise Money for Payment of his Sitters Portions; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for impowering EJlher Hanmer, an Infant, to settle her Estates, pursuant to Articles entered into in Consideration of a Marriage agreed upon between Aflieton Curzon Esquire and the said EJlher Hanmer:

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Bucks and Berks, late the Estate of Thomas Walker, Clerk, deceased, in Thomas Walker the Grandson, in Fee-simple, subject to the railing Portions for his younger Brother a co.-r.

29 Geo. II. 9° Martiu

Macleod’s

Euaies.

Woollen

M^nufa^lurci.

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain open and common Field called Radway within the Township of Rad way, in the county of :

An Act for dividing and mcloling certain Waites or common Grounds in the Parish of in the County of Durham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, common Pallurcs, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Houghton and Pisford, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Township of Sutton upon the For eft, in the County of York; and for giving Compensations in lieu of Tythes to the Impropriator of the Rectory, and the Vjcar, of Sutton aforesaid:

An Act to enable Robert M Esquire, and his First and other Sons, and their Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname ot Gouge, in pursuance of the Will of Nicholas Gouge, deceased:

An Act to enable William Wigget Esquire, now called William Bulwer, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Bulwer, pursuant to the Will of William Bulwer Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Anthony Henry Stem am, Peter Otte, Godfrey Moiling, Christian , Henry Bielf eld, John Peter Blaquiere, and Matthew:

An Act for naturalizing Joft DavidEfternod.

The Bill for veiling certain Adjudications, now vested in the Crown by the Attainder of Alexander Mackenzie, of Fraferdale, in Hugh McLeod, of Genies, Esquire, was comm-tted.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole* House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Weavers of Woollen Broad Cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves.and several Thousands of the Fraternity ot Woollen Broad Cloth Weavers, and other Manufacturers of Cloth,' in the County of Gloucester, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Dif-putes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by an Act of the Twelfth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, in case of Payment of the Workmens Wages in any other manner than in Money, was read: And,

Mr. John Gay laid before your Committee an Order made at the Michaelmas Quarter Session for the County of Gloucester, 1728, for settling the Price of Wages to be

paid to Workmen, as particularly set forth in the Petition; and said, That the said Order was never carried' into Execution, by reason the Clothiers entered into an A IT >ciation not to pay by that Order: That he, with others, applied to'Mr. Cox, a Counsellor, and One of the Justices of the Peace, to have the Order enforced; who told them, he was of Opinion it could not be carried into Execution by any Application to the Jullicer, there being no luminary Way of recovering the Penalty for not complying the rewith.

Then an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign, of his said late Majesty, to prevent unlawful C mbina-tions of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment ot their Wages, was real.

And the said Mr. John Gay further said, That, notwith-stand ngtlu said Laws, the Clotniers lotneumes pay their-' VOL. 27.

Workmen in Truck, and often oblige them to flay for their Wages till they amount to considerable Sums, and then oblige them to taxe Notes payable several Days alter Date, which obliges them to run in Debt for their Sitbfistence, and that, when they are paid Note* in man-ne' aforesaid, they are obliged to make great Allowance to Persons to discount the lame:

That Application had been frequently made to the Quarter Session, for recovering the Penalty for fuclt Practices, and many Persons have been convicted in the Penalty of Ten Pounds; bur the Clothiers have removed the Trials into Westminster Hall, and the Expence of car-

rying on such Prosecutions have been too heavy for the Workmen to carry on; which Grievances are very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and the W oollen Manufacture.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of- their Wages; and also an Act, pafi’cd in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in cale of Payment of the Woikmens Wageo in any other manner than in Money: And that Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Barrow,'Mr. Hayward, and Mr. Probyn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr'. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom

the lngrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Parson Gen- tleman, and Honour his Wife, in Ttutlees, to be lbkl,

for raising Portions for younger Children; and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses of their Marriage Settlement; was committed, That the Committee had exa- . mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill to enable the respective Trustees of the Turn-

pikc Roads leading to HighgateGate House and and from St. Giles's Pound to Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to make a new Road from the great northern Road at Islington to the Road near

Paddington-, and also tiom the North End of Street, crols the Farthing PyeHouse Fields, into the said new Road; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts for repairing the said Road from St. Giles’s Pound to Kilbourn Bridge; was read a Second time.

' Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke,

Sir Wm. BeauchampProRor, Mr. Sir John Phi-

lipps,' Mr. Popham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ellis, Sir Dashwood, Lord Strange, , Colonel Mr. Vynerf Mr. Edgecumbe, Colonel Leftie, Mr. Hm-

mond, Mr. Towr/hend, Mr, RigbyMr. Martin, Colonel Haldane, Sir Charles Mordaunt,\lr. Reynolds, Mr.

worth, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Whitworth, Si; Henry E/Jkine, Mi. Wilkinfsn, Mr. Fellowes,l.oi<I Mr. Keck,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Non hey, Mr. Yoke, Mr. fax, Mr. Morton, Sir John OMr. More, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gy a bun, Mr. Kynaston , Mr.

Thornhagh, Mr Lyfler, Mr. Penton, Mr Mr.

Cocks, M Berkeley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Shelter, M . tun. Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr Mr. Sandy Mr.

Triji, M". Ofzcald.Mr. At.!worth, Sii John , Mr. Barrow, Lord Bateman, M . Mr. Calvert, Mr Great heed, Mr. O/ba/deston, Mr. M

Mr Nugent, Mr Gafhry, M . Mo Amy and, ’

Loid Egmont, Mr. Saunders, Mr. Crvwk", and ail 1 he Members who letve for the Counties I'fir.

Parson’*

EfUte*.

Paddington New Road.

Supplying

Mariners

and

Seamen.

America $ Governing Ships, &c. L^n’ Sea.

EUell

Iodofure.

Dunfoy,

Sec.

Roads;

5°4

Suffolk> Norfolk, Cambridge, Hertford, and Bedford, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Act of the 22d Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces, by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America: And that Mr. Clevland, Mr. Edgcumbe, and Vice Admiral caweit, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosingdivers Parcels of waste Grounds or Commons in EUell, in the County of Lancaster, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Thirteen' Persons, the Value of whose In-lands in the Parish of EUell amounts to £. 174. for. per Annum, and who, having been applied to, said they would not onpose the Bill; and also, except Fourteen Persons, the Value of whose In-lands in the said Parish amounts to/. 166.1 o per Annum; and that the whole annual Value of the Inlands in the said Parish amounts to / 1,690. 9 6 and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto 1 which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Lincoln, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as foilowfcth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. James Mutton, being examined, laid. That he knows the Road from Lincoln to Dunjby Lane End: That there are but few Places in Want of Repair, excepting as much as pafics through an inclosure known by the Name of Johnson's Grounds to Lincoln-, but that he had not been the whole Extent of the Road within this Twelvemonth.

And that the Road from Lincoln to Grantham is more frequented by Passengers and Carriages; and that not One Tenth Part of the Passengers goes the Ron.is from Lincoln to Dunfby Lane End as goes the Roads from Lin-

175

coin to Grantham and Ancaster: That great Quantities of Corn are brought from the Towns known by the Name of the QHT-rcw Tczcns to Lincoln:

__ V

That the Travellers from Ancafland the Cliff-row Sevens will pay a considerable Part of the Toll that vviil be collected at the Bar Gates in the City o

And that the repairing the Roads de;c:ibed in the Petition will be of public Utility: That both the Street Road and the Road by the Towns are greatly out of Repair: That it may be something further from to

Lincoln, by the Side of the Towns described in the Petition, than the direct Road from Ancafler to Lincoln, on the Road called the Street Road.

Mr. James Headland, being examined, said. That he measured the Road from Navenby to the North Side of Waddington Field; that it measured Five Miles

and Five Furlongs; and from Navenby Cross to the Place where the Roads mentioned in the Petition joins the Street Road, is Three Furlongs: Thar he made a Computation of what it would cod to repair this Road; and that he thinks it would coll about /.132 a M le:

That he does not include the Statute-work in this Computation:

And that the Road from the North End of Waddington Field, along the Street Road, where it meets the Road by the Towns, is Five Miles and Three Fui longs, and that it would cost about /. 200 a Mile to repair it:

And that the Repairing of thele Roads will be of public Utility to all Passengers that come by Grantham and Ancafler:That the Road called the Street Road, and the Road by the Towns, are both in very bad Repair.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom t e R I for repairing and widening the Roads from the North'. 1 of Dusifby Lane, in the County of Lincoln, over Heath, to and through the City of Land ti e bail and Close of Lincoln, to the South West Corner 0 holm Hedge, and to Carholm Gate, in the said City; and

from Carholm Gate, over Saxleby Bridge, to Nooke, and from thence to Dunham and Liit/conrgl: Ferries-, and from the North End of Waddington Field, and from the Bridge over the River at Bracebridge

unto the said City; and from the Gate at the Fo it of Canwicke Hill, by the Little Bar Gates, to t i,e Great Bar Gates, of the said City; and for enforcing the Performance, of Statute-work upon the Highways communicating with the said Roads, to a certain Uillance from the said Roads; is committed. That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the North End if Waddington Field, t> wards Ancafler

and Grantham, through the Parish s of Waddington,

Harmflon, Coleby, Boothby, and to the Place

where the Road from Ravenby to Ancafler joins the Road called the Street Road;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Keck reported from the Committee, to whom the Leij-l

Bill to enable James Leigh Esquire, now called James Name.

Perrot, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surn me and Arms of Perrot, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Perrot,

Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabie.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Searchers, Affill- Derhr, ants, and Commonalty, of the Company of Cutlers in Hallamshire, in the County of York, under their Common Seal, and of several Freeholders, Farmers, and Artificers in Iron and Steel, within the Town of Sheffield, and the Township or Hamlet of Ecclesal, in the Pari fir ot Sheffield, in the County of Yorkr, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf ot themselves, and others, the Inhabitants of the said Places, relating to the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the White Stoop near the

North

90 Mar Hi.

29 Geo. II.

North End of the Town of , through the Towns of Duffield and Chefierfieldin the County of Derby, to the Tow n of Sheffield, in the County of York; an dfrotn the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of H’irksworth, in the said County of Derby: being offered to be presented to the House:

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Derby An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the White Stoop near the North End of the Town Hoad. Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Chesterfield,

in the County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York; and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of in the said

County of Derby; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

In the Lift of Trustees, to insert " and to leave out " Sir John St at ham Knight."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questionfe-verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly, i Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

I An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the

White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Town of Duffield and in the

Ccunsy of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York; and from the said Town of Duffield to the Moot Hall in the Town of W in the said County of Derby.

Ordered, That the Lord George do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Hundred Ordered, That Lord Parker, Mr. Martin, Sir Edward Font Turner, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Mr. Hanger, Mr.

Kiver^ Nicho/fonCalvert, Mr. Keck, Mr. Selwyn, Lord

ra-r-a£'- man, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. , Mr. Lord

North, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hardlands of Mepal, Witcham, , Witch-

ford, Ely, Downham, and and for impower-

ing the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conlcrvators of the Great Level of the , commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, and commonly called In-vejled Lands; is committed.

Wj rin Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Church, &c. Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. John of in the County of

Middlesex, and of several Owners of Houses, Lands, Te-,4 r nements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, whole i Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves,

and the rest of the Inhabitants and Owners of Premises within the said Parish; and also the Petition of the several Owners of Houses and Lands within the Parish of St. John, Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others. Owners of Houses and Lands within the said Parish; and also the Petition of several Owners of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of St. John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and several of the Inhabitants and Owners of Premises within the said Parish; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support-of the Allegations of the First and Third-mentioned Petitions,

Vol. 27.

505

Part of an Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, was read; whereby it appeared, that, in the Year 1617, the Inhabitants of Wppping, at their Charge, built a Chapel for their own Use, and, by voluntary Contributions, maintained their Minister and Clerk, and had been at great Charge in the Repairs, Ornaments, and Conveniences, of the said Chapel.

Mr. George Dance, Surveyor to the City of London being examined, said, That, by the Form of the Church, it seemed to be built only for a Chapel: That the Walls are only Two Bricks and a Half thick: That there is no Steeple; and that it is not built in that substantial manner that Parish Churches usually are: That the Walls of Churches ought to be Four Bricks thick at the least: That the Foundation is about One Brick thicker in some Places; and that it is in a very indifferent Condition:

That the Floor, in most Places, is Five Feet below the Surface of the Ground on the Outside: Thar the Ground in the Church-yard is raised by the Burial of Corpses, which makes the Church excessively damp and unwholsome.

And being asked, If it could not be repaired for £.500 he said. That the Building may be supported; and that £.500 would repair it, to make it Hand for 40 or5oYcars, but not to repair it effectually:

That the Church cannot be madefafeand wholfomefor the Inhabitants to assemble in, without railing the Floor; and that the Roof must be raffed in proportion to the Floor; and that the Walls are not capable of bearing & Superftrudure:

That it cannot be drained, without removing a great Number of Corpses;and that the Expence of these Repairs and Works will amount to jt. 4 or 5,000; and that the building of a new Church would cost about or £. 5,000.

And that it can never, by any Repair, be made safe and wholsome, and fit for People to fit in.

Mr. James Steer, Surveyor to the Hand in Hand Fire Office, and Saint Thomas's and Guy’s Hospitals, being examined, said, That he had surveyed this Church; and that it was not built in thatsubstantia) manner that Parish Churches usually are: That the Walls of many Houses are as thick: That it was built in the Year 1617: that the Pavement of the Church, in many Places, is or 5 Feet below the Surface of the Ground on the Outside; and that when the Pavement of the Church was dug up, found it 18 Inches deep in Water:

That the Church isTwo Feet below the Ditches at high Water Mark, and the Water cannot be drained from the Church: That the Water soaked against the Walls of the Church, and prejudices the Foundation:

That the Level of the Church-yard is higher than the Bottom of the Shore: That the Water in the Churchyard will not drain into the Shore, but will loak into the Graves:

That it is practicable to raise the Floor of the Church; but that the Galleries must be taken down, and raffed, and then there will not be room for People in the Galleries to stand upright:

But that he did not think it possible to raise the Floor of the Church above the Level of the Church-yard; and that the Foundation is too weak to raise aSuperftrufture upon.

And being asked. Whether, by some little Expence, it might not bealtered, to answer the Purpose of Rebuilding ? said. That it may be supported; but that he would not advise the Repair of it:

That it is impossible to repair it effectually; and that it will be continually in want of Repairs: That the Foundation is decayed, and hollow, and the Waterfoaking under.it makes it ftillworfe; and that it would cost as much to repair it, so as to remedy the Inconveniences, as to rebuild it; and that it would be a Cripple in a few Years, if it was repaired:

That if a Drain was to be made, a great Number of Corpses must be removed: That the Inhabitants would

6 N not

90 Mar tii.

90 Martiu A. 1756".

Wapping Church, &c.

not suffer Corpses to be removed; and that no Method can be found to drain the Church and Church-yard, without removing the Corpses.

And being asked, What would be the Expence of draining the Church and Church-yard ? he said, About $ or £.600 in the best Method it could be done; but that he apprehends it is not possible to keep the Church dry by any Drain whatl'oever, as the Floor of the Church is Two Feet below the high Water Mark: and that if a Drain was to be made Three Feet above the Floor of the Church, it would not be practicable to keep the Church dry, as all the Water that falls on the Graves will loak under the Bottom of the Church: That if the Church was to be new-paved, it might, in fotne measure, remedy it; but that if an Area was to be made, a great number of Corplis must be removed.

Part of an Act made in the 5th and 6th Years of King William and Queen Mary., was read; whereby it appeared,'

That for repairing, or, if Occasion be, for rebuilding, enlarging, and adorning, of the said Parish Church of Saint John of Wapping, and for the making of the same more convenient for the Inhabitants thereof, a Rate was to be made,.to be allowed by Two Justices.

Mr Richard Clarke, Parishioner and Inhabitant of St. John of Wapp'ing being examined, laid. He had frequented the Church conftautly; but for Six or Seven Years past had not been there Ten Times, because he thought the Church damp and unwhollome: That going into the Church is as bad as going into a Vault: That it proceeds from the Water soaking out of the Church-yard into the Church: and that he has heard many other Inhabitants have been intimidated from attending divine Worship for that Reason.

And being asked, If any Drain had been made to drain the Water off from the Church ? said. He did not know; but that he knows the Bottom of the Church is lower than any Groundabout it, and thinks it inypoffible to drain the Water off.

Mr. Thomas Goodland, being examined, said, That he is a Parishioner, and has lived Three Years in the Parish, and has constantly attended divine Service till within this Quarter of a Year: and that he tat at one End of the Church, where the Graves in the Church-yard were over his Head; and that he ivas taken very ill in the Church, and was nut able to follow his Business fur a Fortnight: That when he went into the Church, he was in good Health: That he has often seen the Walls wet and damp, which he apprehends was owing to the Ground on the Outside being raised so high.

Mr. John Norris, being examined, laid, That he has

attended the Church, as Clerk, for 9 Years: That he has often found the Church cold and damp, and is now much damper than it uled to be, and, in many Places, has not been dry for a Week: That the Water lies within Two Foot of the Floor of the Church; and that when Graves have been dug, have been obliged to lade the Water out with Pails: That the Church-yard is so full of Corpses, that feme lay partly above Ground; and that he has found the Stench lo great, that he has not been able to go within Ten Feet of the Graves; and that the Church-yard has been dug up Five or Six times since he has been Clerk; and that they bury Five or Six Corps upon one another:

That there has been double Doors to the Church about Nine or Ten Years; and that it is not now sufficiently warm:

That lie has found the Church very cold in the Week Days, when there has not been Ten People at Church, except the Children: That he apprehends the Dampneis to proceed from the Ground on the Outside being raised so high above the Church; and that the Water cannot be carried off without removing Five or Sixhundred Corpses:

That the Floor of the Church is more than Two Feet below the high Water Mark, and Five Feet below the Surface of the Ground in the Church-yard; and that the latter is occalxoned by the many Burials there:

20

That if a Trench was to be made round the Church,-to carry the Water off, he apprehends above 50c Corpses must; be removed, several of which have been but lately buried; and that several Families have Vaults; and he believes they would not suffer the Corpses to be removed.

That the Church-yard, in its present Condition, is much too small; and if a Trench was made. Half the Church-yard would be taken away:

That if these Corpses were to be removed, they would be very offensive; and that he has heard People complain, in the Summertime, that they have not been able to bear their Windows open, the Stench has been so great.

And being asked, Whether the Fees that arile from Burials are not sufficient to provide a proper Burying Ground? said. They were not. That the Parish were at great Expences in burying People that are drowned; which the Tide leaves in the Parish, which obliged them to expend most of the Money arising by those Fees.

The reverend Mr. Griffith, being examined, laid. That he has performed divine Service in this Church for about Five Years; and he thinks it is not a proper Place for the Inhabitants to assemble in: That it is very damp and un-whollome: and that he knows many People keep away, who would come if it was made commodious and whol-some: That the Coffins in the Church-yard lie above Ground in many Places: That the Ground is so full that they can’t be put lower; and that the Church is very damp, owing to the Ground in the Church-yard being raised so high: That the Church-yard is much too small, in proportion to the Number of Burials: That his House adjoins to the Church-yard, and, in hot Weather, the Corpses are very offensive: That they bury about Three hundred Persons in a Year.

Mr. John IV ebber, being examined, said. That lie is Sexton of the Parish of St. John of trapping: That in digging the Graves in the Church-yard, he has always found Water at the Depth of about Four or Five Feet; and that the usual Depth of the Craws is about Five Feet; and that when he buried in the Church, he found Water at about the Depth of Two Feet: and that when a Grave has been opened in hot Weather, lie has not been . able to come near it, the Stench has been so great; and that the Church-yard is not sufficient to contain the Number of Corpses; and that several Houses have been pulled down, to enlarge the Church-yard.

Bolton Manwaring Esquire, Surveyor to the London Hospital, being examined, said, That lie had surveyed this Church, and should recommend the building a new Church: That the present Church is a very weak Building: That the Walls, in many Places, are decayed and hollow, and not able to bear any more Weight than they now bear: That the Walls above Ground are about Two Bricks or Two Bricks and a Half thick; and that the usual Thickness of the Walls of Churches is Four, Five, or Six Bricks thick; That he never knew the Walls of Churches less than Four Bricks thick:

That the Church is very damp, which cannot be remedied by any Means, but by raising the Floor of the Church to the Level of the Church-yard; and that if this was done, it would be necessary to raise the Roof in proportion to the Floor: That the Performance of all Works necessary for this Purpose would cost as much as it would to rebuild the Church; and that it would be continually in Want of Repairs, and the whole would be a Cripple; and that if it was his own Property, he would not repair it, nor for any Body else:

That if an Area was to be made round the Church, it would cause a great number of Corpses to be removed: That, from the Pavement of the Church to the Underside of the Planking that covers the Sewer, there is a Fall of Nineteen Inches: That the nearest Distance from the Church to the Sewer is 94 Feet; and that the Sewer is frequently choaked up; and it is impossible for any Water to get into it but from the Drains that run.into it: That the Sewer is frequently filled with Mud, and rhe

Vaster

29 Geo. II.

Water must reflow: That the Floor of the Church, upon a common Spring Tide, is about Three Feet lower than the high Water Mark: That the Tide frequently runs through a Butcher’s House right against the Church Gates.

And being asked, laid. He did not suppose that the Floor of the Church is lower than when it was built; and that he did not believe there was any Ground in the Fa* rish higher than the Level of the Church;and that there are no Means for making the Church as useful now as it was formerly, without rebuilding it: That the Church cannot well fall down, it is lo jammed in by the Ground round it; and that it is but about Ten Feet above Ground:

That the Church-yard, in moll Places, is higher than the Level of the Church *. and, that, round the Church in general, he_ thinks the Difference in the Heighth of the Ground, is not above Five or Six'Inches. '

And being asked, Whether lie did not know of any Church that the Ground on th» Outside was higher than the Level of the Church? he laid. He did not, so much as this: ’ ' ’ ’ '

That the Pavement of the Church is in a very bad Condition; and that the Church cannot be" drained, and made fife and wholfome1 for the inhabitants to assemble in.

Mr. Cotton, Vestry Clerk of the Parish of St. Joky of Wapping, being examined, said, That if there was a gopd Church, it would increaserhe Rents in that Parish: That if the Expence of the Repairs of the Church was to be defrayed by the Inhabitants only, many of them would be obliged to quit their Houses and that the Generality of the Inhabitants are poor People; many in the upper Part of the Parish are not able to pay the Scavengers Rates; and that the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor have increased within these Three Years:

And that if the Church was rebuilt, the Land Owners would reap lading Advantages:

And that new Churches have been built in the Parishes of Saint Olave and Saint Botolph where the Inha

bitants were better able to bear the Expence of building a Church than the Parish of of

Bolton Manwaring Esquire, being further examined, said, That there is a great Number of poor Persons in this Parish; and that no Parish is more burthened than this; and believes very few so much:

And that if the Church was to be rebuilt, and the Rates to be charged on the Inhabitants only, he thinks they would not be able to hear it:

And that the Church may be repaired, but can never be made safe and wholsome; and that if he was Owner of all the Land in the Parish, helhould think it necessary to rebuild the Church.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Henry Keene Surveyor, being examined, laid, He liirveyed this Church on the 22d of January last: That it was built as substantial as was necessary for a Church of that Height; but if lie was to build a Church now, should build it thicker, because he should build it higher: That he had examined the Walls, and found them, from the Level of the Pavement up to the Bottom of the Windows, to be Three Bricks thick, and from thence to the Plate of the Roof, Two Bricks and an Half thick, common sized Bricks:

That he found no Part of the Building unfound: That all the Timber that is visible, and which is the material Part, is very found, not quite lo found as when put up, but will last many Years: That the Pews are very good and found, except here and there One a little torn by burying near the Walls; but that if proper Care was taken, they would last 40 or 50 Years:

And that the Floor of the Church is funk in many Places by Burials, and has settled in Holes all over the Church; and that it wants repairing:

And t hat the Ground in the Church-yard is from Three Vo l.27.

507

to Six Feet above the Floor of the Church, occasioned, as he apprehends, from the many Burials: That several Tombs lie now improperly; and that no Care has oeen taken to throw the Water off from the Walls: That there is no Means of carrying off the Water but by a dry Drain; but that will occasion the Removal of a great Number of Corpses; and thataTrench may be dug round the Church, about 18 Inches wide, which would prevent the Ground from lying immediately against the Walls of the Church; and that about Three Feet of Earth might be taken away all round the Church; and that such dry Drain, if made about Six Inches below the Paving of the present Church, would prevent the Water from coming against the Walls of the Church:

That he examined the Roof of the Church: That it appeared to him to be in a good Situation; the Rafters and Gutters lay very straight; but that there had been great Neglects in cleaning the Gutters; One of the Gut--terswas stopped up, there was near a Hog (head of Water; so that all the Water that fell on that Side of the Church must lodge there.

: And being asked, Whether the Tide would not break into this dry Drain ? he said, Some little might ouze through; but that he should take care to prevent it as much as poflrble:

That he makes no doubt but the Tide comes into the common Sewer: That the Level of the Church is Two Feet lower than high Water Mark: That the Tide at high Water would flow up the new Drain; but it might be prevented by a Valve or Flap: That the Water must be Hopped in the Drain during the coming in of the Tide:

And that he apprehends the Dampness proceeded from Water soaking through the Ground that lay against the Walls of the Church; and that the Church appeared to him to have been kept in proper Repair in every Re-ipeft, but that of carrying off the Water; and that if proper Care had been taken to carry off the Water, it would be safe for the Inhabitants to assemble in; and that, with the Alteration he proposed, it would be as whdllome as it had been for 40 or 50 Years past; That the Ground on the Outside has been as high as it is now ihefe^o Yeark.

And being asked, he said it was practicable to carry the Water from the Foundation of the Church to the common Sewer, but not without removing some Corpses; not such a Number as have been before mentioned.

And he confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Manwaring, with respect to the Level of the Church, compared with the common Sewer:

That he does not think it necessary to enter into such a Repair as has been mentioned, but acommon Repair, such astaifing the Floor, and other Necessaries, which he thinks might be done for about £. 500; but that he had made no particular Estimate; and this would make it as safe, and as wholsome, for the Inhabitants to assemble in, as it has been for40 Years past; which Repairs would make the Church last for 50 or 60 Years.

Mr. Matthew Fairless, Surveyor and Builder, being examined, said. He had surveyed this Church in the Beginning of December last; and that he thinks it was built in a very good manner: That he never saw so old a Building so upright: At every Corner there is a great Buttress, which appear to have been built with the original Building; at the North West and South West Corners, there are Two more considerable Buttresses than any of the rest: That he measured ’em, and found ’em to be Four Feet thick, and built in an Octagon Form ;the rest from 18 Inches to 2 or 3 Feet wide, and from 3 to Bricks thick; and that, in his Opinion, the Walls are strong, and will Hand as long as any modem Building: That the Church is 140 Years old:

And that, at the original Building of this Church, there did not appear any Intention of building Galleries; but that, in the Year 1722, on the South Side, there appears to have been a Gallery built; and that as there was no Preparation in the Design to prevent the Gallery coming

from

90 Marfiu

Wspping Churdi, &ct

508 9° — io°

from the Wall, therefore Irons were put through the . Timbers of the Gallery through the Piers of the Church j and, at the Outside, there is an Iron put, which is called an (S).: and they are ferewed so fast together, that they irrengthen and support one another: That there are other Galleries on the other Sides of the Church done in the same manner at different times: That he found the Church in general in very good Condition: That he founded all the Timbers with his Hammer, and found them found; but that at the South East Corner, by some Damp, there is about a Yard Square of the Plailtering off:

That if a little Money is laid out, it will make the Church safe and wholsome: That he has frequently gone to this Church for 40 Years past: That, at the South East Corner, there is a Tomb that raises the Ground Five or Six Feet:

That, to repair the Church, and remove the Things complained of, and make it drier, and to beautify it, would cost between fc.4 and 500. and make it more convenient than ever: That the Dampness may be removed, if the Gutters are taken care of: That he thinks the Ground lying against the Church will not damage it, if Care is taken to keep the Wet from it: That the Water may be easily carried off: That it would be dangerous to build a heavier Church, and thinks a new Church is not necessary; and that he would go to the old Church as soon as any other; and that, with moderate Repairs, it will last Three or Fourscore Years.

And being aiked, Whether he could take upon him to say, that the Walls are not periftied in any one Part ? be said, he could: That in all the Walls, except one Place at the West End under the Window where the Water had run down, becaul'e the Gutterswere flopped, he found no other Decay but the common Decay of Bricks:

And that a Hole was dug Two Feet and an Half deep in the Church, and he found Water, which, in about Half an Hour, role Six Inches; but did not rife any higher in Three Days.

And being aiked. Whether there was any such thing as draining the Church? he laid, There was no such thing as draining that Water, either there or anywhere else in the Parish:

That he don’t know how deep the Foundation lies below the Floor; but that it is usual to carry the Foundation more than Four Feet below, and thinks the Water will not perish the Foundation of this Church: That he does not think the Water lying so near the Floor of the Church makes the Church damp; and that if the Water is kept from the Ground on the Outside, the Church will not b* more damp than common:

That at the South West Corner, the Ground is Five or Six Feet higher than the Floor of the Church, in i’ome Parts Four Feet higher, and in others Three Feetdefcending down:

That Wafting Street is not above a Foot higher than the Floor of the Church; and that the Church does not want any Draining:

That there are Floors to the Pews, some of which are found, and some not; and that he believes there may be some little Damps that may hurt the Pews:

And that he would not advile the carrying the Water oft from under the Church, because the Tide might flow up the Mouth of the Drain.

And, in order to flievv the Ability of the Inhabitants to repair the said Church, and purchase Ground for a Burial Place, the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Pa-rilhesof Saint George, Saint John Wafting

well, the Hamlet of Ratcliff, and the Precinct of Chfe, i n the County of Middlesex, whole N ames are there -

unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Places, presented to the House on the 17 th Day of Decem last, and the Report thereupon, were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church, and enlarging the Church-yard, of John of M appings in the County of

2+

Martii. A. 1756.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TdtefcMheT^f^ } 54.

Tellers for the Noes.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. CookeSir William Beauchamp

ProElcr, Sir Francis Dashwood, and Sir John Philipps, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve it felt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Glover with Hannah Nunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry' again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and to compel proper Persons to take

upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances within the said City and Liberty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, i o° die Martii;

Anno 29* Georgii II'1* Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

/~\RDE RED, That the Marquis of Granby, Lord Fane, Mr. John Hervey, Lord Mr. Gajhry,

Mr. Thomas Harvey, Mr. Wm. Leveson Gower, Mr. Henry Per non. Lord Upper Ojfory, Mr. Mr. junior, Mr. Potter, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. , Colonel Waldegrave, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Brand, Admiral

Griffin, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Campbell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred. Foot lliver and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hardlands of Mepal, Witcham, Wentworth, Witchford, Ely, Downham, and Littleport-, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limitsaforesaid, and commonly called InvejledLands-, is committed.

A, Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, within the Hundred or District of Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all

other

Glover*

Divorce.

Call of the House.

Appointing Confhbles in Wtft-minster, &c«

Hundred Foot River Drainage.

Darlington

Road.

29 Geo. II. to®

other the Inhabitants within the said t)i(irift, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Application which his been made to the Houte, for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Ileign, for repairing the high Road leading from Darlin the County of to WestAuckland, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for augmenting the Tolls, and charging of Coal and Lime Carriages passing along the said Road; and alleging. That, in case a further Toll be laid on Carriages or Cattle coming upon the said Road at a Place called Burtree Lane End, and going empty for, or returning ltdert with, Coals, Cinders, or Lime, the same will be a very great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and all other Persons retiding in the said District; and that the Petitioners, and all other Persons residing in the said District, can make use of the said Road only in the Summer Sea-Ion, the Highways leading thereto being impassable in the Winter: And therefore praying, That no further Toll or Duty may be taken for Carriage or Cattle coming upon the said Road at Burtree Lam End aforesaid, and going empty for, or returning laden w'ith, Coals, Cinders, or Lime; or that the Petitioners may have such other ' Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for en-Jarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the high Road leading from , in the County of

Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned; and for the effectual amending the lame; is committed.

Qualifying Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to for Offices, qua|jfy themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Jiefolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

w e Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Bruite adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Comat Hay- mittee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge across the

River IVye from the Town of Hay, in the County of con, to the opposite Shore in the County of Radnor, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Monday Morning'next.

YSce-trMfurer, The House was moved, That the Order of the House, *of Ireland.' ma^e upon Monday the 26th Day of January last, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the lad Grant of the Office of Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of ail his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland-, and also of Treasurer at War

there; together with a List of all such Persons as have been respectively appointed to the said Office, to the present Time, with the Dates of their respective Appointments thereto; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

'1 he House was acquainted, That the Papers, mentioned in the said Order, had been returned to Sir PVilmot; and are now in his Hand-.

Ordered, That Sir Robert do lay before this

House, Tomorrow Morning, all such Papers, now in his Hands, as ho has received from Ireland, in consequence of the said Order.

Safe of Mr. Hardiuge reported from the Committee, to whom Dantfey the Bill for vesting the Manor of D ant fey and Hundred Mauor. Qf Chippenham, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements,

Vol. 27.

Martii. 509

and Hereditaments, in the Coupty of Wills, late the Estates of Charles Earl of Peterborow and Monmouth, deceased, in Trustees, for raising a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were ence lead throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act VFuthill for dividing and inclosing the undivided Parts of the fe- Inclosure, veral common Fields in the Township of in

the County of York, and for giving Compensations to the Rector o iHoltbyin the same County, and the Vicar of Warthill aforesaid, in lieu of Tythes and certain Ecclesiastical Dues, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crowle,

Mr. Hardiuge; Sir John Cufi, Sir John Philipps, - Mr.

Monson , Sir John Crofj'c, Mr. KynafMr. Mere, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Lord Strange, Mr. Banks, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Keck, Mr. Lyflet, Mr. Prozvfe,

Sir Francis Poole, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Mr. Hume, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mr. Sloper,

Sir John Turner, Sir John Hind Cotton, ’ Mr. Barrow,

Lord Malpas,.Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bayniun, Mr CV-mitts, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Eger ton , Sir Lionel Pilkingtim, Mr. O' Brier.,

Colonel Mor daunt, Mr. Mediycot, Mr. Mr.

gent. Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Scott, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Fane, Mr. Walpole, Mr* Fonnereau, Sir Robert Ladbrokes Mr. Price, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Felt owes,

Mr. Curzon, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Wkichcot, Mr.

Nor they, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Gas M Mr.

Crefwell, Mr. Trift, Mr. Symmons, Mr. Pitts, Mr. -worth, Mr. Cocks, Mr Foley, Mr. Chaplin,

Si\r John Wynne, Mr. Amcotls, Mr. Gu/ston-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of York and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the better ascertaining, recover- p0ole ing, and collecting, certain Duties payable upon the Im- Harbour, portation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the I own and County of Poole, and also of Ballast and Doomage Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharfs; and for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establishing and regulating a nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets, in the said Town; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the better ascertaining, recovering, and coi-Jesting, certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Town and County of Poole; and also of Ballast and Boomage Duties payable in respect of Ships and V effeis coming into and going out of the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharfs; and for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establishing and regulatinga nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets, in the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Gulfton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

6 O Sir

E litres.

Glouceftef*

lfC»

Rotd*.

Dunfovj

&c.

Roads,

F'jrrin^don,

*C.

Roads.

510 10 6 Mar fit.1756.

Sirjfo/^ 'turn#reported from the Committee, to whom Malmcsbury, in the County of Wilts, nrtd the Hoad from the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for thence to join the Turnpike Hoad at Aslan in

vesting in Trusteescertain Messuages, Lands.Tenements, the County of Gloucester; and also the Hoad from and Farms, in the County of Surrey, settled upon the bury, in the said County, through Malmcsbury aforesaid, Marriage of Richard Dickson Skriue Esquire, with Eliza- to Chippenham Bridge-, and the Road from Shefton to bctk, his now Wife, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to join tire Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath; Articles, and for laying out the Purchase-money in other was read the Third time.

Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of their That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Marriage Settlement, was committed, That the Commit- be, An Act for repairing and widening the Hoad from the tee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found Town of in the County of , to the

the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had Town of and from thence to the Town of

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the in the County of Wilts, and the Road from

Committee; and that the Committee had directed him thence to join the Turnpike Road at A cl on in

to report the Bill to the House without any Amend- the County of and also the Road from

ment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, bury, in the said County, through Malmcsbury aforesaid,

to Chippenham Bridge; and the Road from to join

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road the Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath. leading from the City of Gloucester to the Smith’s Shop at Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the or near a Place called Bedlam, (being Part of the Road to Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester); and also the

Road leading from the said City to the Road leading from A Petition of £/;«// Esquire, was prefefrted to the Tewkesburytowards Cheltenham, near the Hand and F oft at House,'and read; alleging, That the Petitioner is Pro-

Combe Hill (being Part of the upper Road to Tewkesbury prietor of a considerable Trafl of Land lying in t lie Pa-aforesaid), in the said County; was read the Third time, rishes of Fordham and Denver, in the county of ,

The Amendment following was proposed to be made which have never yet been subject to any Draining Tax; to the Bill; viz. and that if the Bill, depending in the House, for drain*

Pr. 1. L. 7. To leave outfrotfl " City" to " Leva kef- ing and preterving certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely " bury," in L. 8. and insert " towards." and County of lying between the Hundred Foot

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put Hiver and the and bounded on the South by tWe

thereu|>on, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was Hardlands of , Wile ham, Wentworth, Witchford,

amended at the Table accordingly, Ely, and and for inr, powering the

Then a Member, returned upon a new Writ, took the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, com-and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the monly called Bedford , to fell certain Lands lying Laws made for those Purposes. within the Limits aforesaid, and commonly called In-

And then the Amendments following were severally vLands; should p.ffs into a Law, the Petitioner will proposed to be made to the Bill; viz. not only be subject to a Draining Tax, but may be other-

Pr. I. L. 8. To leave out from " Tewkesbury" to " at," wife prejudiced in his Property: And therefore praying, in L. 9. and insert " to a certain Bridge upon the said That he may be at Liberty to be heard, by himself or " Road;"and after " at," to insert " or near;" Counsel, against: such Parts of the said Bill as may affect

L. 10. To leave out " Combe Hill," and insert his Properly.

" Norton Mill:" Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Pr. 5. L. 23. To leave out from " Road" to the first Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill " or," in L. 25. is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by

L. 27. To leave out "at that Place." himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Petition, if he thinks fit. severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And Ordered, That it be an Inrtruflion to the said Com-the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. mittee. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at :he

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title same time, in favour of the said Bill, again It the said be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading Petition, from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham and

Tezvkesbury, in the County of Gloucester. A Petition of the Owners of a certain Trafl of Land

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the lying in a certain Fen called in the Parish of

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. in the of Ely, and County of,

lying between the Hundred Feet River and the Onze, and Ordered, That Mr. John Delaval, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Part of the Great Level of the Fens, was also presented to Barry, Sn John Hind Cotton, Mr E'oley, Sir John Mole/- the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners laid worth, Mr. Symonds, Sir Francis Dafawood, Mr. Da/hwoodLands lie together, and, for many Years last part, have been King, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for sufficiently drained by the present Methods in Use; and repairing and widening the Roads from the North End of that in case the Water or Sock should be drained lower Dunjby Lane, in the County of Lincoln, over Lincoln Heath, in t he Summer Season than has been usual.it would greatly to and through the City of Lincoln, and the Bail and Close tend to the impoverishment of the said Lands, the Soil of Lincoln, to the South Well Corner of Rifeholm Hedge, thereof beinga black Moor, and requiring more MoiRure and to Carholm Gate, in the said City; and from Carholm than other Sorts of Land; and that if a Bill for draining Gate, over Saxleby Bridge, to Dr in fey Nooke, and from the said Fens, by a Mill Tax, shouki pass into a Law. it thence to Dunham and Littleburgh Ferries;from the North would be a Detriment to the Petitioners: And therefore End of- Waddin°tonField, and from the Bridge over the praying. That the Petitioners may be exempted from the.

River Wytham at Bracebridge, unto the said City; and said Mill Tax, in respect of their said Lands in the said from the Gate at the Foot of Canwicke Hill, by the Little. Town called West more, except Inch Part thereof as is ca!'-Bar Gates, to the Great Bar Gates of the said City; and ed Frith-head; and that the Petitioners may have such for enforcing the Performance of Statute-work upon the other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Highways communicating with the said Roads, to a cer- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the tain Distance from the said Roads. Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill

is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Fairingdon, in the County of Berks, to A Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the

live Town of Cricklade, and from thence to the Town of Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed i 4 1 and

Hnmfafl F *oc Kiver Drainage:

Ditto.

FOMlV*!,n$

Linen

Mimifacture.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Appointing Con-abits in WcO min tier# *c-

29 Geo. II. ib° — i

and deserted young Children, vfras prefenled to the House; and read; reciting, that the Petitioners were incorporated by Letters Patent bearing Date the 17th Day of October, in the 13th Year of his present Majesty, which were confirmed by an Act made iti the same Year: And alleging, that the Petitioners have proceeded to execute the Trusts in them thereby reposed j and have maintained and educated the Children under their Care with she utmost Frugality, in such a manner that they might become useful Servints to the Public; and have placed ont fimie of the Boys to the Sea Service, and the Girls are Servants in private Families; ami that the Petitioners, in the Execution of their Trust, have expended great Sums of Money, which have arisen from his Majesty's most gracious Bounties, and the Benefaflions and Legacies of well-dil’posed Persons; and that many proper Objects have from time to time been brought to the Petitioners, the greatest Part of which they, from the Inefficiency of their Income, could not admit, to their great Concern, and the Detriment of the Public; and that the Petitioners, from the different Accounts they have received frorrrforeign Countries, where Charities of the likeNature are established, do find, that the Numbers of Children supported thereby are very great, and the Expence attending the same too lafge to be expected from private Donations only, and therefore ha*e had the conlhint Assistance of their respective Legislatures: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, add take such Measures for the Extensionand Support of the faitl Charity as they shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to tonfider of the said Petition.

T Martii. 51

take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances within the said City and Liberty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Ciock.

Urn-- -- — ----- ’--- F

Jcvis, li° die Martii;

Anno 290 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756. Prayers.

H E House being informed; That Sir Robert -X mot attended at the Door;

He was called in.

And having; at she Bar, produced, according to Order, a Paper, intituled,

Copy- — Grant of the Office of Vice Treasurer to " John Earl of Sandzvich, George Earl of u and Welbore Ellis Esquire:" Andalfo,

A Paper, intituled, " A Lift of Vice Treasurers of Ireland, from the Reign of the First, taken

" from the Patent Rolls of the Court of Chancery, and " certified by the Deputy Clerk and Keeper of the Rolls;" And having also produced a Letter from Ireland to the said Sir Robert IVilmot, inclosing the before-mention-

ed Papers;

And, having been examined in relation to the said Papers and Letter, he presented the feme to the House. And then he withdrew.

And the said Letter, and the Titles of the said Papers', were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers aftd Letter'do lie upon the l able, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Dodington reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of Britishand Linens exported,

and taking of the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. And the said Report was read. '

And a Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this DayTw'o Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

74-

90.

Tellers for the Yeas. \ f

T^rtheNoc

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I ioufe, to confidev further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and to compel proper Persons to

Vol. 27.

Ordered, That Sir John Hinde Cotton be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely, and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouxs, and bounded on the South by the Hard.Lands6( Mepal, Wit c ham, Went worthy Witchford, Ely, Downham, and Liltleport; and for impoivering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, ccqimoniy called Bedford Level, to fell certain l^ands lying within the Limits aforesaid, and commonly called Invejted Lands; is committed.

Sir John Morgan reported from the Committee, tp whom the Bill for repairing and widening tho Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same County extends; and from Kington to Brilleys Mountain; and from Kington, through Bellingham, to Earde/leyi and from Kington, through Spoud, to Almelys (Votion, and through the Holmes Marsh to Almely, and from Kington through the Parishes of Lions Hall, Almely, Sarn fe/d, and Norton to Eckleys Green; and from Kington, through the Pari (lies of Lions Hall and Pembridge, to Eardisland; and from Kington, through Titley and Stanjbatch, under thcSidc of IVapley Hill, to Staple Bar and from Kington, through Lions Hall\ to Knoaks Bridge, and from thence to Mitten House, in the said County of Hereford; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hint, to report to the House; and he read the Report in his P*ace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time* 6ne by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; except One of them, which was disagreedf to, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill: Ordered> That the Bill, with the Amendments* b£ ingroftld.

Art

Vice Treasurer;

&c. of Ireland-

Hundred

Foor

River

Drainage.

Kington

Roud>.

Tool

Road*

Hundred

Foot

River

Drainage.

leicester,

be.

Roads,

512 n° Martii. 1756.

An ingrossed Bill to repair and widen the Rqads from An ihgrolted Bill for completing and finishinga new To the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Church, and laying out and incioting a Cemetery

Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and also the Road to, in the Island of Portland, was read the Third time, from Knot:kin, in the County of Salop, to Llanrhaiderin The Amendments following were severally propefed Mochiant, in the County of Denbigh, was read the to be made to the Bill;

Third time. Pr. 3. L. 13. To leave out " Seven,’' and insert

The Amendments following were severally proposed " One to be made to the Bill; viz. Pr. *L: 8. To leave out "at a public Meeting

Pr. 2. L. 3. After " Birch,' to insert " Bafnett:"" assembled."

L. 26. To leave out " Daniel," and insert And the said Amendments were, upon the Quell ion " Danvers:" severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And

L. 35. Before " Higgins," to insert " Richard:' the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Pr. 3. L. 18. To insert " Robert Matthews, oiErbi- RThat the Bill do pals: And that the Title "flock; " be, An Act for completing and finishing a new Church,

L. 23. To leave out " John"and insert and laying ouf and inclosing a Cemetery thereto, in the

" James: " Island of Portland.

Pr. 10. L. 7. To leave out " Bead's," and insert Ordered, That Mr. Ellis do carry the Bill to the " Neat Cattle: " - Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Pr. 13. L. 2i. After " any," to insert " of the Roads " hereby intended to be repaired, or any: "A Bill for imbanking and preserving certain Fen Lands Wdhn Pr. 15. L. n> To leave out " his or her," and insert and low Grounds called the lying and being in

" the:" the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, IVifcham, Ely,

Pr. 17. L. 26. To leave out " such," and insert " the Witchf Coveney, and in the d

" fame: " of Ely and County of and of with

Pr. 20. L.-36. To leave out the First "and," and Earith, in the County of was read a Second insert " or: " time.

Pr. 21. L. 8. To leave out the First "and," and RThat the Bill be committed to Lord insert "or:" Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Jeuviif, Mr. Mr. Clev’.and,

Pr. 3:. L. 27. To leave out the First "and," and Mr. Mr. More, Mr. Mr.

insert " or: " Mr. Hume, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. QI mins,

Pr. 48. L. 2. After " yearly," to insert " oftener." Mr. Northey, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Mr.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Levefott Mr. Colleton, Mr. Alexander, Mr

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And Mr. GoMr. Mr. Palmer, Mr. Mr. the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Sandys, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Prtclor, Mi*. Onslow, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Willey, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Cooke, Sir be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Cor del Mr. Foley, Mr. Martin, Mr. Vyner,

Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Pool, in the Mr. Calvert, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Hammond, Sir Mor-County of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the County of gan, Mr. Fel/oives, Mr. Bankcs, Mr. Gulf on. Sir John Denbigh-, and also the Road from Knockin, in the Hind Cotton, Mr. Rigby, Mr. De/aval, Mr. Popham,

County of Salop, to Llanrhaiaderin Mocknant, in the Mr. Nugent, Mr. La]cedes, Mr. Walter; and all the County of Denbigh. Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge,

Ordered, That Mr. Kviafton do carry the Bill to the tingdon, Norfolk, Lincoln, and Suffolk: And they are Lords, and desire their Concurrence. to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the

Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Burdett, Sir James Creed,

Sir Nicholas Bay ley, Mr. Kynafon, Mr. James Cohbrooke, The Earl of HiHfborough presented to the House, ac- Neinon Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Geo. Colebrooke, be added cording to Order, 'a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure, to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and pre- common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows,

'ierving certain Fen Lands in the lfie of Ely and County and common Grounds, in Newton, in the Panlh of of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the ten upon Dunfmore, in the County of Warwick: And the Ottze, and bounded on the South by the Hardlands of same was received; and read the First time.

Mepal, Witcham, Wentworth, Witchford, Ely, Downham, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second t;the.

and Littleport-, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs,

and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the A Bill to impower Judges of Courts of Record in Fineso*

Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, Cities and Towns Corporate to let Fines on Persons who J""" to fell certain Lands lying within' the Limits aforesaid, shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and commonly called InvestedLands; is committed. and shall neglect to attend, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.-The Earl of HiHfborough presented to the House, accord- Resolved, That the Bill be committed t a Committee

tng to Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and ren- of the whole House.

' dering more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the Road from Leicester to Natborough, and from Leicester House, upon the said Bill, to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge; and from Sir William Beauchamp presented to the House, Wappin;

Warwick to Stratford upon Avon-, and from Coventry to according to Order, a Bill for regulating the nightly blrcti-'Martyn's Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and Watch and Beadles, and better enlightening and cleansing for supplying an Omission in an Act passed in the lait Sel- the Streets, and other Places and PalTtges, and repairing fion of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicesterthe Highways, within the Parishes of St. George, St. John to Ashby de la /.ouch, in the County of Leicester, lo tar as Wapping, and the Hamlet o( Ratc/iffe,

the same relates to that Part of the said Road which leads in the County of A and the Precinct of Well

from the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, Close, in the Royalty of the Lower of London: And thi to the Town of Nuneaton, and from thence through the same was received ;and read the First time.

Parishes of Chi/vers, Cotton, and Bedworth, to Bishop's Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Gate, in the City of Coventry:And the same was received; and read the- First time. Mr. presented to the I Ionfe, according to Or-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. der, a Bill for extending the Act of the 22d Year of his septic-

present b>S«-

Sheppards

Shord

Roads.

Supplying Marintrs and Seamen.

Appointing Cor lta bits . in Westminster, &c.

Broad head's Leafing.

, Lir.en

MafuUclure.

29 Geo. II. ii° — ri:

present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces, by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Garth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highway' between Sheppards Shordand the Devises-, and from Stert Stoue, in the Parish of Vrjhfonl ,to Rozvd Ford, in the county of ; and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways; and for repairing and widening ti e Roa^J from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bilh-with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments vwere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Stamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Weflniinfler, and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nui-tances within the said City and Libeny.

Ancf then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 1 2° die Mart it;

Anno 29* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756. Prayers.

MR. Cocks reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable ‘Theodore Henry Broadhead, an Infant, to make Leases of the Estates given and devised to him by the Will of his Uncle Henry Broadhead Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Citizens, Merchants, and others, Dealers in the Linen Manufactory, in and about the City of Carlyle in Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; mentioning several ill Gonsequences with which the Bill, depending in the House, for granting a Bounty on certain Species of tish&n$ Irish Linens exported, and talcing off the Duties Vox. 27.

,° Martii. 513

on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarn imported, will be attended, Ihoald the same pals into a law: And express-ing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law; and that the House will lay on the Duties on foreign Yarn which have been by a late Act taken off, and allow a Bounty on e Linen.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing Fields, in the County of Rutland; and for settling a Stipend on the ’ Rector, in lieu of Glebe and Tythes; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cartwright, Mr. More, Mr. KyMr. Mr.

Lyfler, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Protvfe, Mr. Lord,

Mr. Hume, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hunter, Mr.

Mr. Up by, Mr. Northey, Mr. Tozvnj/ur.J, Sir John Crtffe,

Mr. Aledlycott, Mr. Earle, Mr. Affleck, Sir Cordel Fire-

brace, Mr. Sloper, S.r Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Paimer, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Amcolts, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Moore, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Thomas * binfon, Lord Egmont, Mr. Mr. Cocks, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. fViikinson, M.. Townshend, Mr.

Air. Pitt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Nugent, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Sir Charles Ver-

non, Mr Amy and, Mr. Cun/iJ}e, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lafcelies, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Geo. Da/flon, Mr.

Sir Lionel Pilkington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Northampton, Rutland, Huntingdon, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bili for the better supplying the City of Edinburgh with treili and wholesome Water, was mad a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alexander, Mr. More, Mr. MedlycMr. Earle, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Mr. Vyner, Mr. Cope, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Lockyer, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mr. Coven-

try, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bayntun Mr.

hagh, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Barbor, Sir Thomas Bobin-son, Mr. Mabhot, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Geo. Colebrooke, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Thurjby, Lord Strange, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Fannereau, Mr. Garth, Mr. Mr.

Mr. IVaipo/e, Mr. Vernon-, and all the Members who

lerve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, ’

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of Thomas Salusbury Esquire, de-ceaicQ.

An ingrafted Bill for inclefing and dividing the common Fields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manors and Parish of Sew, in the County of Warwick, and County of the City of,

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manors and Parish of Sow, in the County of Warwick, and County of the City of

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bili from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate oi Thomas Parson Gentleman, and Honour his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for raiting Portions for younger Children; and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Pure hate of other Land",

6 P to

Tin well Inclosure.

Supplying Eil i" !nir<; h City with Water.

Liverpool

Wiit.

Sow

Inclosure.

Pat fin’s Eilat;.

ci4 12° Mar Hi. . 1756

to be settled to the Uses of their Marriage Settlement* was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Red Hoofe a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Roach Two several Acts passed in the Fourteenth Year of his

? relent Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a 'lace called the Red Hous, near to,

and through the (kid Town of r, by

High Town, and Lightcliff, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of Turk; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to and

from thence to a Place called , in the Township of Henfall; and from Pontefract to Went bridge, in the Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lionel PilkingtoH, Mr. O/mius, Lord Strange, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Digby, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Sir Charles

Mr. Rankes, Mr. FeJlowes, Mr. Affleck, Sir Robert Hild-yard, Mr. Townfkend, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gore, Mr. On-flow, Mr. Gulfion, Mr. Lifier, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Powell, Mr.

Mr. Ellis, Mr. harbor, Mr. Mr. Trifi, Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Symmons, Mr. Sir Charles Vernon,

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Popkam Sir Robert Long, Sir Armine

Wodehouse, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hamilton, Colonel Lee, Mr. Bayntun, Sir fames Creed, Mr. Mar ton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Fonnereau, Admiral Rofcawen, Mr. Grof-venor. Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Pelham, Sir John Turner, Sir Wm. Beauchamp PtoBor, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Eger ton, Sir Roger Newdigate-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rapcr’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EAate*. for veiling the Estate of Trevor Charles Roper and Henry Roper, who are both Infants, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase-money for discharging Incumbrances aflefting the same under the Directions of the Court of Chancery , was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Onslow, Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaflott, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fellowes, Sir James Creed, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Mr. Gulf ton, Mr. More, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Shelley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Trift, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Medlycoit, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Cope, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Egerton, Mr. -hagh. Lord Roy ft on, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Foley, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. , Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Henry Pelham, Mr. Freeman, Mr. James Sir

John Turner, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Nieholfon Calvert, Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Earle, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Willy, Mr. LafeeUes, Mr. Cocks, Lord Egmont, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Townfkend, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Cocke, Mr. Trevanion, Colonel Lee, Mr. Ameotts, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Powell, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Francis Dajkwood, Mr. Harvey, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surrey, and Sufj'ex, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Earl An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Burlington for making the Exemplification of the last Will of the *0<Wurk'* r'S^t honourable Richard late Eail of Burlington and 1 ’ Cork, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys, Mr. Yorke, Sir Lionel Pi/kington, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Cope, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Colleton Lord Strange, Mr. Trifi, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Garth, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Hild-yard, Mr. Northey, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Hume, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Henry Pelham, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. James

Buller, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Nieholfon Calvert, Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Earle, Mr. Willey, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sir Wm. Beau-

champ ProBor, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Budgen, General Onslow, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Digby, Sir James Creed, Mr. Belckier, Mr. Lane and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for changing andalteringTwo several Roads directed to be amended and widened by an Act, made in the 27°th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for changing and altering Two several Roads directed to be amended and widened by an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Vice Admiral Bofcawen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Robert Ladbrooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and also the Petition of divers Merchants, Tradesmen, Citizens, and inhabitants, of the City of London, and Borough of SoutInvark; and of the several Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sussex; and also the Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants, of the Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, of the River Thames-, were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions* and had directed him to report the tame, as they appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee upon the said Two full-mentioned Petitions, to the House* and lie read the Repoit in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Beefant, being examined, said. That he is acquainted with the City of London: That there is but One Passage into the same over the River and

that is over London Bridge-, and that there is a very great Resort to the said City.

And, being asked the Question, said. That he could get with a Carriage over Westminster Bridge into the City, but it is round about.

And, being asked if there are Two Bridges, said. Yes, London and Westminster Bridges.

And being asked, Whether Westminster Bridge was not a Passage into the City? laid, He did not know* but that if he was to come from Lambeth to Fleet Ditch, should come over Westminster Bridge* but that there is no more than One direct Passage that leads into the City of London.

And being acted the Question, said. That the nearest Way from the Western Parts of Surrey to London is over Westminster Bridge-, but that he should not go over minster Bridge to every Part of the City:

And that he has been Collector of the Land Tax for Castlebaynard Ward Twenty-seven Years — That they were formerly charged |tns; but now they are charged to the Extent of the |tack Rents, and that there is many empty Houses: That the Charge of Parsonalty to the

Land

Truro

Roods.

Blackfrirrs

Bridge.

29 Geo. II. i va Martii.

5i5

Lind Tax was formerly Nine Shillings, but that some Gentlemen now pay Forty Shillings, and the empty Houses are half taxed to raile their Quota j and that the Tax in genera] is very grievous and burthen some — That when he came first to be Collector in the Year 1729, he found the Houses taxed at about |ths, and the empty Houses not taxed at all, and the Tax on the personal lillate very low — That the Fall of Rents in PauPs Church Yard

has been l'o great, that they are fallen from £.60 to £.30, and that the Rents in general are fallen One Third Part.

And being asked. Whether the Houses were taxed to the Extent of the Rack Rents in the Year 1729? he said, They were not, but far from it; and the Tax on the personal Estate has been increased more than Four times, near Five times, as much, since that time:

And that there is 49 Houses in the upper Division, and full 70 in the lower Division, that are empty — That they are almost all charged Half Tax, except some Houses that have been empty for Six or Seven Years, which are excused; but that when those Houses come to be let, they charge them to the Land Tax during the time they have beern empty; but that if the Tenants are very poor, they let them off for Half the Tax.

And being asked the Question, said. That if a Bridge was built at or near Black Friarit would tend to encourage the building of better Houses in that Neighbour-hood-^-That he is acquainted with several Landlords who would pulldown the old Houl'es, and build handsome new ones — That if there were Houses of One hundred Pounds a Year, and upwards, they would let more readily; and that he has loll several Tenants, because he had not handsome Houses to accommodate them with; and that a great many Merchants live in the Out-parts, who would live in the City if they could get good Houses, and who went out of the City with regret on that account.

And being asked. How much Cajllebaynard Ward pays to the Land Tax ? said. That, when it is at 41. in the Pound, it pays £. 3,918, or thereabouts, and that there is about 700 Houses in that Ward. v

And being asked the Question, said, Thai he believes that the personal Estate pays more to the Land Tax in Cujllcbaynard Ward than it does in Coleman Street Ward, but that he did not know what Proportion the personal Estate pays in Coleman Street Ward; and that he believed the Liberties of the Fleet extend up one Side of Fleet Ditch towards the Market, one Side of and

some Part of the Old Bailey.

And being asked. Whether that Street leading to the Bridge would interfere with the Liberties of the Fleet ? said. He thinks that Part of the Street that begins at the Rainbow Coffee House, and goes up to would

interfere:

And that if the Bridge was built, the Buildings and Ground on the Surrey Side would be cheaper; and that they could build as much for 80 out of the City as they could for £. in the City.

And being asked, If the Bridge was huii t, whether Merchants would not reside on the Surrey Side rather than in the City? said. He did not believe they would.

And that he has heard Traders and Manufacturers cannot employ any but Freemen; and that he knows by Experience, that Freemen will not work so cheap as Foreigners.

And being afktd the Question, said. That it would not be any Objection to him to live in the Liberties of gate, Bridewell, and Newgate-, and that he believes being called upon the Livery, and taking up the Freedom, might deter People from living in the City: That there is more Taxes in the City than there is out of it.

And being aiked. If a new Bridge was built, whether People, to avoid Corporation Taxes, would not chule to live on the South Side rather than on the North Side of the new intended Bridge? said. He did not know: That he did not believe Rents fall in the same Proportion near London Bridge as they do at the Place where the new intended Bridge is to be built; but that, notwithstanding all these Inconveniencies, believes Merchants and Traders

Vox.. 27.

would rather chuse to live in the Heart of the City, than out of it — That he takes , the Poultry, and

Cernhili, to be the Heart of the City.

And being asked, Whether there are many empty Houses in those Places? said, He believed not many; and that Trade cannot be carried on at the same Expence on the South Side of the intended Bridge as it can be on the North Side.

And being asked, Where the Manufactures, that are now vended in the City, are carried on? said, He did not know; but that the Generality of Dyers and Tanners carry on their Manufactures on the other Side of the River, which subjects them to the Charge of Cartage and Portage: That the Generality of Brewers are out of the City — -There are a few in the City — That he never looked on the City to be a Place of Manufacture, but for buying and selling.

And that, if a new Bridge was to be built, they had great Hopes it would lower the Land Tax Rates charged on the City, as good Houses would be built in the Neighbourhood of the Bridge, and the old ones pulled down.

And being asked, If a new Bridge was built, would not a great Part of the Work carried on in ihe C.iy: e carried on on the other Side of the Water? laid. believes there would not.

And being asked. Whether bu'ldi g a Quantity of Houses on the other Side of the Rivet . ot ’d lower or raise the Land Tax Rates now charged on the Ci > said. That if they were to bu.ld grand Houses, it would ..art the City: but that if they were to build pcor Houses, it would not, but rather make the better for it; and that he believes many Trades are carried on in the City, where there is not convenient Room; and That he believes People might be tempted to go on the other Side of the Water, where there is Room.

And being asked, Whether building this new Bridge would carry more Manufacturers out of the City ? laid. He believed they were all gone before — That there are not so many Cabinet-makers in Ward now

as there was formerly, because the Freemen plagued them lo. and owing to the Cheapnels of Wages out of the

Cit}'.

Mr. Jenour Swaine, being examined, said, That he lives in Newgate Street, and has been a Commissioner of the Land 'l ax for the Ward of Farringdon Within for several Years and has had the lofpection of those Accounts as Chairman till lately; and that the Houses are charged to the Land Tax to the Extent of the Rack Rents; and that Rents are fallen within these Twenty Years; and they are favoured £. 1,000 and upwards, in proportion to a Four Shillings Aid; and that the Charge upon the personal Estate has increased, since 1729, from .^th to ^th, or near |th.

And that in the Year 1753a Rc-assessment t,iOo, in 1746 and 1747 a Re-assessment of £. i,coo and odd, were made; thele Two Assessments, being added together, and the Surplus added to that, make £.3,100, and that the Rents are fallen since 1734 near One Third , and that if a new Bridge was built, better Houses would be built in his Ward.

And being asked, If a Bridge was to be built, whether the Vicinity uf the FleetLud Newgate, at.d zveli, would not be an Objection to ti e building better Houses ? said. In some Parts it might, and in lomp Parts it might not.

And being asked the Question, said, He did dot apprehend it would mcrease the Number of Public Houses in that Neighbourhood, but rather tend to duninish them; and that the Rents are fallen for want ot Trade, which a new Bridge would remedy, because it would open a Communication into the principal Part of the City:

And that the building of a new Bridge might be a Prejudice to some particular Persons, ljut does not think it would hurt People in general.

Mr. Robertson, Mailer of the royal Academy at the Dock Yard at Portsmouth , and Member of the Royal Society,

being

Blackfriar*

Blackfriirt

Bridge.'

ci 6 12° Mart ’ 175

being examined, said, That he did not apprehend the building of a Bridge from Friars to the opposite Shore would affect the Tides, because there is a certain Quantity of Water poured into the River at every Tide, occasioned by the Water accumulating at the Mouth of the River, according to the Moon’s Age; and that the Bank of the River confining the Water f > poured in, will run up the River in proportion as the River is narrowed; and that the Tide can rife no higher t:h the Water becomes on a Level with the Water at the Mouth of the River, which occasions the Water to run; and that the High Water Mark muftbe relative to the Moon’s Age; and that if any Obstacle is placed in the River, the Water will not rife any higher than it would if that Obstacle was away, so that the High Water Mark will not be altered; and that he does not think it will any-ways prejudice the Western Navigation.

And being asked the Question, said, He did not apprehend the building of a new Bridge wou'd tend to increate the Sand Banks or Shoals in the River; and that he apprehends the building of B.idgcs is of Use and Utility to Trade and Commerce.

And bung allied, Whether Westminster had any

bad Effect on the Navgation ? laid. None at all, only that the Tide is a little longer flawing up; and that if a new Bridge is buiit as wed as tVeJh Bridge, it will make no Difference.

And being asked the Question, said. Tint Barges going into Queen Hithe, when the Wind bows fre111 it the Welt, will be aolc to make a lair Lock, s ih y a.-l have Twelve Barge Lengths to turn in; and mat he apprehends Boats can go up the River as high as they do now, bur not in the same time, and that it will be but very little Prejudice to the Navigation; and that lie docs not believe the Tides will fall short above Half a Mile at the utmost, on account of the new Bridge; and that he does not think in general it will beany Prejudice to the Navigation; and that Barges and Craft will come down quicker — That what they loft in going up they will get in coming down.

Mr. John Girl, Surgeon, being examined, laid, In the Couricuf his Practice lie has met with Accidents of People being wounded by Cattle; and that many of those Accidents have happened in the Streets of the City of London, the Borough of Southwark, and on London Bridge.

Mr. Edward Nourse, Surgeon, confirmed the Evidence

of Mr. Gir/.

Mr. James Id'igley, being examined, said, He has been

Aflefibr and Collector of the Land Tax for the Ward of FarringdonIVithont for feme Years: That the Houses are taxed to the Extent of the Rack Rents, and that there are many empty Houses in that Ward: That the Rents for thele Twelve Years pad have fallen £.2goo; in fume Places a Third, feme an Half, but, upon the Whole, about One Fourth; and that the Charge on the personal Estate has increufed Four or Five times as much as it was Twelve Years ago, and that the empty Housesare Half taxed:

And that within these Nine Years Re-assessments have been made to the Amount of ,£.2,300 for the Parish of Saint Brides only:

And that in the PrecinA of the there is Three Lanes which contain about 50 Houses in each, which did not last Year produce Nine Pounds to the Land Tax, and that they arc a Nursery for Thieves, and People of ill Fame:

And that in his Opinion, if a Bridge was to be built at Black Friars, there would be better Tfoufes built there; and that there is a great Want of good Houses in that Neighbourhood, for (ubftantial Inhabitants-

Mr. IV'tlHam Pamptin, Col'edlor of the 'Polls of Smith-

field Market, being examined, said, That lie had taken an Account of the Number of Sheep, Lamb?, and Beads, drove from the Southern Counties, over to Sinith.field Market — That in the Year last part, from January 1755 to 1756, there was near 140,006 Sheep and Lambs, and near n,oco Beasts; and that in the Year 1750 there was 153,000 Sheep and Lambs, and 9,500 Beasts; and that great Numbers that arc not fold

*7

are drove back over London Bridge to and

other Places in the County of Surrey, and many of those that are fold are drove there by the Butchers to Pasture till they are wanted for Slaughter: That the Cattle go over London Bridge to Market early in the Morning — That, according to the Order of the Market, they are not to be there before Two of the Clock in the Morning, but that they come there at Five or Six of the Clock in the Morning, and that they return over the Bridge from Market in the Middle of the Day:

And that he has known Cattle brought into the Market before Eleven of the Clock at Night; if a full Market, they drain the Order — That the City Marshal takes care they do not bring them there before Eleven of the Clock, and after that time he gives himself no further Trouble.

Mr. /fra IVit dm an, being examined, said, That he is aSaletman of Sheep, and has used S wit/field Market these 19 Years — Th.it above too Beasts, and about 2,000 Streep and Lambs, go back weekly from Market over London Bridge — That they are drove from Six of the Clock in the Morning till Fouror Five in the Afternoon:

And that Cattle coming from the Southern Counties in at Newington and Camberwe before they come to

Market; and that if a new Bridge was to be built at Black Friars, it would make the Passage much fliorterand more iafe than the Passage over London Bridgei

And that the Cattle puffing through the Streets of the City of London is a great Obstruction; and that if a new Bridge was to be built, it would case (he Streets of the City of London of this great Obstruction.

And being asked the Question, said, fie had known Cattle come into Smithfield Market at all times, on a Sunday by 11 or 12 o’Clock; but that they have met with some Obstruction from the City Marshal.

Part of an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his present MajuPcy, was read; whereby it appeared, that £.2038,065. 11 s. 5d. is charged on the whole united Kingdom to the Land Tax, and /. 123.399. 6s. 'jd. was the Quota charged on the City of London.

Mr. La line dot Dowbiggen^ Builder and Surveyor, being examined, laid, That he had measured the Distance from Newington, over London Bridge, to Smithfield Market, and overtne intended Bridge to Smithfield Market: That from Newington, over London Bridge, v to SmitIf eld Market, is Two Miles and an f lalf; and over the new intended Bridge to Smithfield Market is One Mile and an Half, within a fav Yards, and that there is about Half a Mile unbuilt each Way — That there is about One Mile built more one Way than the other, it being One Mile further about; and that there is a great Number of Streets leading from the new intended. Bridge to Smithfield Market; and that if the new Bridge was to be built, it would be of great Utility; and that the Houses in the Neighbourhood of the intended Bridge are inhabited by very mean People, and that the building the new Bridge would occasionthe building of better Houses for the Accommodation of the better Sort of People — That the Houses and Ground included is not worth Five Years Purchase; and that he had bored the River in Eight or Nine Places, and, as near as he could, at such Distance from one another as he supposed the Piers of the intended Bridge would (land, and that, in those Borings, he found it to be a very hard gravelly Bottom: That he bored it in the Channel Seven Foot Three Inches deep; and that he had measured the Breadth of the River, and found it to be 1,009 Feet wide — That he thinks the Length oAVefimhfier Bridge is about 1,183 and that he had made an Estimate of build-

ing a Stone Bridge at the Place proposed, in the same manner as IVfunifier Bridge, and that it would coil about £. 140,000 — That lie had made that Calculation in the manner he would undertake to build it for, and give Sccu'.ity for the Performance of the Contraft.

And being asked the Question, said, He should chtife to employ but as few Citizens as possible — That there is not a sufficient Number of Citizens, and that they are not quite so expert as he could wish; and that he should not employ Citizens in building of Bridges: That they are not used to that Sort of Work; and that he should n t

think

29 Geo. II. 12° Martii. 517

think himflf obliged to employ Freemen on the River — Thai Citizens w;il not work so cheap as Foreigners.

And being a Heed, Whether, on great Occasions, the Court of’Aldermen did not give Leave to Foreigners to work there? (kid. He had made Application to the Court of Aldermen lor foreigners to woik in the City, and that he had obtained Leave to employ Foreigners; blit that, before he could employ a Foreigner, has been obliged to ivveir that he wanted Freemen, and could not get them:

And that he proofed to have 11 Piers, exclusive of the Two Abutments to the new intended Bridge — That he bored the River on the London Side 19 Foot deep, and in the Bed of the Fiver from Seven Foot Three to Seven Foot Six: That the Instrument he bored it with was like a Gimblet, and had a Scoop to hold the Faith, in order to pull it up, ro fee what it was; and that he fropoiod to make the Center Arch about 34 Foot and an Half high above the High Water Maik; and that the Length of the intended Bridge, from cnc extreme Abutment to the other,^including both, is to be 1,089 Feet; and that the Rile, from the Foot of the Bridge to the Center, is to be 18 Fee:: end that he proposed building it as strong as Ilk t! mi, if ter Bridge.

Mr. diaries Sioane, Ming examined, said. That he was present vvi.cn the Middle ot’ the River was bored, and that tIky hoied it Six Feet from the Surface of the Bed, and found it very good and gravelly, and capable of bearing any Weipht; and that he is of Opinion the River, Bed, and Borders round about, is chu-fL Gravel.

And being asked the (due iii on, bid, I 'hat he had made a Caioul itioi: ci building a Stone Bodge arrob the River at hitU'k 1' i\d rs to the opposite Shore: That, according to that Calculation, it would coll /.K|G,cco.: That he allowed £.137,263. 2s. 67. to build it; and, for Idler Particulars ami Contingencies, he allowed/]. 2,736, 175. 67, which Sim:, he is oi* C o\» aam. would build a srood

. 5 o

strong Stone Bridge of Potland, Purbeck, or Kentish Rag Stone:

And that the building of a Bridge at Black Friars, to the eppohte Shore, would be of great Utility — That it would tend to increase the Value of Rents in that Neighbourhood; and that the Iloules in the Neighbourhood oi both Sides the intended Bridge, as he observed, is very bad:

That he did not measure the Width of the River himself; but that from one Abutment to the other is 1,053 Feet, and the extreme Width from Out to Out is 54 Feet: That Seven beet on each Side is to be left for Passengers, and that no Feet is to be the clear Width; and that the large Arch ;s to be fern i circular, 50 Feet high; and that he begins to spring his Arch about One Foot below Low Whiter Mark; And that he proposed to carry Im Fouiuiatfon about Four Feet lovv in the Ground: That the Hiivienfuvns of the Pier is to be a Fifth Part of the Dimcniions of the Arches, and the Foundation is to be Five Feet wider and longer; and that he thinks it might be completed in about Eight Years, and not impede the Navigation of the River,

Mr. Edward Bowman, an Engine-maker and Smith, being examined, laid. That he helped to make the Kit for boring the River at Black Friars: That the Bit was as complete as it could be for one of that Size: That he could have made it larger: And that he \v;u piefeut when the River was bored: -Ihat it was bored m Nine or Teu different Places; and that the Bit was of such Temper, as to (land? such Work — That they bored the River in fume Places 10 Foot, and 10 hoot and an Half deep; and in other Pieces I ored it till the Kit would go no further — Flint he waspresent when the Abutments on each side were bored, and that they found the Foundation of the Abutments was as good as any Parts tncy bored in, it was very upod Prong Gravel.

MrMiddlemagh, a Lighterma (a;u, That he is acquainted with the Ihver Thames: That lie apprehended Bridge at aoh Friars like IVrjr.Frji

\ UL. 2 " -

u, being examined. Navigation of the 1 he erecting a new L rid re would be

but very little Obstruction to Navigation, as the Flood BndMiars and Ebb run ft:ait opposite B/ack Friars. B-dgf.

And being aiked the Question, fliid. He did not apprehend, West Country Barges would meet with any Obstruction at the Bridge when it was built: That it would not incommode their PalFage into and out of Queen Ilith — That they might get in at Half the Distance; and that he apprehends there is Space enough between the intended Bridge and Queen Hith, in still Weather, for West Country Barges to right themselves without any Difficulty —

That the Tide runs as strait at Black Friars as it does at any Part of the River he knows of.

And being asked, Whether the building a Bridge would incrcaie the Sand Bank at Sazv Mill Point ? said,

He did not chink it would; and that he did not apprehend it would impede the Navigation of the River when it was built, but that it might impede it a little before it was built — That West Country Barges navigating to and ’

from Queen Hith might meet with some Obstruction while the Bridge was building, buf that they might come through with Safety if they take Care — That it would be more hazardous at Night — That he does not apprehend there would be any greater Difficulty while this Bridge was building, than there was whih Westminster Bridge was building.

And being asked, Whether the Sand Bank has not increased since the building Westminster Bridge ? said. It may be increased by counter Tides, but not by the Bridge; and that the Watermen will be the only Sufferers, and does not think it would be prudent to bind so many Apprentices as they do now — That the Nursery is . much lessened by the building Westminster Bridge, and that the Sunday Ferries will be ruined if this Bridge is built: That he believes there are 1,500 Watermen now in the Service of the Royal Navy — That if this Nursery is taken away, he does not know of any other where a Demand for 500 Men could be completed — That the building the intended Bridge will lessen the Number of

D O

Watermen more than building Wftminster Bridge, as it will be in the Heart of the City.

Mr. Henry Smith, a Lighterman, being examined, said,

That the erecting a new Bridge at or near Fleet Ditch, on t lie same Plan as Westminster Bridge, would not obstruct the Navigation when it was built — That he did not apprehend West Country Barges would receive any Prejudice by the erecting a new Bridge, because when they come out of the Welt Country with a fair Wind, and Sails set, before they come to Black Friars they lower their Sails, and clap their Helm a (larboard, and that throws the Head of the Barge within the Length of Pole Ground — That if the Wind was foul, they would not suffer any Inconvenience, provided they have Pole Ground — -That they feidom come down till the Tide is pretty near Three Parts Ebb; and that as soon as the Tide flows, they let off to go Westward; and that the Barges he is uled to navigate would not suffer any Inconvenience by a new Bridge, Tide Flood or Ebb, if they were navigated by a skilful Man.

And being asked the Question, said, He apprehended Barges might meet with same Difficulty, but not much, while the Bridge was building — That he did not apprehend the building a new Bridge would occasion any Swell to signify, not more than Westminster Bridge does — That they would not lose any Length of Pole Ground — That it would shorten the Current of the Tide but a very Trifle, and that a Spring Tide would go up as far as it does now within Half a Quarter of a Mile; and that he does not apprehend the building a new Bridge would increase the Sand Bank at Saw Mill Point.

To prove the Allegations of the third-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Staples, Lighterman, being examined, said.

That the Construction of a new Bridge from Black Friars to the opposite Shore will be a g.cat Obstruction to the Navigation of the River Thames — That loaded Hoys coming up at the "Fop of the Fined, which they generally

6 Q do,

518 12° Ma. A. 17 56.

Blsckfriars do, and bound to Milford , Durham Yard, and the Bridge. te/eral Wharfs between Bridge and the in-

tended Bridge, will meet with an Obstruction, and lose their Tides — That they mufti be obliged to lower their Marts and their Top Hamper, the Wind to the West or to the Northward of the West, and all the Points will have greater Power — That they cannot get through — That they lose Time by lowering their Malls, will lose that Tide; and that if that Tide happens to be the Top of the Spring Tide, which often is the Cafe, the whole Spring Tide will be loft — -That they must wait till the next Spring Tide, before they can get at the Wharf; and that when they are empty, and the Wind to the Westward, they are accustomed to run down to London Bridge, to go through at High Water Slack: Suppoting a Bridge is built at Black Friars, they can go no further than that Bridge, and there wait till the Tide of Ebb comes, in order to bring them down to London Bridge — That the Tide will have tell so low in many Tides, that they won’t attempt to come through at that Ebb at all, for fear of getting upon the Sterlings, but will wait till high Water Slack, which is what they do nenv, when the Wind is at East — That when the Wind is at East, these Sailing Craft will not be able to come through at the Ebb Tide — That the Velocity will not be increased in proportion to the Obstruction they will meet with; with the Wind at East, they will not get through at all — That the West Country Barges, that lie from Paul's Trig Stairs,

and Queen Hith, when the Flood is made, at about One-

third Flood they will not go through the Bridg> — That it will be importable to have them under their Command to make the Locks — That the long empty Barges, whole Length exceeds the Breadth of the Locks, with a Ircfh Breeze of Wind at East, will not be able to get through at all.

And being asked the Question, said. That Bridge has been construded since he worked — That lie thinks People must have been affected by it; and that he has no doubt but that Gardeners Boats, and other Craft, have been obliged to stop at Bridge by contrary' Winds — That the Sand Bank at Saw Point has been continually iricreasing since the Building of mhfier Bridge — -That the great Quantities of Sand made use of in the Metropolis wafties down the Sewers, and is carried about at the Bottom of the Thames, and lodges at all Points:

And that if a Bridge is built, a Barge loaded with Deal, when the Wind blows fresh at South South West, cannot conveniently come to her Moorings on the Surrey Side, as the Wind will be more powerful in the Locks than it will above or below' it, occasioned by the Abutments confining the Wind.

Mr. George LudlozvLighterman, being examined, said.

That he has been used to the Navigation of the Iliver Thames 52 Years; and that if a Bridge is erected at Black Friars, it will have a very bad Effeift on the Navigation — That London Reach, where the Bridge is to be built, is deeper Water by Four Feet than it is at Westminster Bridge — That the Stream is more rapid at Black Friars than it is at Westminster Bridge — That the Reach lies

due West from the Savoy to London Bridge, and the Rapidity of the Title being so very great in that Reach, and the Wind blowing hard at West, makes a very deep Sea there — That there is the greatest Sea between the Yard and Sent erf ’tIloife, with the Tide a* Flood — That,

in the Coal Trade, it is impossible Lighters can come up against the Wind; That, in the Coal Craft, they load very deep — That the Men could not (land at their Oars to row — That they have been obliged to call out for Help; and the Sea has been so great, that they have funk, and turned Bottom upwards.

And he further informed your Committee, That the Passage of the new Bridge will be more dangerous than that of Westminster Bridge; and that it is with great Difficulty that Craft go through Bridge, when

the Wind blows strong at South, and Tide oFFlood; and that it is importable for them to get through when the J9

Wind is at South, and the Tide of Flood; and that both these Inconveniences will be much greater by the Erection of the intended Bridge; and that it will be impossible for West Country Barges leaving Queen and the Wind blowing fresh at West, to make a fair Ixick in the new Bridge — That he has seen a Barge fall athwart One of the Piers, and break in Two Pieces, Onc-half go through one Arch, and the other Part through the other; and that if the new Bridge is erected, it will be very difficult for Barges to come to their Moorings at Queen

And being asked the Question, said. That lie believed Westminster Bridge has not had any great Effedb in the Flowing of the Tides; but that the new Bridge will have much more, because he is informed there is f.o be but Eleven Arches, and, in course, the Pier Heads must be larger, which muftcaulea greater Swell there:

And that the building a Bridge, and the Wind West, it will enhance the Sea between that and the —

That the Wind goes so powerfully through the Archer, that Craft cannot get through, unlessa very strong Tide; and then if it is a strongTide, the Sea will be the great ei, and no Man of Knowledge would attempt to put a Craft into the Lock:

And that Barges go from Queen Hith to the Westward at all Times of the Tide; it they can get their Loading in before Flood, they then proceed — That if the Wind blows very little, they will get a great Way; if it blows hard, will get a very little Way — That if the Bridge is built they will have Pule Ground in the Beginning of a Tide.

And being asked, Whether the Barges would have Pole Ground at Half Tide? said. They would not: That Barges generally go out lighter than they come in; and, by their being so much higher out of the Water, they will loie the Pole Ground; and that a West Country Barge, with a middling Wind and a good Spring Tide, will go as tar as Mori lake:

And that the Water is Four Foot deeper at the Place where the intended Bridge is to be built, than it is at Westminster Bridge — That from Bridge to the

intended Bridge, is near a Mile and an Half, and the Water comes round with an Elbow, London Reach lying East and West, this North and South — That the Water is obstructed in coming round every crooked Part of the River, and has not that free Paffiigc that it would have, if the River was straight — That every Mile and an Half from Westminster Bridge Westward, the Tide goes still weaker and weaker:

And that if the Bridge is built, they will not be able to work Cras t 1b cheap, nor with to few Hands, as they do now, and the Navigation will not be so late; and that West Country Barges will not be able to navigate as high in one Tide as they do now — That the building a new Bridge will make the Tide run thortcr than it does nowr.

And being atked, How far short the Tide will run, if the Bridge is built in the same manner as Westminster Bridge? laid, That if the Arches of the new intended Bridge is as wide as the Arches of Westminster Bridge, it will not occasion any Obstruiftion at all:

And that Barges are frequently obliged to wrait below London Bridge till the Tide comes Westward to bring them through — That they are obliged to flay at Westminster Bridge; and that it London Bridge was to be taken away, and a new Bridge erected between that and Wefi-minster Bridge, it will be impossible for Boats and Lighters to come, as they will not have any Water — That the Piles of Lon don Bridge keep the Water up; and he believes it would destroy the Navigation; and that on a Spring Tide the Sterlings keep the Water upon this Side: if London Bridge was away, the Tide would flow many Miles higher.

And being asked, Whether there would not be a longer Navigation downwards? said, That the Tide runs quicker down than it does up; and that it would destroy the Navigation; and that, in his Opinion, the Flood would not answer the Ebb; and that, on a high Spring Tide, the

Water

2p Geo. II. 12° Marliu515!

Water would not be contained within the Banks of the River* if London Bridge was taken away* and that the City of Westminster muH. b: overflowed.

And being afkecl, Whether the Tide flows shorter now than before Westminster Bridge was built i fa id. Not any thing at all to hgnify.

Mr* James Hook Lighterman, being examined, said, That he has been used to the Navigation of the River Thames 35 Years; and that if a Bridge is built at Black Friars to the opposite Shore, it will affect the Navigation with regard to West Country Barges; but that if it was built in the same manner as Westminster Bridge is, he does not imagine would affect them; only they must take a little more Care, and a little more time; and that West Country Bargemen can navigate through any Bridge without Pole Ground, let the Wind be which Way it will — That if the Barges lay without Side one another, they take a Pair of Oars at the Head of the Barge, in order to make a Tide to get out, if moderate Weather, and a Spring Tide; if (he lies under the Wharf a-ground, to take in their Goods, they can’t get away till Half Flood; then the Tide must run very hard at Queen Hith; lying so near the new Bridge, they may light of a Difficulty — That they must turn the Barge Stern-foremost through the Bridge, if they have no Pole Ground — That Three Men is sufficient to do that Work.

Mr. Thomas Szvahv Waterman and Lighterman, being examined, said, That if a new Bridge is erected at Black Friars, it would affect the Navigation of the River, and both large and {'mail Craft — That the Reach lies strait East and West, and the Tide runs stronger through the Arches, and would draw such a Draught of Wind, that empty Craft would lie athwart the Bridge, and not drive through, if the Wind blows hard at East — That Gardeners Boats cannot get through Westminster Bridge at all times when the YYind blows hard at North — That (lie Arches draw such a Draught of Wind, and the Tide runs so strong, that they might have got through, if the Bridge had not been there — That he has often been flopped himself, with Two able Men in the Beat, when the Wind blows hard at South — That he has rowed over to the JVefvninster Side, and has got through.

And being aiked the Question, said, He has seen Barges flick in the Middle of the Arches, and could neither get one Way nor the other, occasioned by the Tide and the Wind blowing hard at North — That the Tide is stronger in the Arches than any-where eife; and that all thete Obstructions will be increased by building the new intended Btidge.

Mr. John Green Waterman and Lighterman, being examined, said. That if a Bridge is built at Black Friars, irt will very much affect the Navigation — That when the Wind is at the West* and Tide of Flood, a greater Sea runs there; and, when it is drawn into a narrower Com-pais, the Sea would be bigger.

And bung aiked, Whether the Navigators of West Country Barges could get through any Bridge without Pole Ground? said, That if they ftav till Half Tide, and have not Pole Ground, it wall be importable to get through a Bridge built there — That all Barges, that take in Loading, lie next to the Wharf- — That they sometimes

u

come out ar high Water, to stay for the next Flood, but come out at Haif Tide — That if they come out at Half Tide without Pole Hold, it will be impossible for them to get through the Bridge — That this Bridge would, in particular, be inconvenient, in a dark Night — That, lb me time since, he was an Hour getting through Westminster Bridge; and that several Boats could not get through at ail, the Wind at South; and that it will be impossible for West Country Barges, leaving Queen Hith, to make a fair Lock in the new Bridge with the Wind at West — Thar they will come athwart One of the Piers, and fink; and that, if the Bridge is built, there will be a greater Swell of Water in London Reach; and that he can’t say the Flowing of the Tide has been greatly altered since the Building of Westminster Bridge.

Mr. Thomas Hunt/eyW atenvan and Lighterman, being VoL. 27.

Examined, said, That he is acquainted with the Navigation of West Country Barges; and that aWest Country Barge cannot, without great Difficulty; be navigated through any Bridge without Pole Ground — Thit the People employed in that Navigation are unhandy with their Oars, but very handy with their Poles; and that if a Bridge is built at Black Friars, they will have an Opportunity of using their Poles, if they go away at low Water, but not at high Water — And that loaded Barges always make Choice to go away from Queen Hith at low Water; but that thoy have it not always in their Power to go away at that time; but if they were to go away at Half Flood, with the Wind at West, they mightpoffibljgo through; but they are not sure, they have not tiitie to give their Barges Way^ and then the Rudder is of no Service to them.

Mr. John Middlemarsh, being further examined, said, That the building a new Bridge will decrease the Number of Watermen; and that the Watermen’s Company will not be able to furnish so many to the Royal Navy; and that he looks upon the Ferry at Black Friars to be the greatest Ferry upon the River, which will be destroyed, if the intended Bridge is built; and that, upon the whole, he docs not think it will prejudice the Navigation, but will hurt the Watermen.

Mr. Thomas Lee, being examined, said. That he has a Wharf that he lives upon, and am ploys a great Number of Craft, which he has occupied for near 20 Years — That the Ere ft ion of a new Bridge will be a great Obstruction, if not, at some*Se.\lons, intirely flop the Navigation of the River — That he never navigated any Craft of his own, or for any other Person; but that he has kept Craft and Servants for that Purpose these 20 Years.

Mr. Richard Edivards Gardener, being examined, said, That they carry their Garden Stuff to Market by Water — That, about 11 Years ago, he was going down with his Father’s Boat, with a North East Wind, and going through t lie Third Lock of Westminster Bridge from the Shore, received so much Water in, that he was obliged to make the first Shore he could after he got through; then it was too late for Market; and that the Goods lay till the next Market Day, which was a great Loss; and that this Accident happened at about Three Hours Ebb; That his Boat would not have been filled with Water, if West mi after Bridge had not been there — That the Bridge was not finished at that time.

Mr. James Baker Gardener, being examined, said, That Garden Stuff is carried to Market by Water; and that he has been stopt at Westminster Bridge, and loft his Market, two or three times, the la ft time 7 Years ago — That he should not have been stopt, if the Bridge had not been there — That when he got into’ the Bridge, the Boat was halffilled witlr Water; and that if a Bridge was to be built at Black Friars, it would be worse, becausehe can’t say whether he should be at Liberty to land on the upper Side.

Mr. Thomas Bond, a Gardener at Neat Hafts, fays, lie has loft his Market an Hour or Two by a Stop at Westminster Bridge.

Part of an Act, made in the nth and 12th Years of King William, was read; whereby it appeared, that several Sunday Ferries were estab’iflied, and the Monies ari-sing thereby were to be applied for the Relief of pooc Watermen and Lightermen, and their Widows and Children: And,

Part of an Act, made in the 4th Year of Queen Anne% was read; whereby it appeared, that the Lords of the Admiralty, upon an Emergency, always lent to the Watermen’s Company to fend a Number of Watermen to be employed on board the Royal Navy; and if any Watermen shall refuse to appear before the Rulers and Auditors of the said Company, they were to be liable to certain Penalties in the Act mentioned.

Mr. Joseph Jackson, being examined, said, That he did not apprehend the Navigation to Queen Hith would be obstructed by anew Bridge at Black Friars — That Jbc did

not

Clack friars filicide.

5 io i i°Mar tit. 1750.

B’arkfrhrs not find any Inconvenience from Wfhninster Bridge-^-That he heard of an Accident happening by a Pile under Water, while it was building — That he should not find any Inconvenience coming through Bridge from Queen Hith at Flood Tide — That they come away at the First of Flood, and have Plenty of Pole Ground all the Way to Westminster — That lie always (leers lv.s Barge himself.

And being aiked the Question, said, K a Bridge was built at Black Friars, they would not come out with a Barge at a Spring 'side and Half Flood, if the Wind blows strong at W eft, heraufc they commonly have a Sail — That he never went through London Bridge; and that he does not understand the Compass, or any Point of Wind.

' Mr. William Langley Lighterman, being examined,

said, That he has worked at that Business 28 Years — That he did not apprehend there would be any more Inconvenience to the Navigation trom the new-intended Bridge, than there is from Westminster Bridge — That he docs not know of any Obllruction from Westminster Bridge, in the Branch ot Business he occupies.

And beingaiked the Question, laid, The new intended Bridge could not be aseafily navigated with the Wind at Well, and Tide ot Flood, as Westminster Bridge is now.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Deputy fames Hodges, being examined, said, That lie is acquaintedwithic^/e;/ bridge — That it is a common Passage to the Southern Parts of England — That it is wide enough for Two Carriages, and no more, barely that — Tuat frequent Accidents happen for want of more Breadth; and believes that, in the lait Seven Years, Two People every Year Lave either been killed or carried away wounded.

Mr. George Dance Clerk of the City Works, being examined, laid, That he has very often surveyed London Bridge, and is acquainted with the State of the said Bridge — That he was directed to examine into the State of this Bridge by the Committee of Common Council,

who were appointed for the Construct ion of a new Bridge

from Black Friars to the opposite Shore, and to report his Opinion thereupon to the Committee; and that he was directed to consider what Alteration would be ne-ceffiry to be made to make it more lafe and commodious — That, in pursuance of these Directions, he surveyed it — That lie begun at the South Arch, and went round every Pier and Pile, and examined the Condition of them as carefully as possible — That the Foundation appeared to him to be late and lccure — That he could fee nothing but the external Piles that go round the Piers within the Sterlings — That they were found at Heart, only about One Inch of their Surface was decayed, which was owing to the Sap — That the Piles that arc under the Piers lie can only give an Account of them by ConjetftuTc; does imagine they are drove close together — That if the Piles he could not lee, from the Nature of the Bridge, were to give way, the Piers must necessarily shew it — T 1 at he apprehends there is one row of Plank laid on the Head of the Piles, about Inches thick, and another over that transverse; but he can’t be positive, because can fee the Ends of the Planks but in a few Places — "That the external Part of the Piers is formed of Kentish Alhlar Stone, in regular Courses, which lay very level, and appear to beyery found in every Ktfpcft — That the internal Part of the Piers is formed of Rubble, which is compokd of different Sorts of Stones put together with Cement — That it is very f>und — Tried with Crows and Pick-axes, and found it resist the Instruments; and that upon the whole, in his Opinion, the Outside and Inside of the Piers and Foundation is in a very good Condition, and capable ot Repair, and will last many Years.

4 And being aiked what he meant by many Yca»s ? he said, It will lt-md Ages, it kept in Repair; and that it is capable of bearing any Wright — That above the P ens, which are (olid 1 cn Foot born the Sterlings, there is a 'Building of the Laic Shape and Size, surrounded with a

Wall Three Feet thick, which forces for Cellarage — That th is Wall, in some Places, is (hook, but nor, as he apprehends, from any Detect in the Foundation, but from the Weight and Settlement of the Houses over them:

And that he thinks it very practicable to widen the Locks — That there is a Lock called the Drava Lock, over which there is a wooden Bridge — That he proposed to take the Pier away, and lay the Two Arches into One; then the Dimensions of tint Arch between Pier and Pier will be 72 Feet — That the Width of the Draw Lock between the Two Piers is 20 Feet 10 Inches.

And being asked, If he was to take the Drawbridge away, whether he must not turn One or more Arches'? said, If he did not take t he Pier away, Two Arch.cs must be turned; and that the Difference of the Expence would be no more than that of taking up the Pier.

And being aiked, By what means he proposed to make the Bridge safe and commodious ? said, He proposed to take down all the Houses, and make a Way for Carriages 33 Feet wide, and a Foot Wav on each Side of Six Feet wide, which will make it 45 Feet wide in the Clear: That he proposes to crown the Bottom with a Balustrade, in the same manner as Westminster Bridge: and that he apprehends, if the Houses were taken away, it would he as commodious as IVft min ft cr Bridge. — He believes London Bridge is wider; but he never measured it, takes it only fre in the Plan.

Then an Estimateof the Expence in making tire proposed Alteration of London Bridge, and a ScCtum or Elevation of the proposed Alteration, were produced to your Committee, which is hereunto annexed, Appendix N° I. and 2.

And being aiked, Whether he had made any Estimetc of the Expence of purchasing the Interest of the Tenants of Houses on London Bridge ? said, He had.

And being aiked, Whether he would contract, and give proper Security, according to that Eliimare, or that it should not come to £.5°° more ? said. He would not contract at all, by reason he had left offButinels: and that the repairing of the Bridge would not obstruift the Pail-age, because he should only pull down the Houses on one Side first, as low as the Brecemer, and leave that remaining Part as a Fence till the Work on that Side was completed; and that he proposed to carry the old Materials away in Lighters and Barges; by which means the Railage will be kept open.

Mr. John Dev all, a Mason, being examined, laid, That he had examined the State of London Bridge, and found it in general in very good Condition, and capable ot Repair; and confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Dance, as to the State of the Foundation of London Bridge; and added that if One great Arch was to be made, Navigation would be benefited — That he proposed to make a Circle Arch, which would not raise the Way.

And being aiked, Whether taking a Pier away would have any Effect on the Pen of the Water, and take more Water out of the River? said, it would; but that if the extreme Arches on each Side of the Bridge were (topped, it would keep an equal Quantity of Water in the River — That Flood (rates may be made to open with the Tide coming in; and, when the Tide returns, would stop ot themselves; and that those Flood Gates should be the Heighth of the Sterlings; but that it would be more

O O 7

convenient to stop them up with a solid Body.

Mr. Alexander Ronchcad, a Mason, being examined, said, He had surveyed London Bridge — That lie found it in a very strong and substantial Condition — The Pdes^ that he viewed were very found, except about an Inch of the Out-side, which wa> decayed, as lie apprehends, from the Sap — That the Stone Work in general is very Icveft and free from Settlements in the Piers only; and that it it was repiired in the manner proposed by Mr. Dance, it would be strong enough to carry a Balustrade. and will

O j # ,

last for Years, if they take care to repair the Sterlings; and tb it the Difference of the Expence of turning i wo Arches at the Draw Lock will be very little, except that of removing the Pier.

soGfe-O; It. 12° Mar ill. 521

Mr. Peter Collifon, being examined, said, That he is acquainted with London Bridge — 'That the Houses on the Bridge arc in a very (battered Condition, and, unless taken down, will soon fall; and that if the Houses are taken down, and the Passage is widened, it will be more commodious for all Passengers, and Stops lei's frequent — That he thinks, about the Year 1718, was told, if he would go down to the River, he might fee the Water all out — That he went down to the neared Wharf to the Bridge, and there had an Opportunity to lee the State of Uie Foundation of the Bridge: That it was upon large Piles, Which seemed to be 2 or 3 Feet Diameter, with their great Ends uppermod — That he could not perceive any Decay — That they appeared to be close together, and upon those were Timbers laid, and on them the first Foundation Stones; and that he believes the Turning of One large Arch at the Drawbridge would be a Benefit to the ‘Navigation; and that he does not apprehend the opening an Arch would raise the Tide above Bridge.

Mr. Deputy James Hodges, being further examined, laid, That if the Houses on London Bridge were taken down, it would save many Lives, and prevent great Damage both to the Persons and. Property, not only ingoing over, but under, the Bridge — That many Lives are loft in going over the Bridge, and also great Damage sustain-ecl by the Interruption of the Passage, arising from Persons whose Business is critical as to Time, as also to Goods, which likewise frequently depend on Time:

And that if there was Twenty Bridges, the most Eastern Bridge would still have the greatest Passage over it, by reaion of its Vicinity to the Commerce; and that he has lived many Years on London Bridge — That he has known it frequently happen, that Coals have been thrown through the Windows of the Houses out of the Barges going under the Bridge; and that; as he is informed, the Keafon is, that the Candle Lights in the Houses makes it dangerous in the Night-time to go through the Locks — That People on the River have always a glimmering Light, by which they can distinguish Objects, unless a very thick Fog — That Light leaves them just when they come to (hoot the Locks, as far as the Shadow of the Houses extend, and thereby they lose the Possibility of difeerning the Passage between Sterling and Sterling:

And that there are many Streets and Avenues leading to and from the Bridge; and that the Bridge is conveniently situated to carry Goods to those Places.

And being asked. Whether he thought there was an immediate Necessity of a Repair ? fa id. He looked upon it to be an Alteration rather than a Repair — That he thinks the (boner they set about repairing the Bridge, the better: That the Eiftate there will soon fink of itielfi — That he does not think the Bridge itself wants any Repair, otherwise than the annual Repair of the Sterlings; and that the Bridge is in as good Repair as it has been for 20 or 30 Years past:

And that if a new Bridge was to be built, the Necessity of repairing the old One would be nearly the fame; though there is no doubt but that some Persons and Cat-tie might go over the new Bridge; but yet the great and material Traffick, which is that dependent upon the Commerce, mud still go over London Bridge, by the Vicinity of the Shipping and Wharfs:

And that the pulling down the Houses on London Bridge would answer all the Ends proposed by building a new Bridge.

And being asked. Whether taking down the Houses, and repairing the oid Bridge, would not be near Half the Expence of building a new Bridge r laid, He thinks they bear no Proportion; that Estate is in so bad a Condition, that it must be taken clown — That the City of London built Ten Hordes, which did not bring them in £. 2. per Cent, and the Estate mult soon come to rolhing.

And being asked the Question, said. That that Estate is now wry considerable; but that most of the Leaics of moll 01 those Houses aic near expiring — That the new Houses are so bad, that the City will not be able to let them after the Lcates aie expired.

Vol. 27.

Mr. Peter Roberts, Comptroller of the Bridge House Estate, being examined, said, That the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of London, are Trustees for keeping London Bridge in Repair; and that Two Persons, called the Bridge-masters, eiefted by the Livery ot London, receive the Rents and Profits of the Houses (landing on London Bridge — That the Rents and Profits of the Bridge House Estate is received for the Maintenance and Repairs of London Bridge — That, in the Year 1753, he had Directions from the Committee, appointed to considerof a new Plan for constructing a new Bridge from Black Friars to the opposite Shore, to lay before them iewrai Papers relating to the Bridge House Estate; and that it was Part of the Reference to them to take into Consideration the State of London Bridge:

And that the gross Sum, Balance in favour of the Bridge, on auditing the Accounts in the Bridge-masters Hands, at Lady-day 1755, was £. 2,969. 9s. 5d. over and above Arrears of Rent, amounting to/J. 2,8 17. 6s. i^d. Arrears of Fines, amounting to ^.70. 6j. 11 d. and, in tx.e Hands of the Chamberlain ot London, £. 600; making together £. 6,457. 2J. 6%d. — That, in this Account, no Money in the Chamber of London is included, laving the £. boo; and that he does not apprehend the Corporation of London are able to go upon, and pay for, this Alteration.

Mr. Deputy James Hodges, being further examined, laid. That he knows many of the Petitioners have been informed, that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of London, arc willing and desirous to come into any Measures for the widening and repairing London Bridge — That he gave them such Information himself.

And being asked, Whether it was proposed in Common Council to apply to Parliament, to make the Paf-(age over London Bridge more safe and commodious ? he laid, Yes.

And being asked, Whether he knew if that Question paired in the Negative or Affirmative ? he made no An-lwer: But being further asked, Whether, in November 1755, the following Motion was made in Common Council: " That this Court do apply for the Aid and iy Assistance of Parliament for building a new Bridge " over the River "Thames, at or near Black Friars, to the " opposite Shore in the County of SurreyTo which an Amendment was proposed in the following Words: " and for making the Passage over London Bridge more " safe and commodious? " Lid, He knew of that Question and Amendment, which was carried in the Negative by a Majority of near Forty.

And being asked, Whether, after what he had heard, he had any Reaion to think the City of London, in their Corporate Capacity, after the last Resolution of Common Council, were willing and desirous ofenlargmganc! widening London Bridge as proposed ? laid, It would be odious to think that the City would ever oppose aMeafure which was evidently for the public Good, where they are Trustees for the Public; and that it was proposed in Com-'mon Council to make Application to Parliament for making the Passage over London Bridge more safe and commodious.

Then the Resolution of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London; and also the Petition of the Churchwardens. Overseers, and principal Inhabitants, of the Daiifh of Saint Saviours, in the Borough ot Southwark, in the County Surrey, presented to ttic House in the last Session of Parliament; were referred, was read; and is r.s followed]; viz.

Rcjdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, <c That the Petitioners the Churchwardens, Overseers, " and other principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint " Saviours, in the B rough of Southwark, have proved <c the Allegations of their Petition, so lar as relates to " the Danger and Ir.conveniency of the narrow Passage u over London Biidged*

Upon the w hole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

6 R Resolved,

522 i2° Martiu 1756.

BUckfriars Refohed, i.That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Brulge. That the Petitioners the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of have fully proved the

Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, i. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would be advantageous not only to the City of London, but to many others of his Majesty’s Subjects, and to the Public in general, that another Bridge should be built cross the River Thames, from some Part of the City to the Surrey Side of the said ltiver.

Resolved, 3. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the most convenient Place for erecting the said Bridge will be from B/ack Friars, in the said City, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey.

Resolved, 4. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners, divers Merchants, Tradesmen, Citizens, and Inhabitants, of the City of London and Borough of Southwark, and of the several Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sujj'ex, have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, 5. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Passage over and through London Bridge is at prefint very dangerous and incommodious; and that it is absolutely necessary immediately to widen and enlarge the fame: That the widening and enlarging the said Bridge, and One or more of the Arches thereof, would be of public Utility, of great Benefit to Trade and Commerce, make the Navigation upon the said River more safe and secure, and greatly tend to the Preservation of the Lives of his Majesty’s Subjects passing over and through the said Bridge.

Appendix, N# 1.

An Estimate of the Expence in making the proposed Alteration of London Bridge.

To fill up all the Cavities or Voids of all the Arches throughout the whole Bridge with Portland Stone, One Foot Six Inches thick, so that every Arch may be uniform and intire, and to extend some of the Piers to the proper Length of the rest, in order to make the Breadth of the Bridge alike throughout, toereft all the Piers and Spandrels of the Arches in the East and West Fronts with Portland Athler; to make the Plinth of the Baluf-trade of Portland Block on both Sides One Foot Four Inches thick; to make the Dado of the said Balustrade of Portland Block, One Foot Two Inches thick; to make the Cap over the said Dado of Portland Block, One Foot in Height and Two Feet wide, wrought with a large Torus; to make all the Baluftres of Portland Block,

One Foot Square each Baluftre; to make all those Parts of the several Piers, which are in a Line, and level with the said Baluftres, of - Portland Block, One Foot Two Inches thick; to crown all the said Balustrade and Pierson both Sides of the Bridge with a proper Cap of Portland Stone, One Foot in Height, to turn all the Coves in those Piers, which are designed for Recedes, with Portland Stone, Eight Inches thick; to turn Arches over all the Cavities in the Piers, and ered Walls for the said Arches to spring from, in order to support the Paving above; to find and provide all Manner of Centering, to execute the aforesaid Works; to make a Foot Passage Six Feet wide on each Side, which shall be elevated One Step above the middle Part intended for Carriages, and the said Foot-ways to be bounded with Steps of Moor Stone, and the Parts within the said Steps to be paved with good found Purbeck Paving; to pave the middle Part with the best middle-sized Guernsey Pebbles; to ered Pods and Rails of good found Oak, in a handsome manner, with Openings at proper Distances, to defend Foot Passengers from being annoyed or interrupted by Cattle; to fix irons and Lamps, as described in the Design herewith exhibited; and to make a temporary Bridge of Timber, in order to iecurc a free Passage to all Carriages and Passengers, that the Trade and Commerce of the City may not be interrupted, during the Prosecution of the aforesaid Works: All which proposed Design will amount to £.30,000.

September the 4th, 1754. Geo. Dance.

20

N° 2. of the Appendix, being a Section or Elevation of the Alterations proposed to be made to the said Bridge, is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The 2d, 3d, and 5th, Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Hlaik Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey: And that Sir Mr. Cooke, Doctor Hay, Mr. O up ley, and Mr. Sy mends, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Half or d:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Marquii providing a Maintenance for the Marquis of BlarJford, during the Life of his Father the Duke of Marlborough; Muuenanct, and for rebuilding the said Duke’s House at in

the County of Bucks-, and for purchasing in, and making void, divers Leases granted by the said Duke, in Trust, for his younger Children; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and Eridgr-through London Bridge: And that Sir Philipps,

Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Belchand Mr. Hammond, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Hamlet Padding*<m of Highgate, in the Parishes of St.Pancras and New Road,

in the County of Middlesex, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill, depending in the House, to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gate House and Hampstead, and from St. Giles’s Pound to Kilburn Bridge, in the County of to

make anew Road from thegieat Northern Road at lfing-ion to the Edgware Road near Paddington-, and also from the North End of Portland Street, cross the Farthing house P'ields, into the said new Road; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts for repairing the said Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilburn Bridge; and alleging, That the Road leading front the Sign of the Angel to the House in the Possession of William Duffield Farmer, on the South Side of tire said Hamlet of Highgate, is become ruinous, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless some further Provision be made for that Purpose: And therefore paying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, to enable the Trustees for repairing the said Roads to repair, and keep in Repair, the lload on the South Side of High-gate aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Mr.

More, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Turner, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Trifle, Mr. Mr.

Fairfax, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lockyer, Mr.

Hume, Sir John Cujl, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Crojfe,

Mr. Cope, Mr. Moore, Sir John Philipps, General On-flow. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Belchier, Mr. Walter, Mr. AMr. Pitt, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr.

Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Montagu, Mr . Medlyand all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex,

Norfolk, Suffolk, Hertford, Cambridge, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of

K^nfington

Parochial

.Rates.

Dover and Rve Har hours*

Rye

Harbour-

Miria

Uvs.

s,ppfy-

29 Geo. II.

the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vcltry, of the Parish of ton, in the County of Middlef, to make a Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said Parish, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 27. To leave out " chosen," and insert " appointed."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestry, of the Parish of in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates for the

Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said Pari 111.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp Proctor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Termsand Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of several Merchants and Owners of Ships, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, which was referred to the said Committee; and had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon 'Tv.efday Morning next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to proper and skilful Persons, such as his Majesty shall think fit to appoint, to repair to the Town and to make a Survey of the Wo ks carrying on for making an Harbour there; and to give their Opinion thereupon; and whether a convenient, safe, and commodious Harbour can be made at the said Town, and the Use of such Harbour, when completed; and also what may be the most proper Plan for making such Harbour; and to make an Estimate of the Expence thereof; and that his Majesty will be graciously pleased to cause an Account of all the Proceedings of the said Persons, lo to be appointed, together with such Plan and Estimate, to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

' Mr. ‘Townshend presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great called

England: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Vol. 2 7.

523

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supplying next, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, and^J* upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to lerve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Fox have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act MarquU for providing a Maintenance for the Marquis of Bland- g|anj(ord>3 ford, during the Life of his Father the Duke of - Mainteomc*. borough; and for rebuilding the said Duke’s House at Langley, in the County of Bucks; and for purchasing in, and making void, divers Leases granted by the said Duke,

in Trust, for his younger Children; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 150 die Mart it;

Anno 29° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

MR. Whiclicot reported from the Committee, to whom Lincoln

the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads lead- Heath, ing from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough; and from the East End of Marham Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton; and from the Town of Bourne to the Town of Co/fier-wortlr, and from Donington High Bridge to the Cross Poll; in the Parish of Hacconby; and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarringdon, in the County of Lincoln-, was re-committed, That the Committee had made some other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, That some further Amendment is proper to make to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be again re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Berkeley presented to the House, according to Or- Woollen der, a Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Manufacture. 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of the Payment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other manner than in Money: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys and Mr. Pelham be added Hundred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and prc- hoot serving certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely and County DRlver of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the raU'Jo<"' Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hardlands of

Mepal,

120 — 15° Martii.

524 150 Marl'll. 1756.

Mepal, Witch am, Wentworth, Witch ford, Ely, B oivnham, anti Littleport; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of ike Fens, commonly caiied Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Liimts aforesaid, and commonly called Invejied hands; is committed.

Rve Wav A Bill for amending, repairing, and widening, the Road. Roads leading from the Rye Way, in the Parish of Yar-pock, in the County of Hereford, to P rest eigne, in the County of Radnor, and from thence to Leinnvardinc \ and from Prefieigne, through Hafir, to the Top of Trap Hill, and to Wooferton, in the County of Hereford afoic-fuid; was read a Second time.

Rfohed, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Morgan, Mr. Lyflev, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Olmins, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Hume, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hill, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Barrozv, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Turner, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. P/lore, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Garth, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Archer, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Obrien. Mr. Nor they, Mr. Symmons, Lord Downe, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gyb-bon,}Ax. Pelham, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gajhry, Marquis of Granby, Mr. Brifow, Mr. Hunt, Lord Bateman, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Trifle, Mr. Waring, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Crcfwell, Mr Colebrcoke, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pcpham, Mr. Campbell, SuWm.Irby, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Which cot, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Rebozc, Mr. Cunlffe, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, Worcester, and Salop, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

RC^arU^ A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Owners, and

Doncaster, Occupiers of Lands, and others, inhabiting in or near the Road. Road leading from Wakefield to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; reciting a Petition in the Names of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Owners and Occupiers of Land, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, Or.e of them intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from a Place called Red House, near Doncaster, to Wakefield; and through the Laid Town of Wakefield, by Dewfhury, High Town, and Lightcliffe, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and the other intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Wakefield to Pontefratt, and from thence to a Place called Wceland, in the Township of Hcnfal; and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, in the Township of Barrington, in the said West Riding of the County of York; and of the several Creditors under the said Acts, for a Bill for in-Creasing the Tolls, and enlarging the Powers, granted by the said Acts; or for repealing the said Acts, and for granting new Tolls, Terms, and Powers, for completing the said Roads: And alleging, that, by the said first-mentioned Act, that Part of the said Road which leads through Wakefield, Hiffi Town, and Lightcliffe aforesaid, to the said Town of Halifax, is made a separate Di drift; and the Tolls thereby granted are to be applied for repairing that Part or District of the said Road, and not elsewhere; and that the Trustees to the said last mentioned Act borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Toils collected on the said District of Road, have been applied in repairing the lam:; notwithstanding which, some ]\irts of the said Road are in bad Condition; but that the Tolls by the said Act granted amount to a very large annual Sum, and are not only luincient to pay the Money already borrowed upon the Cicdit thereof, but also to raiie such further Sums as may be neccftary for completing the Reparation of the said District of Road, and keeping the same in Repair; and that toincrease the said Tolls will be greatly detrimental to that Part of the Country which lies near to j3

the said Road: And therefore praying, That in case the House shall think fit to enlarge the Ter!ns or Powers granted by the said last-mentioUcd Act for putting and keeping the said District of the said Road in Repair, proper Provision may be made to prevent the increufing or altering the lolls thereby granted upon the said District of the Road which lies through Wakefield, by Dcw'fbury,

High Tozvju and lightcliffe, to Halifax aforesaid; and that the Petitioners may have fuel) other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Road from a Place called the Red House, near Boncafier, to Wakefield and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dezvsbury, High Tozcn, and Lightcliffe, to the Town of Halifax, in the W eft Riding of the County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to PontefraSt, and from thence to a Place cah-d Wceland, in the Township of Henfidl; and from Ponte-fradl to Wentbridge, in the Township of Barring ton, in the West Riding of the County of York; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer have Leave to go into the if3Vf Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Octalions. of AbsenCe,

Mr. More reported from the Committee, to whom the SIi Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading f;: u . to 7 Coleham Bridge, in the Town of Shravsbury, to the Mu- h

ket Place in the Town of Church Stretton, and ou.‘ A the said Road at or near the Smith’s Shop on Baston lid to the Top of Lythzvood Hill, and from a Place near Pulley Common, on the same Road, to the May Pole in Condcver; and from Coleham Bridge aforesaid, through Whclbatch, to Longdon, in the County of Salop; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bi 1, and found the same to be true; and that the Commitree had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the.Question severally put thereupon, except One of them, which was disagreed to, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Bui- Hundred lock, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Hayes, Foot

Lord Fane, Mr. Offley, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Robert Cole-brooke, Mr. Lock, Mr. Vaughan, be added to the Corn-mittee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hard lands of Mepal, Witch-am, Wentworth, Wit cl ford, Ely, Downham, and Little-port; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiff's, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, and commonly called Invejied Lands; is committed.

A MefTuge from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Mountagu: 9.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mllch for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Wcn!«k, Roads leading from the Market-house in the Town of Much Wenlock, in the County of Salop, without any *oadf‘ Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act pll(j|cw for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several R(*uL Roads leading from the Market house, and elsewhere, in

the

Baugh’s

Estate.

Riley’*

Name.

Bonnet’s

Nat.

Sheppards

Shord

Roads.

Clyde s River Lightiioufe.

Bowes,

&c.

Roads.

29 Geo. II. 150 Martii 525

the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, without

any Amendment: And also

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of Thomas Folliott Baugh Esquire, in the County of Herefordand for settling another Estate, of greater Value, to the Uses of his Grandfather’s Will, and his own Marriage Settlement, respectively: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing and impowering John Riley, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of instead of the

Surname of Riley: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Bonnet: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Three several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes-, and from Stert Stone, in the Parish of Urfhfont, to Rovtd , in the County of Wilts; and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways; and for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid; was read ti.e Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of'Parliament for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes-, and from Stert Stone, in the Parish of UJhfont, to Rowd in the County of Wilts, and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways; and for repairing the Road from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Garth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for erecting, maintaining, and supporting, a Lighthouse on the Island of Little Cttmra, in the County of Bute, at the Mouth of the River Clyde in North Britain; and for rendering the Navigation in the Frith and River of Clyde more iafe and commodious; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. McKenzie, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Ofzvald, Mr. Bayntun, Admiral Eofcazven, Mr. Cartzvright, Doctor Hay, Mr.

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Hayzvard,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. More, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. 9"hornhagh, Mr. Monson, Mr.

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Cope, Mr, Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Tt nvnjhend, Mr. Trifle, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lyster, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Hunt, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Mr.

Celebrooke, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lord

Barnard, Mr. Brudenelt, Mr. Plummer, Mr.

Mr. Legge, Alderman Baker, Mr. Mr. Wa-

ring; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high Roud horn the Town of Bo-wes, in the County of York, to Barnard CaJUe, in the County of Durham, and from thence, th rough Staindrop, to Newgate in Bijlwp , and

from Nezvgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge,

and from thence, by MelderfioGill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County: f Durham; and for making the same more effectual; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Vol. 27.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 21st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through ' drop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence, by Melderfion Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That the Lord B do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable James Leigh Esquire, now called James Perrot, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Perrot, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Perrot Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable James Leigh Esquire, now called James Perrot, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Perrot, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Perrot Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Keck do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing divers Parcels of waste. Grounds or Commons in EMI, in the County of Lan-easter, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 9. To leave out " Thomas," and insert " Richard."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing divers Parcels of waste Grounds or Commons in Ellell, in the County of

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. /

An ingrossed Billforrepairing and widening several Roads leading from a Place called F through Bagley Wood, and through Abingdon, over Ock Bridge, and through the Villages of Drayton, Steventon, and Miltcn, to Chilton Pond; and also from the Top of Hinkjey Hill to Foxcombe Hill Gate, on the Road leading to in the County of Berks: was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 26. To fill the Blank with " Forty Shillings."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Fryar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond -, and also from the Top of Hill to

Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, a Paper, containing,

" The humble Memorial of Robert Taylor, Statuary," to the right honourable the Lords CommissionqpB of his Majesty’s Treasury, with a Report from the principal Officers of his Majesty’s Board of Works, to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury; and also a Paper, intituled,

" A Bill for erecting a Monument in Westminster Abbey to " the Memory of Captain by Order of the Lord Chamberlain," annexed thereto: And also,

A Paper, containing, " The humble Memorial of " Robert Taylor, Statuary," to the right honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury.

6 S And

1

Leigh * Name.

Ellell

Inclosure.

Fryar

Bacon's

Study

Rands.

T aylor’s Bill for Captain Cornwall'* Mon u are 0T.

5^6 15 — 16* Martii. A. 1*156.

And the Titles of the said Fapers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sk.rine’j An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, an Act tilates. for vetting in Trustees certain Me flu ages, Lands, Tenements, and Farms, in the County of Surrey, settled upon tjse Marriage of Richard Dickson Shrine Esquire with Elizabeth h's now Wife, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles; and for laying out the Purchasc-money in other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of their Marriage Settlement; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Stealing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of Lead, Scc. niOre effectua.ly discouraging and preventing the stealing, and the buying and receiving offtolcn, Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell-metal, and Soider, fixed to, or lying or being in or upon, any House, Outhouses, or Buildings, Yards, or Gardens thereto belonging, or from any Ship, Barge, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel or Craft, upon any navigable River, or in any Port of Entry or Discharge, or in any Creek belonging thereto, or from off any Wharf or Quay adjacent: And that Sir Janies Creed and Mr. Cooke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

America; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the RAr3t n^ ^ie better recruiting of his Majesty’s Forces in North ie rmy- America-, and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion there: And that the Lord Barrington and Mr. Oswald do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Land Tax - Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ComiuiiiUmers. 05v|atc some Doubts which have arisen with regard to the Qualification of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a I>and Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1756; and for the Relief of the Inhabitants of the City, and County of the City, of Lincoln, in re-lpect of Arrears of the Land Tax; and for enlarging the Qualification of the said Commissioners: And that Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proilor, Sir John the Lord Clerk Register of Scotland, Mr. Northcy, and Mr. Henley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

QinHfVififf " Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee for Offices" of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Per-Ions who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to r.'lew further Time for Members, and Officers, of Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions may not luve been provided, or nor duly stamped, or where the same may have been lost or mislaid, to provide, or cause to be provided, Admissions duly stamped; and to indemnify, free, and discharge, them of and from all Incapacities, Disabilitics, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages, by reason of such Omission.

* of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Sandwich to enable John Earl of Sandwich, George EarJ of Choi-mondeley, and WelbcreEllis Esquire, to take in Great oa n.ia.ioj). Britaint he Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves lor the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the First time.

" Racked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for extending the Act of the 22d Year of his Armio,. present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the "bvaeP Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces ,by Sea. to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as Hull lerve on board his Majesty’s Ships or V'cfl'ds employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America, was ivad a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit;ee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve it.elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the ad- Wve journed Confident ion of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge across the River at 'v' Wye, from the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, to the opposite Shore, in the County of , was committed;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wavi resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to MdAkaM. consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Ma-

Resolved, That tins I Ioufe will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supplying whole House, upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of an<l SwmeD* War, and cn board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Ycffe's.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clev land took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. C/ev/and reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 16° die Martii;

Anno 290 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for naturalizing Peter Bonnet, was read the First ^3t*

time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore\\o carry to the Lords FamVdon, the ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road &c. from the Town of Farringdo/i, in the County of Berks ^oac*.

to the "Town of Cric!:!adc\ and from thence to the Town of Molme!lur)\ in the County of Wilts, and the Road from thence to join the Turnpike Road at ARon TarAl/e, in the County of Ghme/ler^ and a:io the Road from T:t* kary, in the said County, through Mehwfbttn aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge \ and the Road from S.Urston to

join

2$) Geo. II. id0 Martii.

5*7

join the Turnpike Road leading from Tetlury to Bath; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Shrevrtbury Mr. LyJler reported from the Committee, to whom the to Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, through Battlefield Lane, Hadnall, AEion Roads!* Reynold, to Preston Brockhur/l, in the County of Salop, being the great Road from Shreivsbury to Whitchurch, in the said County; and from Skrewfbury aforesaid to Shaw* bury, being the great Road from Shrezvjhiry to Drayton, in the said County; and from the said Town of Shrew/* bury, through Roden and High Ercall, to Shrey Hill, being the great Road from Shrewsbury to Newport, in the said County of Salop\ was committed. That the Committee hud examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same robe true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingulfed.

Insolvent The Lord Strange presented to the House, According Dtbton. (0 Order, a Bill to obviate a Doubt arifien on an Act, made in the hft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act, for Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And the same was received; and read the First time.

jRefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wye Bridge Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the

at Hay, adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for building a Bridge across the River Wye, from the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, to the opposite Shore in the County of Radnor, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sale of An ingrossed Bill for veiling the Manor of Dantfey> DMitfry and Hundred of Chippenham, and divers Messuages, Lands, Manor. Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilis, late the Estates of Charles Earl of Pelerborow and Monmouth, deceased, i:i Trustees, for raising a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass 1 And that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Manor of Dantfey, and Hundred of Chippenham, arid divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, late the Estates of Charles' Earl of Peterborozv and Monmouth, deceased, in Trustees, for raising a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Air. Mount ay u

Mr. Speaker,

T.ane's The Lords have pallid a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Eitaies. railing Money out of the Estates of Ralph Lane Esquire,

deccafied, in the Counties ot Northampton and Cambridge, for discharging the Incumbrances aflefting the lime; and VoL* 27.

for applying Part of the Personal Ellate of Elizabeth Lane his Wife, deceased, in the Purchase of the Cam* bridgeshire Ellate, to be settled pursuant to her Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Paddington Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of New Road. Highgate, in the Parishes of St. Pancras And Horvfey, in the County of Middhfe:;, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s liable: Where the same was read; and is as Followed]; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Peter Storer Esquire, being examined, said. He knows the Road leading from the Sign of the Angel to the House in the Possession of William Dttffield, Farmer, on the South Side of the Hamlet of Highgate — That it is very ruinous: That Passengers can hardly get along it in the Winter Season; and that it cannot be effectually amended; and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Oourse of Law —

That the said Road is about 400 Yards in Length, and lies between the Turnpike Roads leading from Islington and Kentish Town, through Highgate.

Robert Thomas Esquire, being called, confirmed the above Evidence: And,

Mr. Humphrey Elmes, Clerk to the TrusteeS for Whig* ton Turnpike, produced a Copy of a Resolution of the said Trustees, of the nth of February lait, which Resolution is hereunto annexed:

44 At a General Meeting of the Trustees of Islington Turnpike, held at the Red Lion Coffee House iti Red Lion Street, Clerkenwell, on Wednesday the iC 11 th Day of February 1756;

44 Prelent,

44 Edward Rujhworth Esquire, in the Chair:

44 Geo. Ccoke, John Edwards, Geo. Erring/on, Peter 64 Storer, Robert Thomas, Matthew Langley, Ed-€< mu ad Byron, Charles Ding ley, Hammond Crojj?, John ‘‘ South rote, Richard W/u/haw, Geo. Fowke, Ef quires, c< Mr. John Crutchfield, Mr. Jonathan Deane, Mr.

44 John Sou/by, Mr. Jonathan Hall, Mr. Wm. Par«

" doe, Mr. John Jennings, Mr. Edward Price, Mr.

" Henry Williams, Mr, Edward Davenhill, Mr. Ri~

44 chard Holmes, Mr. Daniel Radford, Mr. Jvhrt Priejl, Mr. Francis Good/e, Mr. Samuel Wilifon,

44 Mr. John Smith, Mr. Thomas Marlton, Mr. Thomas Hunte

" A Motion was now made by Mr. Edwards, and fe- conded by Mr Thomas, That a Clause be inserted in the Bill intended to be presented to Parliament, for making the new Road from Paddington to Islington, 0 44 impower and direct the Tftiftces to amend and keep in Repair the Road leading from the Angel at Highgate to the Kentish Town Road, being about 400 Yards in Length, so as to join the Islington and Kentish Town Roads together, out of the Tolls granted for this Trull:

41 And, the Question being put, it passed in the Af- firmative.

44 A true Copy, examined per Humphrey Elmes, Clerk to the said Trustees."

OYdered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee,

to whom the Bill to enable the respective Tn fbes of the Turnpike Hoads leading to Highgate Gatehov/e and Harnp* field, and from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington to the Edge-ware Road near Paddington; and also from the North End of Port land Street, crols the Farthing Pie-house Fields, into the said new Road; and for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two several Acts lor repairing the said Road from St Giles's Pound toKilboum Bridge; is committed/That

Newton luck fare.

BreadbcacP*

Leafing.

Account of Duty cn Plate.

Glover's

Divorce.

Supflying

M/liners auci Seamen,

528

they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for repaying the lload leading from the Sign of the Angel to the House in the Possession of William Farmer,

on the South Side of the Hamlet of

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common l’aftures, common Meadows, and common Grounds, in Newton, in the Parish of Clifton upon more, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord borough, Mr. Moreton, Sir Charles Mr.

ton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Strange,

Mr. More, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Rigby, J^ord

Barrington, Lord Bateman, Mr. Grove, Sir. Wm. Beauchamp Proilor, Mr. Hurdinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ellis, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Sir

Conyers D' Any, Mr. Whicheat, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Growle, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Robin/on, Mr. hagh, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Trifle, Mr. Talbot, Sir Wm.

Calvert, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Campbell, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Selwyn, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Foley, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Shelley, Lord Parker, Mr. Nugent, Sir Thomas Robin/on, Lord Downe, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Digby, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Leslie, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel A' Court, Sir John Turner, Mr. Walter, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Phillipson, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Chetwynd; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afteernoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Theodore Henry Broadhead, an Infant, to make Leases of the Estates given and devised to him by the Will of his Uncle Henry Broadhead Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cocks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on wrought Plate, from the Commencement thereof, to Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Glover with Hannah 'Nun, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be now read-And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Samuel Martin took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Samuel Martin reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared against it; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Edgcumbe do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to lerve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ship:, and other trading Ships and Vessels, was committed.

Mr. Edgcumbe accordingly reported from the said Com-18

J. 1756.

rnittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which he was d’ueded to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrossed Bill for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on foreign raw or brown Linen Yarns imported, was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{The Lord Advocate

of Scotland, (154,

Mr. Hardinge: j

Tenors for ,h, NoK>{""'- \ 7,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign raw Linen Yarns made of Flax.

Ordered, That Mr. Dodington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for veiling certain Adjudications, now vested in the Crown by the Attainder of Alexander Mackenzie, of Fraferdale, in Hugh MLeod, of Genies, Esquire.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Oswald took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House" will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take

upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances within the said City, and Liberty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1 die Martii;

Anno 29° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1756. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of the Estates of Ralph Lane Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Northampton and Cambridge, for discharging the Incumbrances afleding the fame; and for applying Part of the personal Estate of Elizabeth Lane his Wife, deceased, in the Purchase of the Cambridgeshire Estate, to be settled pursuant to her W'ill; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An

16" — 17® Martii.

Linen

Macleod'i

Estates.

Appointing

Coilfbblft

in

Westminster

&c.

Lsne'j

Eflarcv

4

29 Geo. II. 17° Martii.

529

Baugh's

Eftacc.

Rileys

Name,

Ewloe,

Sec.

Roads.

Ry«

Harbour.

Red House near DoncafteT Road.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of Thomas Folliott Baugh Esquire, in the County of Herejord; and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, to the Ufesof his Grandfather's Will, and his own Marriage Settlement, respectively; was read the First time.

Refobed, Thdit the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing and impowering John Riley, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Wheelwright, instead of the Surname of Riley, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other the Inhabitants, of the County of Flinty was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrew [bury, through E/lefmere, in the County of Salop, and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and likewise to repair and widen several Hoads leading from the above-mentioned Roads; and also the Road from Wrexham aforesaid to Chester, and from thence to Ewloe, in the Parish of Ha-wardin, in the County of Flint: And letting forth, that the Roads leading from Ewloe aforesaid, through the Towns of Northop, Flint, and Holywell, to a Place called Penfford y ivaen, in the Parish of Whitford, in the said County of Flint; are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually.amended and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for repairing the said last-menrioned Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Glynr.e, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Mr. Lyjler. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Trijie, Mr. Fellozvcs, Sir John Cujf, Mr. Aifiabie, N[\\ Vyr.tr, Mr. Whichcot, Wx. Berkeley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Martin, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Bary, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Mai pas, Mr. Gy boon, Mr. Cole-brook e, Mr. West fating, Mr. Crefjwell, Mr. Waring, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Kent, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Francis Da/hwood, Mr. Symmons, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Salop, Hereford, Worcvjler, Stafford, and Lane after, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Hobart reported to the House, That their Addressof Friday last, in relation to the Harbour of Rye, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

APctition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, Own-nersand Occupiers of Lands, and others, inhabiting in or near the several Roads leading from a Place called Red House, near Done after, to Wakefield; and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, High Town, and Light-cliffe, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York’, and from Wakefield to Pontefrat7, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Town-ship of Henjall, and from PontejraPl to Wentbridge, ii the Township of Darrington, in the said West Riding of the County of York; was presented to the House, and read; reciting a Petition in the Names of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Owners and Occupiers of Lands, in the West Riding of the County of York; and of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of Vol. 27.

his present Majesty, One of them intituled, An Act for repairing the Ronds from a Place called Red House, near Dune after, to Wakefield’, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, High Town, and Light cliffe, to the Town of Halifax, in the V eil Riding of the County of York; and the other intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Wakefield to Pentefeu-Si, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Township of Henfall; and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, in the Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the Coumyo(.[York, and of the several Creditors under the said Acts, for a Bill for increasing the Tolls, and enlarging the Powers, granted by the said Acts, or for repealing the said Acts, and for granting new 1 oils, Terms, and Powers, for completing t\\£ Lid Roads; and that the Trustees to the said Acts hayc borrowed several Sums of Money, upon the Credit thereof, which, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Roads, have been applied in repairing the fame; notwith-. Handing which, some Parts or the said Roads are in a bad Condition; but that the Tolls and Duties granted by the Act of tire Twenty-eighth, Year of his present Majesty, to amend an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto, amount to a very large clear annual Sum, and are not only sufficient to pay the Money already borrowed upon the Credit thereof, but also to raise such iurther Sums as may be necessary for completing the Reparation of the said Roads, and keeping the same in Repair; and that to increase the Tolls on Lime or Coal will be greatly detrimental to that Part of the Country which lies near to the said Roads: And therefore praying, That in case the House shall think fit to enlarge the Terms or Powers granted by the said Acts, Provision may be made to prevent the increasing the Toils thereby granted on Carriages laden with Lime or Coal travelling upon the said Roads; and that the Petitioners may use such Carriages and Cattle for the carrying of Lime and Coal as are alle wed by the last mentioned Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, paying the Toils therein appointed; or that the Petitioner:* may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts, paiftd in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the One for repaii ing the Roads from a Place called the Red Houset near Doncaster, to Wakefield; and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dezvfbury, High Town, and Lighted fie, to the Town of Halifax, in the YVeft Riding of the County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Township of Henfall; and from Ponte-fraEl to Wentbridge, in the Town Hi ip of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York; is committed.

Sir Conyers D'Arcy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from:he Town, of L>'eds, through Harwood, to the f outh-weft C rr.er of the Inclosures of Harrowgate, and from thence in Two Blanches, one through Ripley, over Enrage Green, and the other through Knarejboroitgh and Borough bridge, to Ripen, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or W&tcrcourse on Hutton Moor, in the County of 1 ork; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition ofieverai Gentlemen, and ether Inhabitants, of Leeds, Bradford, Otley, Killinghall, and icvciai other Towns in the West Riding of t he County of York, who'.e Namesaretheicunlolublcnhed, to thein referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, arid found the same to betrue;and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madcfcve«al Amendmentsthercunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read

6 T the

Leeds,

&c.

Roads.

53° 17 Martii. 1750.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tire Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-ral'.y put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Lincoln Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom Heath, the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough; and from the East End of Marham Lane to the Town of Wniton, in the county of ; and from the Town of Bourne to the Town of; and

from Donington High Bridge to the Cross Poll in the Parish of Hacconby-, and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Pari Hi of,

in the County of Lincoln-, was again re-committed, That the Committee had made One other Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,

Papers Mr. Oswald presented to the House, pursuant to their respectmj; Address to His Majesty, Copy of the Minutes of the Jamaica* Assembly of Jam, called and held by Governor Knowles, and the said Governor’s Prorogation or the same on the 23d of October 1755, for an Hour.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

prK)‘nt'"g Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to °‘ina e* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Westminster, consider further of the Bill for appointing a sufficient &c* Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster-, and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances within the said City and Liberty; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses more effectually to prevent Persons dealing by unlawful Weights, Balances, and Measures, there.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That . they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Repovt be received Tomorrow , Morning.

Marquis An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of for providing a Maintenance for the Marquis of Bland ford, Bland ford’s during the Life of his Father the Duke of Marlborough, Maintenance. an£j fQr rebuking the said Duke’s House at Langley, in the County of Bucks-, and for purchasing in, and making void, divers Leases granted by the said Duke, in Trust for his younger Children, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. DP by, St John Wynne, Mr. Obrien, Lord Fane, Lord Parker, Mr. Gore, Lord Bateman, Lord Barrington, Mr. Talbot, Mr. More, Dr. Haw Mr. Oswald, Mr. Lord

Barnard, Sir John Of, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cole-17

brooks, Mr. Godolphin, Lord Hobart, Sir

ton, Mr. Rigby, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr.

Mr. Nugent, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

Walpole, Lord Pulteney, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

West, Colonel Griffin, Lord Mai pas. Lord Royjton, Sir George 1'onge, Mr. Aldworth, the Master of (he Rolls,

Mr. Pinch, Mr. Wilkinfcn, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr.

Hume, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Alderman Lord Upper

Of dry, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Colleton, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Verney, Mr. Which cot,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wilbraham, Mh son. Sir John Glynne, Lord Downs, Mr. Mr.

Carnvright, Mr. Secretary Fox, Mr. Aifabie, Lord borough. Sir Hugh Dairymp/e, Sir Robert Burdett, Sir Conyers D'Arcv, Mr. Furnefe, Mr. ,. Mr.

wort k, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Campbell-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, W»ppb>{ and bettcrerilighter.ing, and cleaning the Streets, and other ®tIceu*

Places, and Passages, and repairing the Highways, within the Parishes of St. George, St. John Wapping, St. Paul Shadwell, and the Hamlet of Ratclffie, in the County of Middlesex, and the Precinftof WelClofe, in the Royalty of the Tower of London, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Garth, Mr. Cooke, Dr. Hay, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Cole brooks, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John;

Mr. Wi/kinson, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mr. Rigby,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mitchell, Sir John,

Mr. Am colls, Mr. Which cot. Sir Janies Creed, Sir Wm.

Calvert, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Fello wes, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. More, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hume, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Gore, Mr. Phillipson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Freeman, Mr. ProMr. Lockyer, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Dashwood, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Crowle, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Mr. Med-

lycott, Mr. Fane, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Shelley,

Mr. Trifle, Lord Plobart, Sir John Gift, Mr! Amy and,

Mr; Martin, Sir Geo. Lee, Mr. Duff, Lord Ma/pas, Mr.

Powell, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Kent, Mr. and all

the Members who lerve for the Counties of Ef-

sex, Suffolk, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fiveof the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Or- $opp!vBilIj der, a Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and silver Duties, payable by all Persons, and Bodies Politic, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate: And the same was received; and read the First time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the YeasJ

Tellers for the Noes, j ] 120.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Cflwald, according to Order, reported from the Ae<l‘ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for veiling certain Adjudications, now vested in the Crown by the Attainder of Alexander Mackenzie, of Fra fee dale, in Hugh M'Leod, of Genies, Esquire, was committed, the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout;

Geo. II.

170 — 18° Murtii.

53i

out; and li en a Second time, one by one; and, upon the and that he was directed by the Committee to move,

Out ft ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the That they may have Leave to lit again.

pjouj'e That this House will, upon tins Day Seven-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, grofted. to consider further of the said Petition.

.America; The Lord Betrr tag ton presented to the House, accord-Regulsting ing to Order, a Pill for the better recruiting of his Ma-the Army, jetty’s Forces in North America, and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion there: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ResolveJyThat the Bill be read a Second time.

Ptddinjton A Petition Robert Bof in the New Road. County of Middlesex.Innkeeper, waspresented to the House, and read -.alleging. That the Petitioner is Tenant to 1 Belitha Esquire, and Mary Herbert Widow, under a Leate

of the AngelInt:, with divers Stahls, Out Offices, Sheep

Pens, Land, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging; and that the said Sheep Pens, by reason of their commodious Postion, are of great Advantage to the Petitioner; and that by the Bill, now depending, for malting anew Road from Paddington to Ifingto, it is intended that the said Road shall had through the Center of the Petitioner’s Yard, Homeltail, and Sheep Pens: and that in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioner, as well as ' his Landlord, will be greatly injured thereby; and that the said Inn will be absoluieiy ruined, unless ample Restitution be made to the Petitioner, and his Landlord, and unless Provision be made for the supplying the Petitioner with Stables, Buildings, Sheep Pens, and all proper Conveniences, before the old Ones are taken away: And therefore praying. That proper Clauses may be inserted in the said Bill, in case the same should pass into a Law, not only for rebuilding and replacing the said Stables, Buildings, and Sheep Pens, and making all other Conveniences as commodious to the Petitioner as those which are intended to be taken away from him, and supplying the Petitioner with all proper Conveniences, whilst the old Ones arc removing. and the new Ones replacing; but also for making ample Restitution and Satisfaction to the Petitioner, and his Landlord, for the Damage which may accrue to them, and particularly to the Petitioner, from the said new intended Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to High gate Grit House and Hampftend and from St. Giles’s

Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, in the County of A to

make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgzvare Road near Paddington; and also from the North End of Portland Street, crols the Farthing Pye-koufe Fields, into the said new Road; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts, for repairing the said Road from St. Giles’s Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, is committed.

Qualifying for Offices, &c.

Foundling

Hospital.

America i Governing Ship*, Ac. by Sea.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill lor extending the Act of the 2 2(1 Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing: into One Act of Parliament, the Lows relating to the Go-' vernment of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by-Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisj 18° die M; Anno 290 Georgii Ildl Regis, 1756.

Praters.

R. Edward Fenton presented to the House, ac- Colncii and cording to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Carlfert Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Car If or d, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ways and Means,

Supply/

Poor.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnity Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of crxposed and deserted young Children.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Fox took, the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred;

Vol. 27.

A Petition of several Innholders, and other Public I Joule Keepers, residing in the 'Towns of Hertford, Ware, and Hoddffdon, in the County of Hertford., in behalf of themselves, and many others: And also,

A Petition of several Innholders, and other Public House Keepers, rending in the Towns of Lewes, Cliff,

S out hover, and East Griff! end, in the County of Sussex;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, "That the Petitioners have been great Sufferers from the extraordinary Number of Troops which of late have been billeted upon them; and that, if they arc not relieved many Families will be reduced to the greatest Distrds: And therefore praying the House to take the distressed same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and afford them such Relief as the House shall think fit.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the Hardships of Inn-holder5,andorherPublicHouse-keepers, in the Counties of Essex, Kent, and Surrey, and in the City of Canterbury, from the late Quartering of extraordinary Numbers of Officers and Soldiers upon them, which the present Exigency has rendered unavoidable.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Corn-, mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from 1 he EaiT. Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough; and irom the Kail lend of Alar ham Lane to the Town of // all on, in the County of Northampton-, and from the Town of Bourne to the Town of Col ster worth; and from Bonington High Bridge to the Cross Poll in the Parish of Hacconby; and from the Euit End of a L>ne coiled Hale Drove, to and through the

Town

Quartering Soicirrs on lanholdcri.

Lincoln

H«h.

f»c. Road 1.

Account 6f Duty on Plate:

Katharine

Hall,

Cambridge,

Estatei.

Supplying

Mariners

ana

Seamen.

Kington

Roads.

5 3 2 18° Marti. 17 56.

Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long in the

Parish of Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln; was again re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Amendment, which was Yesterday read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, except One of them, which was disagreed to, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Mr. from the Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the grots and net Produce of the Duty on Silver wrought Plate, from 1720 to

Jummer 1755 inclusive ;. distinguislnngeach Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Mountagu;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Masterand Fellows of in the

University of Cambridge, to purchase, settle, and dispose of Tenements and Grounds for the making and erecting an additional Building to their College or Hall, for the Reception and Maintenance of Six Fellows and Ten Scholars, founded by the Will of Mary Ramsden deceased; and for impowering any Corporations within the said University to sell and convey other Lands and Tenements for that and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels.

Ordered, That Mr. Clevland do carry the Bill to the Lord , and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of , in the County of

Hereford, through the Welsh Hall , as far as the same County extends; and from Kington to Brilleys Mountain; and from Kington, through Bp, to; and

from Kington, through Spond, to Woil on, and

through the Holmes Marsh to Almely; and from Kington, through the Parishes of Lions Hall, and

Norton, to Eckleys Green; and from Kington, through the Parishes of Lions Hall and Pembridge, to Eardisland; and from Kington, through Lit ley and under the

Side of Wapley Hill, to Staple; and from Kington

through Liens Hall, to Knoakes Bridge, and from thence

to Milton House, in the said County of Herefordwas read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 27. To leave out" is and

Pr. 31. L. 7. To leave out " (lie."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the ltoads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hall Lane, as far as the same County extends; and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid to Brilleys Mountain; to Eardefley; to Almely, to Eckley's Green; to Eardisland-, to Staple Bar i and to Milton House, in the said County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Sir John Morgan do carry the Bill' to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to diflolvc the Marriage of Richard Glover with Hannah Nunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Martin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Cards and Dice: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Clevland presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Dock Pound, through Plymouth, Earl, and

Ridgway, to Brent Bridge; and from a Place called , through Colnbrook, to Harry Cross; and from Crini-

ble Passage, through Plymouth, and from Or eft on Passage, through Plymouth, to a Place called the Common, in the Parish of Saint Bttdeaux, in the County of and to

the Passage leading to Saltafhin the County of Cornwall And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. George, St. John Wapping, St. Paul Shadwell, and the Hamlet of Rntcliff'e, in the County of ana

the Precinct of W ellCiofe, in the Royalty of the Tozver of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said several Places, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill, depending in the House, for regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and better enlightening and cleansing the Streets, and other Places and Passages, and repairing the Highways, within the said several Places; and alleging, that if Provision was made for, the better paving the Streets, and other Places and Passages, within the said Parishes, Hamlet, and Precinct, the same would lie ot great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said several Places, and the Public: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir IViliiamBeauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Charlton, Mr. FeHowes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Clevland, Sir John CroJJ'e, Mr. Alderman Diek'tnfon, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Gy boon, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Bay ti-

tan, Mr. Martin, Mr. Northey, Mr. Mabbot, Mr. Medly-cott, Mr. Willy, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. More, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Hume, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr. Leveson

Gower, Lord Per my, Mr. A foMr. Mr.

Rebow, Lord Downe, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Powuey,

Mr.

Glover*!

Divorce,

Supply Bill Cards and Dice,

Plymouth

Koadi.

W*ppi*g

Screen

Fines on

Juries neglecting to attend.

Appointing;

Constables

in

Westminster,

Qualifying for Offices, &c.

Auerica; Governing bhip59 &c. by Sea.

Karl Burlington and Cork’s

Will.

Warthill

laclosure.

29 Geo. II. 18 — 1 g 533

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Mr, Yewnshend,

Mf. Walpole, Mr. Trifle, Mr, Affleck, Mr, Mr.

Selwyn, Mr. Olmius; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Norfolk, Cambridge, Hereford, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read; 1

Resolved, That this f Joufe will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Rill to impower Judges of Courts of Record in Cities and Towns Cdrporafe to let Fines on Persons, who shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and shall neglect to attend.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and to compel proper Persons to

take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances within the said City and Liberty, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted toqualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Resolved,-That that this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Act of the 22d Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

F eneris, 190 Mart it;

Anno 29" Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756. Prayers.

MR. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will of the Right honourable Richard late Earl of Burlington and Cork, deceased. Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the undivided Parts of the several common Fields in the Townlliip of Warthill, in the County of York, and for giving Compensations to the Rector of Holtby in the same County, and the Vicar of Warthillaforesaid, in lieu of Tythes and certain ecclesiastical Dues, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di-Vol. 27.

redted him to report do the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 29. After " Lands," insert " late

Pr. ii. L. 13. After " Equity," insert " and the said ".Register, or his Deputy, shall be allowed no more for " the making and signing any such Copy than Two Pence " a Sheet, each Sheet to contain Seventy-two Words;

and the said.Register, or his Deputy, shall permit any " Person or Persons, at any time or times within the " fice Hours of Attendance, to peruse or inspect the Inrollment of the said Award at the said public Office, " paying to the said Regilier, or his Deputy, for every " such Perusal or Inspection, One Shilling, and no-more:"

Pr. 15. L. 25. After "appoint," insert Clauses (A) and(B).

(A) " And it is hereby further enacted, That the " tufting Commissioners, or the major Part of thetn, shall " and may, and they are hereby authorized and impow-' " ered to set out and appoint all such public and private " Ways and Roads, Ditches, Fences, Drains, Bridges, " Gates, and Stiles, as they shall think necessary and convenient, in, over, and upon, the said Lands, so intended " to be inclosed as aforesaid, lb as all such public Highways or Roads, lb to be set out, be of the Breadth of " Forty Feet at the least between, and exclusive of, the " Ditches; and to order, award, and adjudge by whom, " and in what manner, all the said Roads and Ways, " Ditches, Fences, Drains, Bridges, Gates, and Stiles, " shall respectively be made, and thereafter, from time to " time, be repaired, maintained* and kept in Repair;

and allb to divide and alter the Course of any of the " Springs, Streams, or Currents of Water, within any " Part of the said Fields, lo appointed to be inclosed, for " the conveying of Water to or for the Benefit of the " several Allotments lb to be made."

(B) " And it is hereby further Enabled, That after the " said Highways and Roads shall be set out as aforesaid, " it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, on Foot " or on Horseback, or with any Beall, Cart, or other " Carriage, to use any other Way in or over the said " Fields, but such Highways and Roads as shall be lb ascertained, laid out, and appointed, as aforesaid."

Pr. 17. L. 25. After " therefrom," insert Clause(C).

(C) " And it is hereby further enacted and declared, " That, in all future Rates, Levies, and Assessments, to " be made in the said Township of Warthill, all and every " Lands or Grounds, yearly Sum and Sums, to be allotted " or paid in lieu of any Tythes, shall be assessed after the " same Rate as other Lands in the said Township shall " be assessed at."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The House being informed, That Mr. Poirier, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. A Lift of the European and African Servants employed in repairing the Fort at Annamaboo, from December 31st, 1752, to the 31st of following.

N° 2. to 9. Eight Books, containing a particular Account of 36.2,076 is. 3 d.Charges Hated in Account to have incurred at Annamaboo, from December 31st, 1752, to 31st December following.

N° 10. A particular Account of the Disposal of the Cargoes lent on board the Sloop Africa, on Two Voyages to Gambia, to purchase Slaves for Annamaboo: Together with

Letter A, a Book of Trade kept by Captain fames Bruce at Cower and Yamamaroo:

B, a Book of Trade kept by Captain Walter Corbet at Cower:

6U C.

African

Company,

Leeds*

&c.

Roads.

Wye

Bridge at Hay.

Macleod’s

£lbrc».

534 r $ Mar til 1756.

C> Extract of a Letter from the Governor and Council at James Fort in the River Gambia.

N® 11 Extract of Letters, and an Account) signed ! Thomas Melvil, shewing the Quantity of Slaves delivered at Cape Coajl Castle-, together with a Certificate of the

Death of Three Slaves at Gambia.

N® 1 a. Copies of Bills of Lading for Merchandize, Provisions, and Stores, shipped on board the Ships Terrible, New Parham, Dolphin, Bafnett, and Spencer Frigate, with Receipts from the proper Officers in Africa of their having received those sent by the Spencer

Frigate, and New Parham.

N° 1 p Copy of Entries in the Journal kept at Cape Coajl Castle, and sent to the Committee, by the proper Officer there, shewing the Receipt of the Merchandize, Provisions, and Stores, shipped on board the Ships

rible, Earl of Halifax, Albinia, New , Dolphin,

and Robert.

N° 14. Copy of the Invoices of Merchandize, Provisions, and Stores, shipped by the Committee on board the Ships Terrible, Earl of Halifax* Albinia, New Parham,'

Dolphin, Robert, Bajfnett, and Spencer Frigate.

N® 15.. Copies of all Orders and Regulations made by the Committee, from the ift January 1754, to the ift January 1755, relating to the Forts and Settlements in Africa, and the Government of their Officers and Servants employed therein.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lilt was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 25th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town 0 ( Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrowgate, and from thence in Two Branches, one through Ripley over Bur age Green, and' the other through Knaresborough and to

Ripon. and from thence to the first Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of Harrowgate, and from thence in Two Branches, one through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through Knaresborough and to

Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; and for repairing the Sloughs or Ruts on the said Moor.

Ordered, That Sir Conyers D’Arcy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for Building a Bridge across the River Wye from the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Radnor, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wye from the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, to the opposite Shore in the County of Radnor.

Ordered, That the Lord Bateman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for veiling certain Adjudications, now vested in the Crown by tire Attainder of Alexander Mackenzie of Fraferdale, in Hugh of Genies, El-

quire, was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Adjudications, now veiled in

the Crown by the Conviction or Attainder of Alexander Mackenzie of Fraferdale, in Hugh McLeod of Esquire.

Ordered, That Colonel Haldane do carry the Bill tb the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barnard reported from the Committee, to Darlineton

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers grant- KoaA' ed by an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the high Road leading from ton, in the County of Durham, to Auckland, and le-

veralother Roads in the said County, therein mentioned; and for the effectual amending the same; was committed)

That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders,

Farmers, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, within the Hundred or DistriftofCleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all other the Inha* bitants within the said District, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they haddireded him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting Coal Carriages that have paid Toll, going empty, from paying again as they return loaden.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Mountagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord veiling the capital Messuage of Halft, and divers Lands Vet’*

in Kent, ’Part of the settled Estate of Fere Lord Fere, in £li‘u'-' Trustees, to be conveyed to Robert Bagfhaw Esquire, the Purchaser rheieof, pursuant to Articles, and for settling another Estate in the County of of greater

Value, in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingossed Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Philipps, according to Order, reported from Appointing the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, VeiK for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the miufta, it, Service of the City and Liberty of and to

compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances within the said City and Liberty, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to E.i.1 of enable John Earl of Sandwich, George Earl of Cholmon- Sancwich deley, and JVelboreEllis Esquire, to take, in Great Britain,

the

29 Geo. II.

19’ Martit.

535

D.V-.,

H*

Doty Silver Fl»

W

Vet;

h-

America; Regulating the Army*

Red House near 2>oacaster Road*

the Oath of OfEce, as Vrice Treasurer and Receiver General, and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of and to qualify them-

solves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Har-dinge.Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. , Mr.

Lord Barrington, Mr. Stoper, Mr. Mr. Frederick, Mr. M'Kenzie, Lord Hobart, Marquis of Granby,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Nesbit, Lord Mr. Grenville,

Mr. Rigby, Lord Barnard, Mr. Mr. West,

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Yorkc, Lord Dowite, Lord F.gmont, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fanshaw, Lord Vcrney, Sir James Creed, Mr. Herbert, Dr. Hay, Mr. Scott, Colonel Lefiie, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lord

borough, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Martin, Mr. Colebrooke, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Digby, Lord Bateman, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Jmyand, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Sir Francis' Poole, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Finch, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr Hume, Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaunt,’ Mr. Watson Mr. Hervey, Sir John Turner, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Procter, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Powell, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Talbot, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Monjun, Mr. And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed. That One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have been informed, that a Bill hath been brought into this House, pursuant to the Resolution of the Third Day of this instant March, for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money, to be paid by every Person or Body Corporate having Thirty Ounces of Silver Plate, and upwards; and that the Petitioners humbly presume, by a most respectful Application to this House, to express their Concern, that the Burthen of inland Duties, already imposed on almost every Branch of Trade, however cheerfully borne, is feverelyfelt; and that the subjecting all Persons whatsoever, having Silver Plate in their private Houses, to the Information of their Servants, and dissolute Persons, and bringing them under the Laws of Excise, will be insupportable, and render the Liberty and Property of the Subject very precarious: And therefore praying, That so much of the said Bill, as tends to levying of Penalties under the Power of Commissioners of Excise, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the better recruiting his Majesty’s Forces in North America, and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Amyand, Mr. Mr. Jones,

Mr. Ingram, Mr. Hewett, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bod-ville, Mr. Butler, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red House, near Done after, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by

Vol. 27.

Supplying Edinburgh City with Water,

Militia]

Laws,

High Town, and Lightclife, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to PontefraEt, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Township of Henfall, and from PontefraSl to in the

Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed.

A Petition ol Thomas Trotter of Attorney, and Factor of Henry Trotter of Morton Hall, in the Shire of Edinburgh, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill, depending in the House, for the better supplying the City of Edinburgh with fresh and wholfcme Water; and alleging. That, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will greatly prejudice the Interest and Estate of the said Henry Trotter in that Neighbourhood; and that the said Henry Trotter is now beyond Sea: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by Ills Counsel, or otherwise, again!! the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, Thkt the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Innholders and other Public House Keepers in the Town of Stones, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; representing the Hardships which the Petitioners allege they labour under,- from the great Number of Troops that are quartered upon them: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration; and afford them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the Hardships of Innholders, and other Public House Keepers, in the Counties of Essex, Kent, and Surrey, and in the City of Canterbury, from the late Quartering of extraordinary Numbers of Officers and Soldiers upon them, which the present Exigency has rendered unavoidable.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who are Member* in and about the Town, do attend the Service of the to attend House upon Thursday Morning next. the House*

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- vVayi ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Quartering Soldiers on Innholders*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, upon the Bill to impower Judges of the Courts of Record in Cities and Towns Corporate to set Fines on Persons, who shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and shall neglect so attend.

Resolved, [That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whose House upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

And

Supply.

Fines on Juries

neglecting Co attend.

Qualifying for Offices, &c.

Bonnet’s , Nat.

Ewloe,

&c.

Road.

JJipon, & c. Road.

Quartering

Soldiers

on

Innholders.

53$. 19° — 220 Martii. , 1756.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lien#, ?2° die Mar tii;

of Efflex, Kent, and Surrey, and in the City of Canterbury,

from the late Quartering of extraordinary Numbers of Officers and Soldiers upon them, which the present Exigency has rendered unavoidable. That they do report their Opinion to the House, upon the several Petitions which have been referred to the said Committee.

Anno 290 Georgii IP* Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter was read a Second

time. ' 1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynajon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lyjler, Sir John Cnjl, Sir John,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Mr. Berke-

ley, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Charlton, Mr.. Walter, Mr. OJbaldeston, Lord Strange, Mr.

Mr. Coventry, Sir Charles MMr. Palmer, Mr. Gore, Col. Haldane, Mr. More, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Webb, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Trifle, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Onslow, Mr Pitt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mr. Cal-

vert, Mr. Lends, Mr. Mcdlycott, Lord Doivne, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Lord

Mr. Cut:/iffSir Wm. Beauchamp Proffor, Mr. Martin, Mr. 0Indus, Mr. Rcbow, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr.

Sclzvyn, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Digby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Charfiber.

1 \

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in or near the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury through Ellejmere, in the County of Salop, and Overton, in the County of to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and likewise to repair and widen several Roads leading from the above-mentioned Roads; and allb the Road from Wrexham aforesaid to and

from thence to Ewloe m Hawardin Parish, in the County of Flint; and setting forth, That the Road from to Bretton, through which Town lies the Road from r to Ewloe, is very ruinous, and in several Places very narrow, and cannot be cfftftually repaired and widened by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fuleration of the Committee to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other the Inhabitants of the County of is referred: And that

they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Lord Dowue reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the high Road from the Borough of Rtpon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pately Bridge, in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fe-veralAmendmen ts thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there-uj)on, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of the Hardships of Innholders, and other Public House Keepers, in the Counties 20

The House was moved, That the Petition of the royal Boroughs of Scotland, in behalf of themselves, and many others of his Majesty’s industrious Subjects, which was. presented to the House upon Saturday the Seventeenth Day of January last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ccn-flderatian of a Committee: And that they do examine, and Rate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Oswald, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Mr. Mr.

Ostflow, Mr. Martin, Sir John Glynne, Mr. More, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Gore, Lord Carysfort, Mr. , Mr.

Prozvfe, Mr. Mcnjon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Philipps, Mr. -inge, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. West, Mr. Mr. Talbot,

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Alderman BakSir Charles Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Olmius, Lord Parker, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Protlor, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Dicker, Sir John Cujl, Mr. P Mr. , Mr.

Powney, Mr. More ton, Mr. Frederick, Lord Verney, Mr. Smith, Mr. Le/lie, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gower, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Mr. Tho-

mas Gore, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Symmons, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Sloper, General Onjloiu; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papeis, and Records.

1

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Trevor Charles Roper and Henry Roper, who. are both Infants, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase-money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Monfonreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the North End of Dunfby Lane, in the County of Lincoln, over Lincoln Heath, to and through the City of Lincoln, and the Bail and Close of Lincoln, to the South West Corner of Rifeholm Hedge, and to Carholm Gate, in the said City; and from Carholm Gate, over Saxleby Bridge, to Drindfey Nooke, and from thence to Dunham and Little-burgh Ferries; and from the North End of Waddington Field, and from the Bridge over the River Wytham at Bracebridge, unto the said City; and from the Gate at the Foot of Canwicke Hill, by the Little Bar Gates, to the Great Bar Gates of the said City; and for enforcing the Performance of Statute-work upon the Highways communicating with the said Roads, to a certain Distance from the said Roads; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Hrrr

FiU:,

Dunffjy,

kc.

Roads.

A Member takes Oaths.

Duuibv,

6cv.

Hoads.

l^cavc of Ableucc,

Ditto.

CoInn$

and

Carl ford Poor.

Tin well inclosure.

J)erbv,

&c.

Hoads.

29 Geo. II. 22 0 Martii.537

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Ilefidue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, except One of them, which was disagreed to, were agreed to, by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir John Cust, have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew have Leave to

go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneh and in the

Crunty of Suffolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward Vernon, Mr. Gyhbon, Mr. Cooke, Sir Beauchamp

Proctor, Mr. OJlaUefton, Mr. Grove, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Sir

Wm. Owen, Mr. Olmtus, Mr. , Dr. Hay, Mr.

Lv/ter, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Morjon, Mr. Yorke, Colonel Sir

worth, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. llrwctt, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Barrow, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Sir Richard L/ovd, Mr. Fel.'owes, Mr. Row-ttey, Mr. Thurshy, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Powney, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cartwright, Mr Geo. Grenville, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. cot, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Cust, Mr. Har-dinge. Lord Carysfort. Mr. Mackivorih, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Chauncey Tozvnfliend, Mr. Sir

Sir Wm, Calvert, Mr. Smith. Mr. Reynolds, Mr.

Mr. Bozves, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Robinson, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Walpole-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Cartzvright reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inciofing and dividing 'Tinwell Fields, in the County of Rutland, and forfettlinga Stipend on the Rector, in lieu of Glebe and Tythes, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hcfford and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Dtffield and in the

Vol. 27.

County of Derby, to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York ;and from the said Town of to the Moot

Hall in the Town of Wirksworth, in the said County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Poole, in t he County of gomery, to Wrexham, in the County of Daily; and also the Road from Knockin, intlie County of to in Mochnanl, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for changing and altering Two several Roads directed to be amended and widened by an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Town and County of Poole-, and also of Ballad and Boomage Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into, and going out of, the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, und the Quays and Wharfs; and for providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establishing and regulating the nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets, in the said Town; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucester towards Cheltenham And Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, without any Amendment.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the undivided Parts of the several common Fieldsin the Townshipof/^W/;///, in the County of York, and for giving Compensations to the Rector of Holtby, in the same County, and the Vicar of Wart-

hillaforesaid, in lieu of Tythes and certain ecclesiastkal Dues, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaflondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

A Complaint being made to the House, That.Mr. bert Douglass, a Solicitor employed in carrying on an Application now depending before the House, had been arrested, and now remains in Custody:

And a Witness being examined, in order to prove that the said Mr. Gilbert Douglass, was lb employed, and had been arrested in coming to the House.

Ordered, That the Privilege of this House be allowed to the said Mr. Gilbert Douglass-, and that he bedischarged from his Arrest.

A Bill to obviate a Doubt arisen on an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord,

Dr. Hay, Mr. Fazakcrley, Mr. Gere, Mr. Reynolds, Mr.

More, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sir,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Northey, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Onflozv, Sir Roger Neivdigate, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Olrnius, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gyhbon, Sir Wm Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mr.

Charlton, Mr- Lv/ter, Mr. HaMr. Kynaston, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Wi!Mr. Mr.

Dicker, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Colictcn, Mr.

Poole

Road.

Truro

Roadi.

Poole

Harbour.

Gloucester,

&c.

Road

Wart hill luclosure.

Privilege allowed to a Solicitor of the House.

Insolvent

Dtbiori.

British Subjects not to serve foreign Slates,

Elections of Kni;ht* of Shires*

Supply Bill; Silver Plate*

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Committees

Lord

Vere’s

Ellate.

'ii'-i'S0 Martii. A. 1756.

GaJJny, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Mar ton, Mr. Cope,

Mr. John Yorke, General , Mr. , Sir

Henry Er/kine, Mr. Powell, Mr. Mr. M'Kenzie,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Recorder of London, Mr. Mr. Sargent, Lord

Dozvnc, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are for meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill to prevent his Majesty’s Subjects from serving as Officers or Soldiers, under any foreign Prince or States, without his Majesty’s Licence, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arise concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire toferre in Parliament for that Part et Great Britain called England-, and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire: And that Sir Joh Philipps, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lane, and Mr. Powney, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons and Bodies Politic, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, was, according co Order, read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j:

245-

Tellers for the Noes, } I«2*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toa Committeeof the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Cope, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hei'jctt, Mr.

Colebrooke, Mr. Kyuq(Ion, Mr. Remolds, Mr. More, Mr. Hume, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gibbons, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Carysfort, Mr. 7'orke, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Walter, Mr Martin, Mr. , Mr. Lane, Mr.

MKenzie, Mr. Harrison, Mr. , Mr. Alexander, Mr.

Dicker, Mr. Ohnius, Mr. Pitt, Earl of Upper Offory, Mr.

Watson, Lord Egmont, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir IVm. Beauchamp ProHor, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Trifle, Mr. Powell, Mr. , Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Townshend’, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members who feive for the Counties of Middlesex, Kent, Surrey, and Sussex: and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of Thomas Folltot Baugh El-quire, in the Counry of Hereford; and for settling another Estate of greater Value, to the Uses of his Grandfather’s Will, and his Own Marriage Settlement, respectively j was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fellowes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Prozcfe, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Adore, Mr. Mr. Cope, Mr.

Poxvney, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Lyjhr, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proeior, Mr. Lifler, M r. Cooke, Mr.

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Weilya/ing, Mr. Martin, Sir J:

o‘:n

Philipps, Mr. Finch, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Grove, Mr-.

Clevland, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Gajby, Mr. Mr. Graf-

ter, Mr. Symmons, Mr. ilrcfjey, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Triple, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. West, Mr. Non hey, Mr. Rowney, Mr. ton. Lord Register of Scotland, Lord Parker, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Henry Finch, Mr. Gibbons, Mr.

Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Robert Long, Mi. Mr.

Sandys, Coionel Leslie, Mr. Bond, Mr. Hunt, Lord Ver-ney, Mr. Mvddlelon, Lord Upper OJJory; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of and

Worcester, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn irg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 23" dMartii;

Anno ztf Georgii IIdl llegis, 1756.

Prayers.

ORDERED, Tint all Committees be revived.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Capital Messuage of and divers

Lands, in Lent, Part of the f.uied Ellate ot Vere Lord

Fere, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Robert Ef-

quire, the Purchaser thereof, pursuant to Articles, and for settling another Ellate in the County of sex, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of the Estates of Ralph , El-quire, deceased, in the Counties of Northampton and Cambridge, ior dilc'nargir.g the Incumbrances aiieeting the fame; and for applying Part of the personal Estate of Elizabeth Lane his Wite, deceased, in the Purchaseot the Carnot idgelhireEllate, to be settled pursuant toher Will;

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be committed to Mr. Geo. -Jlo ivy Mr. Sanays, Mr Hunter, Mr. Ilewstt, Mr. Cart> zvright, Mr. Cocks, Mr. More, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Cybbons, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Probyn, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Keck, Mr. Freeman* Mr. Mor* rice, Mr. % Bridgman* Mr. t Amcotts, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Cope, Mr. Fellowes* Colonel Honey-wood* Mr. Hunt, Mr. Martin, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir P.oger Newdtgate, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ponton, Mr Colebrooke, Mr. Powell, Mr. Prozcfe, Sir Wm. Co-dfington, Mr. Hummer, Mr. Rice, Mr. Lvfter% Sir Thomas Palmer, Mi. Hill, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Pro id or, Mr. hayntnn, Mr. Trifle, Mr. Walpole, Sir Charles Kerry s Tynte, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. *Wilier, Sir John Cvfl, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Colleton, Sir IVlilenghby Act on, Mr. City ton, Mr. ILiubury, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mfollyneux, Mr. //' eft filing, Mr. I Valter, Sir, Robert Hildyard, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mackworth, Lord Egmont, Sir Armine Wcdehouse; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Cambridge, Oxford, Bucks, Hunting* don, Bedford, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Af-14 ~ terngoa

Si Ugh’1

ElUld.

Lanr's

Ellaits.

Riley’*

Tapping

Street*.

Brumpton High Lane. Road.

Geo. IL 23"

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing and impowering John Riley, and his Iti'ue, to take and ule the Surname of Wheeheriglit, inllcad of the Surname of Riley, was read a Second time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Sandyr, Mr. Edict, Sir IVhi. Beauchamp Prector, Mr. Marl in, Mr. IVhichcot, Mr. Ycrke, Mr. Reynolds i Mr. Shelley, Mr. li'ilkinjbn, Mr. Gy then, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mere, Sir Robert HitdyarJ, Sir James Creed, Mr. Ky naff on, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bond, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Cole-brooke, Mr. A my and, Mr. Fe Lowes, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Roxvney, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Gafnry, Mr. M'Kenzie, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Probyn, Mr, Powell, Colonel A'Court, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Chetwyndi Mr. Martin, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Sehtyn, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Craven, Mr. Fane, Mr. IVtjJlfahng; and all the Members w’lu. lerve for the Counties ot Nottingham, York, and Lincoln: And they are to

meet this Auernoon at Five of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Marti 559

time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to teveral of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to inv power the Trustees to discharge Carriages or Cattle going for, or returning loadvn with, Coal or other Fuel, from paying Toll, and to charge them again if found- necef* iary.

And the fakl Clause was twice read, with Blanks \ winch being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Quel-rion put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Parr of the Bilk And teveral Amendments wer: made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty Supply Bill'* on Cards and Dice, was read a Second time. Cards

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed. ^lcc*

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to* a Committed of the whole House.

Rejohed, That this Bouse will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Parish of

St. Ann, in the County of Middlesex, whote Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Paiiih, was prefen ted ro the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill, depending in the House, for regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and better enlightening and cleansing the Streets, and other Places and Railages, and repairing the Highways, within the Parishes or Saint George, St. John Wapping, St. Paul S ha dwell, and the Hamlet of Rai cliff e, in the County of Middlesex, and the Precinct of Well Cloje, in the Royalty of the Tower of London: And alleging That if Provision was made, in the said Bill, for regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and better enlightening and cle mling the Streets, and other Places. and repairing the Highways, and for the better and more effectual paving the Streets, and other Peaces and Passages, W'ithin t!ie fair! Parish of St. Ann, it would be of meat

' r«

Advantage: And therefore praying,'Unit such Protfifion may be made accordingly in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Corn-fiderarion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. George, St. John Wap ping, St. Paul Shadwell, and the Hamlet of RatcPTe, in the County of Middlesex, and the Preoinft ot Well Cloje, in the Royal y of the Tower of London, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of i hemfflves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the Lid several Places, is referred: And that they doexamine the Matter of this Petition; and report the tame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

S.r Conyers D'Arcy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and making more effectual an Act, passed in the 24th Year of the lteign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brumpton High Lane, in the County of York, to the'1 own of Richmond, and from thence to and thr 11J1 the Towns of AJkrigg and Ingle ton, in the said County, to the Town of Lancajicr, in the County of Lancaster; and a’so for repairing the Road leading from Richmond aforesaid, through GH/Cg, Meljorby, and A tiara*'gh, to Lucy, o:her\vi(c Loijy Crops, and horn Gibing, through Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gathehtey Moor; was commuted. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee I ad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments theaunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, mat the Clerk’s Table: Yv here the Amendments were once read throughout; and thou a Second

VOL. 27.

Mr. Charlton prefenred to the House, according to Suoply Bills Order, a Bill lor granting to his Majesty a Duly upon 1^r,ce Licences for retailing Beer and Ale, and other ex-cilcable u Liquors: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary Fox acquainted the House, That he had Meffrge a Message fn m his Majesty to this House, signed by his Majesty; and he prefen ted the same to the House: And HoihffDe. it was read by Mr. Speaker, all the Members of the'

House being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz. France

GEORGE ft.

Mis Majesty has received repeated Advices from different Places and Persons, that a Design has been formed by the French Court to make a Hostiic Invafton upon Great Britain or Ireland; and the great Preparations of Land Forces, Ships, Artillery, and warlike Stores, now notofiously making in the Ports of France, opposite to the British Coasts together with the Language held by the French Ministers in some foreign Courts, leave little Room to doubt of the Reality of such a Design; his Majesty has therefore judged it necessary to acquaint the House of Commons with Intelligence of such high Importance to the Safety and Well-being of these Nations; and at the same time to inform them, that, in pursuance of the Advice and Atuirances of Ins Parliament, he has augmented his Forces by Sea and Land, and taken proper Measures and Precautions for putting hi- Kingdoms in a Postureof -Deft mce against so unjult anddelperate an Kntcrprize, pro-jested in Revenge fur those just and necessary Measures which have been taken for maintaining the Rights and Possessi ons ol his Crown and Subjects in North America:

That in order further to strengthen himselff his Majesty has made a Requisition of a Body of Hejian Troops, pursuant to the Treaty lately made with the Landgrave of HeJJe CaJJel, to be forthwith brought over hither, for which Purpnie Transports are ordered: His Majesty, trulling in the Divine Protection, and in the gcod Afteft ions, Zeal, and Fidelity, of his People, which he has so often experienced, is determined to neglect no means of Defence, but to exert all the Force which God leas put into his 1 lands, to repel so daring an Attempt; and his Ma’ctly doubts not that he wilt be enabled and supported by Ins faithful Commons in taking all such Measurcs as may be conducive to an End so essential to the Honour of his Crown, the Preservation of the Protestant Religion, and the Laws and Liberties of thclc Kingdoms.

G. ft.

Rslohed, Newine contradicente. That an humble Ad-drest be patented to his Majesty, to return the Thanks

of

Paddington New Hoad.

Ditto.

540 23 9 Mar tit.A. 1756.

of this House to his Majesty for his most gracious Message to this House; to allure his Majesty, that this House, truly sensible of the Justice of the Measures taken by his Majesty in Defence of the Rights and Possessions of his Crown, will, to the utmost of their Power, enable his Majesty to refill the invasion with which this Kingdom is now threatened; to express our 1 hankfulrteis to his Majesty for the Increase of his Forces by Sea and Land, and for the Requisition made of the Troops of the Landgrave of HeJJ’e CaJJel, pursuant to Treaty; and to desire

his Majesty to augment his Forces in Ireland, if be thinks fit.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Counsel.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to H Gatehoujeand -

field, and from St. Giles's Pound to Bridge, in

the County of Middlesex, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at IJlingt, to the Edgware Road near Paddington; and also from the North End of Portland Street, cross the Farthing Pye-house Fields, into the said new Road; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts for repairing the said Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge; was committed, be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of several Creditors for considerable Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit of an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex; and an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said first-mentioned Act; and of several of the Trustees under the said Acts, and also of several Landholders, in the Parishes of IVilJden, A don, Perryfield, Greenford, and North Holt, in the said County of Middlesex, he. travelling the said Road; was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Sum of ,£.4,500, has been borrowed, and is Hill owing, on the Credit of the said Acts; and that the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts are still in a bad Condition, and require large Sums to be laid out to put the same into good Repair; and that’ if the Bill, depending in the House, to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatand , and

from St. Giles’s Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgzvare Road near Paddington; and also from the North End of Portland Street, cross the Farthing Pie houseFields, into the said new Road; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted; by Two several Acts for repairing the said Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge-, pass into a Law, the Security of such of the Petitioners as are Creditors will be greatly Icffened; and that the Tolls collected under the said Acts will not be sufficient to keep the said Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge in Repair, in regard the Tolls collected under the said Acts are, by the said Bill, subjected to the making and keeping in Repair such Parts of the said new Road as leads from the West End of I fairy Lane, near Paddington, to ’Tottenham Court-, and from the North End of Great Portland Street, near dish Square, cross the Farthing Fields: And

therefore praying, That the Monies necessary, to be raised for the making the before-mentioned Parts of the said new Road, may be charged on the Tolls which shall be there collected, and that no Part thereof be charged on the Tolls collected under the said Acts; or that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as is before-mentioned,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said 2+

Bill was committed: and that the Petitioners be then heard by themselves, or their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out all the Words therein, after the Word " Table

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left our Hand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

*5-

24.

Tellers fortlw Noes. {

So it pasted in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Creditors for considerable Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit ot an Act, pasted in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from S/. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex-, and an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said first-mentioned Act; and of thejeveral Trustees under the said Acts, and of several Landholders in the Parishes of Harrow, Hendon, Edge-ware, Kingsbury, and Little Staunt ore, in the said County of Middlesex, travelling the said Roads; was presented

to the House, and read; containing the feme Allegations and Prayer as those contained in the preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of and

Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of foreign raw Linen Yarns made with Flax without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestry, of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said Parish, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, pasted in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge, and from thence, by Melderston Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham; and for making the same more effectual, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Farringdon, in the County of , to the Town of Cricklade, and from thence to the Town of bury, in the County of Wilts-, and the Road from thence to join the Turnpike Road at Act on in the County of Gloucester; and also the Road from Tetbury in

the said County, through Malmsbury, aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge; and the Road from to join the

Turnpike Road leading from Tetbury to Bath-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act forcompleting and finishinga new Church, and laying out and inclosing a Cemetery thereto, in the land, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church

Padding'on New Road.

Linea

Manufacture.

Kensington

Parochial

Rates.

Bowes,

tie.

Roads.

- i of hit.

I:.;,

Farrington

&c.

Road.

bf: 0: l-rio

ten

Portland

Island

Church.

*‘ir<

'Oitt

, Manors' Lease from the Dean, See. of Westminster.

29 Geo. II. 123° — 240

of 57. Peter, at Westminster, zx^i their Successors, to make and grant unto James Nlallors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces ot Ground, Meiiiiages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits, for a longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant, without any Amendment: And also, ijngW* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act flame. to enable James Leigh Esquire, now called James Perrot, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Perrot, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Perrot Esquire, deceased, without any Amendment: And also,

Gregor’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to EtUie. impowerSir John Molesworth Baronet, and Joseph Moyle Esquire, Two of the lurvivirg Trustees in an Indenture dated the 25th Day of December 1743, to raise the several Sums in the said Indenture mentioned, or Inch of them as are ftiil unsatisfied, and pay the same, as well as the re It: of the personal Estate of Hugh Gregor, deceased, to such

Person as Jane Gregor, an Infant, shall marry during her Infancy, with the Conient of the said survivingTruftces, and of her Guardians: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of thib House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingrossed bill was read the Firfi: time.

JRcfolved, That the Biii.be read a Second time.

Supping The Ho use was moved, That the Petition of Thomas Trotter, of* Attorney and Fa ft or o! Henry Trotter, of ith Water. Morton Hall, in the Shire ot Edingburgh, Esquire, whic h was presented to the House upon*Friday L*.ft, and then ordered to lie upon the Table till the Report should be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better supplying the City of Edinburgh with t re 111 and wholsome Water, was committed, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered. 'That the Petitioner be heard by his Counsel, upon h:s laid Petition, il he £1 jail think lit, when the Report shall be received from the Committee, to whom the Raid Bill is committed.

And the House being informed, That the said Report is ready to be made, when me House will please to receive the same;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Call of the Ordered, That tin Call of the House be further ad-

House. journed till this Day Fortnight.

America; Governing Ships, & c. by Sea.

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itied into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Act of the 22d Year of his present Majesty, fur amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to fuel' Officer , Seamen, and others, as shall lerve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America.

Fines on Refohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Juries resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon to^artmtS ^ie Bill iropower judges of Courts of Record in Cities

and Towns Corporate to let Fines on Persons who shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and shall neglect to attend.

Qualifying Refohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

for Offices, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 27.

Mercurii, 24" Martii

Anno 290 Georgii lldl Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Mailer and Fellows of Katherine Hal!, in the University ot Cambridge, to purchase, settle, and dispose of, Tenements and Grounds for the making and erecting an additional Building to their College or Hall, for the Reception and Maintenance or S:>: Fellows and Fen Scholars, founded by ti;e Y\ ill of Mary Ramsden, deceased; and for impowering aigv Corporation- within the said University to fell and c nvey other Lands and Tenements for that and other Purpoks in the said Act mentioned; was read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be*read a Second time.

Lt 1

I' , o )

tltalwl.

Mr. Digby presented to the House, according to Order, White Shcut a Bill forexplaining, amending, and making moreePftftual, Hill

an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing

and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet IP;!, in the Parish of Donhcad St. Andrew, in the County of IVids, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, A Hi borne Peri, and Sherborne, in the Cmntics ot Dorset and Sanerfei, to the Half IVav House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lo zver Compton, in the said County of Dorset; and several other Roads near the Towns of Shafte/hur; and Slier- borne aforesaid; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Bateman reported from the Committee, to lA.rouU whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An or Act for providing a Maintenance for the Marquis of Ehtuhord’*

Bland ford during the Life of his Father the Duke’or " 1.....iarKf*

Marlborough', and fbrrebuilding the laid Duke’s House at Langley, in the County of Bucks', and for purchasing' in, and making void, divers Leaks granted by the said Duke, inTruft for his younger Children; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and i hat the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s 'Fable.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whom Enrl of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Sandwich, enable John Earl of Sandwich. Georg-f’Earl or Cholmondeley, and IVe/bore Ellis Esquire, to lake, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office, as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to quality themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom £ui0cf the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, &c. Clergy, and other the Inhabitants, of the County of Flint; Road,

and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, living in or near the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint; were severally referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwaids delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as tolloweth; viz.

6 Y la

54* 24° Martii. 1756.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Thomas Griffith informed your Committee, That the several Roads mentioned in the Petitions are very ruinous and bad, and in many Places narrow, and dangerous for Passengers and Carriages, and, by the Laws now in Force, cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair.

Which Evidence was confirmed by a Member of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Roads from the Townof through Ellefn.ere, in

the County of Salop, and in the County of Flint,

to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and likewise to repair and widen several Hoads leading from the above-mentioned Roads; and also the Road from Wrexham aforesaid tb Chester, and from thence to Ewloe in din Parish, in the county of ; That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road from Ewloe aforesaid, through the Towns of Nortkop, Flint, and Hollywell, to want, in the

Parish of Whitford, and also the Road from Bretton to the Town of Mold, in the County of

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, to {0^e whom the Bill for enlarging and altering the Term and Stamford Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Road. Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, foreffedually amending and repairing tire Road leading from Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stamford, in the county of ; and for repairing

the Road from the Borough of Stamford to Stapleford Bridge, in the Parish of Rykall, in the County of -land, and from thence to Bourne, in the County of Lincoln', was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

FooT* The Lord Royjlonreported from the Committee, to

River whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen

Drainage. Lands in the ljle of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hardlands of Mepal,

Wentworth, Wilchford, Ely, Downham, and Littleport; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the limits aforesaid, and commonly called lnvested Lands; was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of Small Esquire (which was referred to the said Committee); and had heard the Petitioner by his Counl'el; and had heard Evidence in favour of the Bill, against the said Petition; and that no Person appeared before the Committee in behalf of the Petition of the Owners of a certain Tract of Land lying in a certain Fen called Westmore, in the Parish of Downham, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, lying, between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and Part of the Great Level of the Fens (referred also to the said Committee); and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except about One Fourth Part of the Proprietors both in Number and Value, and who had been informed of the said Bill; and that no other Person beside the Petitioner,

J5

who had been heard by his Counsel upon his Petition, appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill i and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

The Lord Hobart reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, to return the Thanks of this House to his Majesty for his most giacious Message to this House; to allure his Majesty, that this House, truly sensible of the Justice of the Measures taken by his Majesty in Defence of the Rights and Poliessions of his Crown, will, to the utmost of their Power, enable his Majesty to refill the Invasion with which this Kingdom is now threatened; to express ourThankfulness to his Majesty for the Increase of his Forces by Sea and Land, and for the Requisition made of the Troops of the Land grave of Hesse Cassel, pursuant to Treaty: and to desire

his Majesty to augment his Forces in Ireland, if he thinks fit; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

His Majesty thanks the House of Commons for their loyal and dutiful Address, and relies with an entire Confidence on their firm and effectual Support.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot the younger, Esquire, settled upon his Marriage, in Trustees, for raising a Sum of Money for discharging Debts and Incumbrances: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard Gough Aubrey Esquire, in the Counties of 1' eo: Glamorgan, and Carmarthen, in Trustees, to raise Money to discharge several Incumbrances affecting the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Macknizie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill forerefting, maintaining, and supporting, a Llghi-house in the Island of Little Cumray, in the County of Bute, at the Mouth of the River in North Britain;

and for rendering the Navigation in the Frith and River of Clyde more iafe and commodious; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report ro the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough; and from the East End of Mar ham Lane to the Town of Walton, in the county of ;

and

Answer to Addrefc ou Message from Kirgr-

T albot’s Eftare.

AuSrey’j

Estate.

Clyde River L’ght house.

Lincoln

Heath,

5cc.

Road.

r

Of) Geo. II. 24° Martii.

and ‘from the Town of Bourne to the Town of wort-h-, and from Donington Bridge the Cross

in the Parish of Hacconby; and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of was read the

Third time.

1 Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ! be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads lead-

ing from the East Side of Lincoltr Heath to the City of

f Peterborough -, and from the East End of Marham Lane

to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton-, and from the Town of Bourne to the Town of Colfter-worth-, and from Donington High Bridge to the Cross Post in the Parish of Hacconby; and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and t hrough the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Darlington An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, fur repairing the high Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to Auckland-, and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned j and for the effectual amending the same; was lead the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. L. 19. To leave out " his or." i And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

1 put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill

was amended at the fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the high Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to West Auckland; and several other Roads in the said County, therein mentioned j and for the effectual amending the same.

Ordered, That the Lord Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Earl An ingossed Bill from' the Lords, intituled, An Act; Burlington for making the Exemplification of the last Will of the

-gf right honourable Richard late Earl of Burlington and Cork, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity jn Great Britain and Ireland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the I Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

1 to the fame, without any Amendment.

JUmfgate Mr. Edward Vernon present.d to the House, according , Harbour. Order, a Bill for making a more safe and commodious Harbour at Ramsgate: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Wapping Sir William Beauchamp Profit* reported from the Com-Street*. j^ittee, to whom the Petition of the several Inhabitants , of the Parishes of St. George, St. John , St. Paul

j SJtadjvell, and the Hamlet of Bat cliffe, in the County of 1 Middlesex, and the Precinct of Well Close, in the Royalty

of the 'tower of London, whole Names are thereunto ftvbscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the inhabitants of the said several Places; andaifo the Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Am, to the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto fttbscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish; were severally referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the steport in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

543

Clerk’s Table.* Where the same was read 5 and is as followeth j viz.

In Support of the Allegations in the first-mentioned Petition,

John Raymond and John Shakespear Esquires, being severally examined, said, That if Provision was made for paving the Streets and Passages in the Places mentioned in the said Petition, the same would be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the several Places, and to the Public in general.

And, in Support of the second Petition,

Mr. James Spagg, being examined, said, That if Provision was made for the several Purposes mentioned in the said Petition, the same would be of great Cfe and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Ann, and the Public.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and better enlightening and cleansing the Streets, and other Places and Passages, and repairing the Highways, within the Parishes of St. George, St. John ping; St. Paul Shadwell, and the Hamlet of Ratclffe, in the County of Middlesex, and the Precinct of Well in the Royalty of the Tower of London, is committed,

That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for the better and more effectual paving the Streets, and other Passages, within the said Parishes, Hamlet, and Precinct.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and better enlightening and cleansing the Streets, and other Places and Passages, and repairing the Highways, and paving the Streets and other Passages, within the Parish of St. Ann, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Aden the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor lndofure. called Aston and Shardlow Moor, and several common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of Weston cum Membris, and Prebendary of Sawley, in the County of Derby, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Locker and Toll, who have Right of Common on Aston Moor, being possessed of Two Cottages near the fame:

That Locker had been informed of the intended Application; but Toll could not be found, and that their Rights are of very finall Value); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which theyhad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingossed Bill for inclosing and dividing Tinwell Tin well

Fields, in the County of Rutland-, and for settling a lndofure. Stipend on the Rector, in lieu of Glebe and Tythes; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and dividing Tinwell Fields, in the County of Rutland-, and for settling a Stipend on the Rector, in lieu of Glebe and Tythes.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day be now read.

The Older of the Day being read, for the House to re- Foundling solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Hof;>it*l. fider further of the Petition of the Governors and Guardians

544

24° — 25° Martii.

A. 1756.

America; Regulating the Army-

Supply Bill; Silver Plate.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

America; Governing Ship., Sie. by Sea.

Fines on Juries neglecting to attend.

dians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill ior the better recruiting his Majesty’s Forces in North America, and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion there;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, nifolvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, retblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill lor granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties, payable by ail Per (bus, and Bodies Politic, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.:

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being ready for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to '.consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Div being read, for the House to rc-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to c,on-fider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve it felt into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bid lor extending the Act of the 22d Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and re-‘doming into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of-his Majesty’s Snips, Vessels, and Forces by S- a, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in - North America.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole

o

[joule, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower Judges of Courts of Record in Cities and Towns Corporate to let Fines on Persons, who shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and shall neglect to attend;

Ordered, That the said Bill be trnnsmitted to a feled Committee;

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Pronfe, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Register of Scotland\ Mr. Page, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Ryder? Mr. Cocks, Colonel Leftk. Mr. Charlton* Mr Bacon, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Talbot, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. IVilkifun, Sir IVm. Calvert, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Dod-ington, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Bofcazven, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Campbell, Mr. More, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Lyfer, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Crojfe, JMr. Olmius, Mr. B Gives, Mr. MeJlycott, Mr. Hayes,

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Edward Vernon, Mr. M'Kenzie, Mr. Dig by. Lord Carysfort, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Prodlor, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Lockyer, Sir James Creed, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

Dicker; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, to extend tha same to Courts of Record in Liberties and Franchises.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Qualifying refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon for Offices, the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to quality themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Sir John Crojfe presented to the House, according to york Order, a Bill to enable the Propiielors and Inhabitants of Buildings, lloiiles in York Buildings, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to make* and levy a Rate on themselves, (efficient to answer the Expence of pulling down, removing, rebuilding, and repairing, of the Terrace Walk and Water Gate, and such other Parc of the Premises adjoining to the River Thames, and belonging to the said Buildings, as shall be judged necessary; and for keeping the same in Repair for the future; And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir John Croft's have Leave to make a Motion; it being near Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jovisy 2 g die Martii;

Anno 290 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

A BILL for explaining, amending, and rendering Leicester, more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty- &c.

seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and ^oads’

widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from thence to Halford Bridge; and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon\ and from Coventry to Martyn s Gutter, leading towards Stone-high Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act:, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester, to Ashby-.de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, so far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road which leads from the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nun-eat on, and from thence, through the Parishes of Chilvers Coton and Bedworthto Bishop's Gate, in the City of Coventry’, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys,

Sir Francis Poole, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Lyster, Lord Verney, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ajfteck, Mr.

More, Sir John Wynne; Mr. Montagu, Mr. FeHowes,

Mr. Cocks. Mr. Prowft. Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr;

Bayntun, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wilkin foil. Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Chctivynd, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cartwright,

.Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hume, Co’onel A'Court,

Mr. Moore, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Berkeley, Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Drake, Mr. Ward,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Vernon, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr.

Sturt, Mr. Pye, Mr. Popham, Mr. Pitt, Sir Wm. Meredith, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Afshetwi

A ftm Inclosure.

Shrewflniry

to

Pre'lcn

Brockhord

Jtoaus.

Ropfr’s

Estatei.

Windiford

Br.age

to

Stamford

Ro*J.

iqGeo. II. .15 Martiu545

Afsheton Curzon, Sir Robert Bur Jet, Sir Coy del Firebract, Mr. Foley, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir Thomas Ha/cs, Mr. Hummer, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Grosvenor, Lord G:c;rnfiey, Mr. Lifter, Sir Robert Long, Lord North, Mr. Noe they, Mr. Finney, Lord Pulteney, Lord Strange, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Walter, Mr. Whittington, Sir A-.mine Wode-hoi:fe*, and all the Memlvrs who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Oxford, Nottingham, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor called Afion and S hard low Moor, and several common Fields, Meadows, Pailures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of West on cum Membris, and Prebendary of Saw ley, in the County of Derby, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration,

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally re ;d a Second time, were, upon the Question leveraiiy put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Shrewjbttry, through Battlefield Lane, Hadnal, Avion Reynold, to Preston Brockhutft, in the County of Salop, being the great Road from Shrewsbury to Whitchurch, in the said County; and from Shrewsbury aforesaid to Shawbury, being the great Road from Shrewsbury to Drayton, in the said County; and From the said Town of Shrewfibury, through Roden and Nigh Ercall, to Shreykill, being the great Road from Shrewfibury \0Ne1v-fort, in the said County of Salop; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads frim the Town of Shreivsbury to Preston Brockkurfi, to Shawbury, and to Skrcyhill, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the "Lords, and dciire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Elute of Trevor Charles Roper and Henry Roper, who are both Infants, in the County of Kent, in Trustees,’to be sold; and for applying the Purchase-money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, under the Directions of the Court oi Chancery; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafTed Bill for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for effectually amending and repairing the Road leading from Wand fiord Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the d own and Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln; and for repairing the Road from the Borough of Stanford to Slap/eford Bridge, in the Parish of Ryhall, in the County of Rutland, and from thence to Bourne, in the County of Lincoln; was read the Third time.

Re Lived, That the Bill do pars: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and altering tl e Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twemy-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for effectually amendirg and repairing the Road leading horn War.sfiord Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of

Y01r. 27.

Stamford, in the County of Lincoln; and for repairing the Road from the Borough of Stanford to Staplefiord Bridge, in the Parish of Ryhall, in the County of Rutland, and from thence to Bourne, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That the Lord Cary fort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dehre their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Shrewfeury leading from Coleham Bridge, in the Town of Shrewsbury, to

to the Market Place in the Town of Church Stretton, and, Stretton.

out of the said Road at or near the Smith’s Shop on Bafi- Roade.

ton Hill to the Top of Lythwood Hill, and fr m a Place near Pulley Common, on the same Road, to the May Pole in Condover; and from Coleham Bridge aforesaid, through IVeibatch, to Longdon, in the County of Salop; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewfibury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the Top of Lythwood Hill, and from Pulley Common to the May Pole in Condover; and from Coleham Bridge to Longdon, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. More do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom Bonnet*# the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for NaI. naturalizing Peter Bonnet, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee haddirested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Li- Suoply Bill; cences for retailing Beer and Ale, and other Exciseable l^cenct Liquors, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Aubrey*# for veiling the Estates of Richard Gcugh Aubrey Esquiffe, fixate#, in the Counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and Carmarthen, in Trustees, to raise Money to discharge several incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the supply Blit} Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for bilverHate. granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, and Bodies Politic, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

« A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, lor exempting from the Duty ail Piate belonging to Infants, and not tiled.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up; '

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in ' groiTcd.

Ordered, That the Committee of the Company of Af ic#a Merchants trading to Africa do lay before this House, Company Copies of Invoices, and Bids of Lading, of the (d.og-cs of the Merchandize and Stores shipped on board the Ship

6 Z Medway,

546 b$6 — i6° Marti*£175

Medway, particularly whether shipped for Cape Coajl or

Jmamaboo, and Receipts from the proper Officers at each

Place of their having received the lame.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That (he Order of the Day, For the House to ana Dice re^ve 'tlelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon

n the Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Cards and Dice, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mihfia The House, according to Order, resolved itself into *' a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Fart of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they fiad made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed By the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Qualifying Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-r^®ces* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within (heTime limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Bill for granting to his Majesty fe-Silver Plate. Veral Rates and Duties payable by all Persons and Bodies Politic having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, be read . the Third time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 26* Martii\

Anno 29* Georgii IF* Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

Woollen A BILL, to render more effectual an Act, passed in Maauuotute. the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty

KingGtwgf, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein-, and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in same of the Payment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other manner than in Money; was read a Second time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Torke, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Sir Cordel Mr. Pronfe, Mr. 1 Invert, Mr. Sandvs, Mr. Coventry, Col. Whitmore, Mr. CartwrightMr Mr. Cooke,

Mr. A fink, Mr. More, Mr. Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Lane, Mr. Trifle, Mr. Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir

Crefe, Sir John Philipps, Sir Mr. Kynafon,

Mr. Fflter, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Caiysfort, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Probyn, Mr: DuncorMr. Evdyn, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Gyb boh, IVlr. Hardinge, ’Mr. Raton, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr Mr. Lifer, Mr.

Rebow, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr Hanger, Mr. Barrow, Mr". Braffey, Mr. Scott, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Levbis, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Mr. Lade, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Bond, Mr. La/celles; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, So-merfet, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Henry Finch reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendmentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throug out; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questiuu severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several 01 them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Fryar Bacon s Study to Chilton Pond, and from the Top of HinkfeyHill to Foxcombe Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common Pastures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manor and Parish of Sow, in the County of Warwick, and County of the City of Coventry, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Pow'ers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes; and from Stert Slone, in the Parish of UrJJfont, to Iiowdford, in the County of Wilts-, and for changing and altering Part of the said Highways; and for repairing the Lload from the Top of Red Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Ann Coryton, Elizabeth Goodhall, and William

Goodkall, to make Leases of several Lftites in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, during the Minorities of John Coryton, and others, the infant Children of Peter Coryton Esquire, deccated: Towhich the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing: And that Sir John Barnard, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Sir^c/bi

Rushout, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Cooke, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gate House

and

Sheffield, &c. Court of Coalucuce.

Frvar

13n con’s Study Road.

Sow

Inclosure,

Sheppards . Shord Roads,

Coryton'*

Estates.

Preventing

Stock-

jobbing,

Paddingtctf

New Ru-Ci,

i^-

r

29 Geo. it.

25° — ip'

547

.Supply.

V/iiitia Law 4.

and Hampstead, and from Saint Giles's Pound to Bridge, in the County of Middl to make a new Road from the great Northern Road at to the Edgware

Road near Paddington; and also from the North End of

Portland Street, crois the Farthing into

the said new Road; and for enlarging the Terms and Rowers granted by Two several Acts, for repairing the said Road from Saint Giles’s Pound to Kilbourn; was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of Robert Bartholomew of in the County of Middlesex, Innkeeper; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quession severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for incapacitating certam Persons from being Trustees’.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Quession put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of tire bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for incapacitating Persons keeping Public Houses, or felling w ine or otoc Liquors by Retail, from being Trustees: And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Quession put thereupon, agreed toby the House, to be made Part of ti e Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appropriating the Tolls collected between Giles's Pound and Kilbourn Bridge, and upon the adjacent Part of the new Road, to the Repair of those Parts respectively: And the said Clause was twice read:

And the Queff i >n being put. That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth

> 8s-

j'35-

So it passed in the Negative.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by inferring, after the Word " Road," in Folio 35. Line the \Vi.r*s, "nor within Two hundred Yardson " the South Side of that Part of the said Road which u levels from Battle Bridge to Tottenham Court aforesaid, " nor nearer to the said Part of the said Road on the " North Side theieot than Fig Lane."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inftrted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j ^r# 1 85.

(.ivir Rigby: \ D

Tellers for the Noes,| M1- cf ?I39*

(Mr. John tilt. j

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

The other Orders of the Dav being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve iticlf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Refotved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve iticlf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Muitia Forces in the several Counties of that Part ot Great Britain called England.

Vol. 27.

Tellers for .!,= Ycas.J

Tellers for.he Noes.^;

Ordered, That Mr. Bidler have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Ann Coryton, Elizabeth Goodall, and William Goodall, to make Leases of several Estates in the Counties ot Cornwall and Devon, during the Minorities of John Coryton and others, the infant Children of Peter Coryton Esquire, deceased, was read the First tim^.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 2 90 die Martii\

Anno 29® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Matter and Fellows of Katherine Hall, in the University of Cam, to purchase, settle, and dispose of, Tenements and Grounds for the making and emitting an additional Building to their College or Hall, for the Reception and Maintenance of Six Fellows and Ten Scholars, founded by the Will of Mary Ram [den, deceased; and for impowering any Corporations within the said University to sell and convey other Lands and Tenements, for that and other Purposes in the said A<tt mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edmimd Finch, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hardhige, Mr. Gulflon, Mr. Mr. Reynolds, Mr.

Hev'.ett, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Sir fVm. Beauchamp

Proctor, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Prozvfe, Mr. Cooke, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Charlton, Lord Verney, Mr. Cartwright,

Lord Granby, Mr. More, Lord Mr. Feiiowes, Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Powney, Sir Thomas Mr. Torke,

Mr. Wat [on, Lord Rtxflon. Col. Mr. Charles

Tozvn/hend, Mr. Henry Finch, Ms. Horace Walpole, the Mailer of the Hol s, Mr. JenMr. Noel, Lord Geo.

Cavendish, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Gower, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Henry Pelham, Mr.

Mr. Onslow, Mr . Floor e, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Amcoits, Lord Caryjort, Lord Egmont, Mr. Fonereau-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Cambridge and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Marquis of Granby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for imbanking and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds, called The , lying

and being in the several Parishes of Mepal, Wit-

ckam, Ely, Witchford, Wentworth, Coveney, and,

in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and ot Biun-tifham with Earith, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Proprietors of 550 Acres (the Whole consisting of i,6ot Acres), who, having been applied to, said they had no Objection to the Bill; and except the Proprietors of 42 Acres who had been applied to, but refuted to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of 23 Acres, who could not be found; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the . Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quession severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

Coryton'*

Estate*.

Katherine

Hall,

Cambridge,

Estates.

Wadies

in

Bedford

Level

Drainage;

54

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mihlmhall, The Marquis of Grm/by presented to the House, acS &c« cording ro Order, a Bill for draining and preserving cer-

Kivers. ^ajn pen Lands and low Grounds lying on the South Level

Fart of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and bounded by Mildenfiall River on the South, Brandon River on the North, certain high Lands in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge, on the East, and the River Ottze on the Wests and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of ConferVators of the said Great Level to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, and commonly called Invefed Lands: And the same was received; and read rheJFirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Talbot’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £iUte. for vesting Part of the Eftnte of John Talbot the younger, Esquire, settled upon his Marriage, in Trustees, for raising a Sum ot Money for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, was read the Firrt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

a. 1756-

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pj*. 12. L. 31. To leave out <c tie fame/’ and insert u of the said Surplus Money, such Surplus Money Pr. 30. L. 6. After " Pounds," to insert 4‘ as shall be " adjudged by any Five or more of the said Trustees u And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the North End of Dunfby Lane to the South West Corner of Rifehohn Hedge, and to Carholm Gate, Drindfey Nooke, and Dunham and Littleburgh Ferries; and from the North End of Waddington Field, and the Bridge over the River Wytham at Bracebridge, to the City of Lincoln; and from the Gate at the Foot of Camvicke Hill to the Great Bar Gates of the said City; and for enforcing the Performance of Statute Work upon the Highways communicating with the said Roads, to a certain Distance from the said Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Monson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

290 Mart it.

te*»t Ordered That Sir Francis Henry Drake have Leave to »/ Ab/ience. go into the Country, for a Month, upon extraordinary

Occasions.

Marquis An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of for providing a Maintenance for the Marquis of -Blari'tford’s ford, during the Life of his Father the Duke of x‘ain.eiiance. borough-, and for rebuilding the said Duke’s House at

Langley, in the County of Bucks-, and for purchasing in, and making void, divers Leases granted by the said Duke, in Trust, for his younger Children; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Dig by do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and

Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

E1ICH The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ltclosure. for inclosing divers Parcels of waste Grounds or Commons in Eilcll, in the County of Lancaster, without any Amendment: And also, francke's I he Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for I'ftutes, veiling the ’ Estates of Evelyn Charles Francke and -ward Francke Esquires, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be loid for discharging a Mortgage affecting the fame; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money anting by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled pursuant to the Wills of the said Evelyn Charles Francke and Edward Francke, respectively: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Pmrtw, An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Roads &c- from the North End of Dunfby Lane, in the County of Hoash. Lincoln, over Lincoln Heath, to and through the City of Lincoln, and the Bail and Close ot Lincoln, to the South Well Corner of Rifehohn Hedge, and to Carholm Gate, in the said City, and from Carholm Gate, over Bridge, to Drindfey Nooke, and from thence to Dunham and Littleburgh Ferries ,from the North End ot ding!on Field, and from the Bridge over the River tham ax Bracebridge, unto the said City; and from the

Cate at the Fooc of C Hill, by the Little Bar Gates, to the Great Bar , of the said City; and for enforcing the Performance of Statute Work upon the Highways communicating with the said Roads, to a certain DiiUnce Irom the said Roads; was read the Tnird time.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Fox do carry to the Lords Martjui* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for qjland ford's providing a Maintenance for the Marquis of , Maintenance,

during the Life of his Father the Duke of Mai ’borough; and for rebuilding the said Duke’s House at ,in

the County of Bucks-, and for purchasing in, and making void, divers Leases granted by the said Duke, in Trust, for his younger Children; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and acquaint their Lord ships. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Richard Gough Aubrey Esquire, was pre- p"ftQg3

fented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Peti- f»r

tinner hath a Bill depending in this House, for veiling his Prot#ction. Estates in the Counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and Carmarthen, in Trustees, to raile Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the lame; and that the Petitioner, being indebted to divers Persons in considerable Sums of Money, is in Danger of being arrested for such Debts before the said Bill can pass into a Law: And therefore praying the Protection of the House, during the Dependence of the said Bill therein.

Ordered, That the Protection of this House be allowed to the said Richard Gough Aubrey Esquire, during the Dependence of his laid Bill in this House.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Com- Aston mon or Moor called Aston and Shardlow , and several hidoiure. common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of West on cum Membvis, and Prebendary of Save ley, in the County of Derby, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 20. To leave out '‘Prebendary," and insert " Prebend

Pr. 2. L. 24. To leave out " Prebendary," and inlert " Prebend."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bili was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor, called Aston and Shardlow Moor, and several common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of WeJIon cum and Prebend

of Sazi ley, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaflondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting, maintaining, and sup- CIHe porting, a Light-house on the Island of Cumray, in ,;0^ouf»

the

29 Geo. II. 19 MartiL $49

the County of Buie, at the Motith of the Rivet in North Britain; and for rendering the Navigation in the Fiith and River of Clyde more late and commodious} was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting, maintaining, and supporting, a Light-house on the Island of Little in the County of Bute, at the Mouth of the River Clyde, in North tain j and for rendering the Navigation in the Frith and Riv*er of Clyde more lafe and Commodious.

5 Orderd, That Mr. Mackinzie do carry the Bill to the I Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Appointing An ingrafted Bill for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables Constables for the Sendee of the City and Liberty of West-XfefhnmHerminster, ar>d to compel proper Persons to take upon them lcc. ’ the Office of Jurymen to present Nuisances within the

| laid City and Liberty, was read the Third time,

j The Amendments following were severally proposed to

I be made to the Bill;

Pr. 7. L. 4. To leave out " all Persons,'* and insert " every Person

L. 5. To leave out " are," and insert " is Pr. 12. L, 33. After *' to insert " or

" his Deputy or Deputies; after " he," to insert " and " they; and, after " is," to insert " and arc."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title' be. An Act for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances, and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

(fcrartfring Mr. Righj reported from the Committee, appointed to Soldiers consider of the Hardships of Innholders, and other Public Itobolders. House Keepers, in the Counties of Essex, , and

rey, and in the City of ,from the late Quarter-

ing of extraordinary Numbers of Officers and Soldiers upon them, which the present Exigency has rendered unavoidable; and who were to report the fame, to the House, together with their Opinion as to what might be projier for the speedy Relief of such Innholders, and other Public House Keepers} and to whom the Petition of several Innholders, and other Public House Keepers, residing in the Towns of , Ware, and

in the County of Hertford, in behalf of themselves, and many others; and also the Petition of several Innholders,

! and other Public House Keepers, residing in the Towns of Lewes, Cliff", Soul hoverand Grinstead, in the

l County of Sttssex-, and also the Petition of the Innholders,

and other Public House Keepers, in the Towns of Staines, and Parts adjacent in the County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred, That the Committee had taken the Matter to them referred, together with the said Petitions, into their Consideration; and had directed king to report the fame, together with j the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the

I House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Constables from several Towns within the Counties aforesaid, and from the said City, and from the Towns mentioned in the Two first of the said Petitions, appearing, informed your Committee, That ever since Michaelmas last, there have been quartered, upon the Innholders, and other Public House Keepers, residing within the said several Counties, agreat Number of Troops extraordinary above what has been usual in other \ears; which has been a very great Hard ship and Loss to the Persons on whom they have been so quartered; inso much that many have been obliged to leave off Business, and great Nutn-Yox,. 27.

hers more must be feduCed to the same Neccfctjr, if they are not relieved by some Means or other;

Whereupon your Committee came to the following

Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee.

That there has been & very extraordinary Number of Troops quartered in the Counties of Essex, Kent, and Surrey, and in the City of Canterbury, and in foiTKTowns in the Counties of Sujffex and Hertford, finee Michaehnat lift.

Resolved, That it is tfte Opinion of this Committee;

That in consequence of the additional Charge brought upon the Innholders, and other Public House Keepers, in the respective Places where the Bdrthen has been most grevious, many of them have beer) obliged to shut up their Houses merely upon that Acedtiflt, and many more are likely to be obliged to undergo the same Fate;

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sufferings of such Innholders, and other Public House Keepers, is a same of Companion, worthy the Consideration of the House, especially as the Grievance has arisen from a wife and proper Disposition of his Majesty*

Forces in this critical Conjuncture.

The said Resolutions; being fevetally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order such Allowance, as his Majesty shall judge reasonable, to be made to the Innholders, and other public House Keepers; in the several Counties of EJjeic, Kent, and Surrey, and irl the City of Canterbury, and in the several ToWils of Hertford, Ware, and Hoddefdok, in the County of and Lewes, Cliff, Soul hover, and Grinfend, in the County of Sitffex, in Consideration of the gre.it Expences they have been put to by the very extraordinary Number of Officers and Soldiers, which have been necessarily quartered upon them during the J-.ft Winter; especialiy as the Grievance has ariftn from a wife ami prudent Diljaofition of Iris Majesty 'sTorces in this critical Conjuncture; and to assure his Majesty, That this House will make good such Expence as shall be incurred by his Majesty upon that Account.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council,

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbrohet Sir William - "don vert, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, n and Sir Samuel Fludyer, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put/That the Orders of the Day be now read; thctLv

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TcUers for th, J ,2,

Tdle. forth, Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Addrefi for Majesty, to beseech his Majesty, That, for the more ef- SmployiB^ fectual Defence of this Island, and for the better Security of the Religion and Liberties of his Subjects, against the threatened Attack by a foreign Enemy, he would be graciously pleased to order Twelve Battalions of his Electoral Troops, together with the usual Detachment of Aftillery to be forthwith brought into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be communicated to the Lords, and their Concurrence desired thereto.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Conference upon a Matter of great Importance, concerning the with :he

7 A Defence

550

Defence and Security of his Majesty, and his Kingdoms, in the present critical Conj unfture.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Granby do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Supplying The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Edinburgh Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the City better supplying the City of Edinburgh with fresh and with Water. wj10)ef0jne Water, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

America; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Regulating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Army, upon the Bill for the better recruiting his Majesty’s Forces in North America, and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion there;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his. Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

America; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Governing resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon byPSeatC* for extending the Act of the 22d Year of his

present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Veflc|s, and Forces by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall lerve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Licence resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Duly‘ the Bill for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer and Ale, and other exciseable Liquors;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

S l gjji. The Order of the Day being read, for the House Cards and ’ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Dice. upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Cards and Dice;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Read-Siiver ing of the Bill (now ingrafted), for granting to his Ma-P"ue' jesty several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons and Bodies Politic having certain Quantities of Silver Plate;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

c -». C Sir Cor del Firebrace, Tdlns for tte leas,{Mr-0sra,. 88.

Tellers (or he Noes,] D*"‘- K

So it passed in the Negative.: Then the said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons and Bodies Politic or Corporate having certain Quantities of Silver Plate.

19

A. 1756.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martii, 30° dieMartii;

Anno 290 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Aubrey's for veiling the Estates of Richard Gough Aubrey EaUe*. Esquire, in the Counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and Carmarthen, in Trustees, to raise Money to discharge several Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ton, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. B idler, Sir Cor del Firebrace,

Mr. Lyster, Mr. Northey, Col. A'Court, Mr.

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. More, Mr. Sir.

John CroJJ'e, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellow es, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gy boon,

Mr. Frife, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.;

Cocke, Mr. Reynolds, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Barrow, Mr,

Edward Vernon, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Mr. Foley,

Sir John Morgan, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Mr.

Lord Bateman, Mr. Campbell, Lord Hillsborough, Mr.

Hamilton, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gaffl, Mr., Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Mr.

Stanhope, Lord Malpas, Mr. Powell, Mr. Alderman Baker, My. Finch, Mr. Gulston, Mr. Popham, Mr. Amy-and, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Chetzvynd; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales, and the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, Monmouth, Salop, and Chcficr And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Corytoa’* enabling Ann Cory ton, Elizabeth and William £(lates-

Goodall, to make Leases of several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, during the Minorities of John Coryton, and others, the infant Children of Peter Corytcn,

Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buller,

Mr. Vyner, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mr.

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. , Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Edward Vernon, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Charlt, Sir Cor del Fire-

brace, Lord Bateman, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Northey, Mr.

Symmons, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Morgan, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Win. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Morris,

Irard Hobart, Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr. Fonereau, Sir, John

Molesworth, Mr. Rafhleigh, Mr. Cope, Mr. James Euli.r; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, pr;(y of the City of Bristol, and of the Citizens and Freemen Election of the said City, whose Names are thereuto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That, on the Second Day of March 1756, the Election came on of a; Representative for the said City, in the room of Richard Beckford Esquire, deceased, when Spencer Esquire, and Jarrit Smith Esquire, declared thsrule Ives

ap° — 30°

r

29 Geo. II.

30° Mar til

55!

Cregor’s

Eiiaie.

selves Candidates for the said City; and a Poll beingde* manded, the same was proceeded in, and continued several Days; and that, on the Seventeenth Day of the same Month, the Poll was closed, and the next Day the said Mr. Smith was declared duly elected, and returned accordingly; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend themselves aggrieved by such Return, great Numbers of Persons, who had no Right to vote, being admitted to vote on the Side of Mr. Smith, and many rejected, who had an indisputable Right of voting, and who offered to vote for Mr. Spencer; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Mr. Spencer had a clear Majority of legal good Votes, and ought to have been returned duly elected: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Six Weeks.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Sir John Molesworth Baronet, and Joseph Moyle Esquire> Two of the surviving Trustees in an Indenture, dated the 25th Day of December 1743, to raise the several Sums in the bid Indenture mentioned, or such of them as are still unfinished, and pay the same, as well as the rest of the personui Estate of Hugh Gregor, deceased, to such Perton as Jane Gregor, an Infant, shall marry, during her Infancy, wit.i the Consent of the said surviving Trustees, and of her Guardians, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mo-rice , Mr. Buller, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Roger Nezodigate, Mr. Digby, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Cor del Fire brace, Mr. Sandxs, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hunt, Lord Parker, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Buller junior, Mr. My ddel ton, Mr. Dazvnay, Col. Lee, Lord Malpas, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Cope, Mr. Ward, Mr. Dummer, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Yorke, Sir Lionel Piiking/on, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Onslow, Lord Geo. Sackvil/e, Mr. Nugent, Lord Hobart, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Symmons, Mr. 'Trifle, Mr. IVa/Jon, Mr. Gore, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. STownshend, Mr. Delavall, Mr. Am-co/ts, Mr. Vyner, Mr Charlton, Mr. Braffey, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Fane, Mr Bagot, Sir Eaivard Turner, Lord Egmont, Mr Hill, Mr. Crefwell, Lord Verney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, Dorset, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

White Sheet A Bill for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead St. Andrew, in the County of Wilis, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Half Way House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset', and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Digby, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Downe, Mr. Gore, Mr. Prowse, Mr., More, ?vlr. Yorke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Finch, Sir John Crosse, Lord Bateman, Mr. LyJler, Sir John iMordaunt, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Gofnry, Mr. Philip [on. Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Duff, Mr. Mackenzie, Sir Charles Vernon, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Proffer, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Myddelton, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Lionel Piikington, Sir George Lee, Lord Verney, Mr. Willes, Mr. Alexander, Lord HiUfborough, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bayu-

Yql. 2 7.

Warthill

Inclosure.

tun, Mr. Amcolts, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lewis; and all the Members who serve for the Counties, of Dorset, Somerset,

Devon, Cornwall, and Wilts: And they are to meet tins Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the undivided Parts of the several common Fields in the Township of Warthill, in the County of York, and for giving Compensations to the Hector of Holt by in the same County, and the Vicar of Wa) thill aforesaid, in lieu of Tythes and certain Ecclesiastical Dues:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Fleetwood’* Sale of the Manor and capital Messuagcof Tadworth, and Estate. divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of John Fleetwood Esquire, deceased, and purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses in his ^Vill: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Steeple Aftoa confirming and establishing an Exchange of Tythes, Cot- Exchange, tages, and Lands, for a Messuage, Farms, Lands, and Common of Pasture, in Steeple Aston, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to an Agreement between the Principal and Scholars of King's Hall, and the College of Brazen Noft in Oxford, John Eaton Clerk, and Francis Page Esquire $ and also for giving Power to the said Francis Page, and others claiming under the Will of Sir Francis Page Knight deceased, to make a Jointure on any Wife or Wives, with whom they may intermarry: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in York Buildings, in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, sufficient to answer the Expence of pulling down, removing, rebuilding, and repairing, of the Terrace Walk and Water Gate, and such other Part of the Premises adjoining to the River Thames, and belonging to the said Buildings, as shall be judged necessary; and for keeping the same in Repair for the future; was read a Second time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Crosse, Mr. Kynafon, Lord Verney, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bacon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. LyJler, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Tyner, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir Wm. Moreton, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Dashwood, Lord Geo. Sackvi/le, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Mack worth, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Craven, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Onfow, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr More, Mv.PAgby, Mr. Fonereau, the Marquis of Granby, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Surrey, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Marquis of Granby reported, That he having (according to Order) been with the Lords to desire a Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference.

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Geo Sackville, Lord Rc gifter of Scotland, Lord Geo. Cavendish, Sir Thomas Robinson, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Geo. Onfow, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. O'Brien, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. Oswald. Mr.

Nugent9

York

Building*.

Conference

on

Acklrefs for ernploving (icrnvan

Troops.

fiuts on June*

neglecting

to aurtd.

Lane's

Iftstci*

Supply BUI; Cards *ud Dice.

Paddington Nsw Road.

55a 30° Mar tit. A. 1756,

Nugent, Mr. Motifon, Mr. Rigby, Lord Mr.

Hardinge, Lord Carysfort, Lord Mr.

Mr. Secretary Fox, Mr. Fyner Mr. Attorney General* Mr. Curzon, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Stert, Mr. JDigby, Mr. Alderman Beckford Sir Francis Poole, Mr* Fairfax, Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, Mr. Amcotts.

Ordered, That the Lords Be acquainted at the said Conference, That the Commons have come to a llefo-lution, to which they desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

Then the Managers went to the Conference.

And being returned;

The Lord George Sackitille reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference with the Lords; and had acquainted their Lord ships, That the Commons had come to a Resolution, to which they desire the Concurrence of their Lordships; and that they had left the said Resolution with the Lords.

Mr. Alderman Dickinson reported from the Committee* to Whom the Bill to impower Judges of Courts of Record in Cities and Towns Corporate to set Fines on Persons who shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and shall neglect to attend, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with thtf Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Queflton severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed.

Nix. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of the ERates of Ralph Lane Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Northampton and Cambridge, for discharging the Incumbrances affecting the lame, and for applying Part of the personal Estate of Elizabeth Lane his Wife, deceased, in the Purchase of the Cambridgeshire ERate, to be settled pursuant to her Will, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true 1 and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That die Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Cards and Dice, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Hampfleaa, and from St. Giles's to Kilbourn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to make a new Road front the great Northern Road at to the Edgeware

Road near Paddington; and also trom the North End of Portland Street, cross the Farthing Pye House Fields, into the said new Road; and for enlarging the Terms and . 18

Powers granted by Two several Acts for repairing the said Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilboarn Bridge; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vise.

Pr. 4. L. 21. To leave out " and insert

" John:"

Lv 25. To fill the Blank with " James Pr. 5. L. 21. Before " Beaveoir," to insert "

L. 31. Before " Bufcy," to insert "

" Jon:"

L. 34. To leave out " and insert

" Ckampneis

Pr. 6. L. 20. Before "Bond" to insert "

Pr. 8. L. 11. To leave out "Charles," and insert " John s"

L. 14. Before " Stanley," to insert " James Pr. 9. L. 6. Before " Bea to insert " James L. ulc. Before " Busby," to inlerc "

« Jon

Pr. 10. L. 2. To leave out " and insert

" Champneis

L. 21. Before " Bond," to ihfert " Edward Pr. 13. L. 36. After " thereto," to iniert "inafiraight Line

L. 39. To leave out " Beaver" and insert " James Beaveoir

Pr. 14. L. i> and %. To leave out " the South Side of," and to leave out from " called," in L. to " the," in L. 4.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the respectiveTrultces of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and Ham-pi cad, and from SI. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to make a ne w Road from the great Northern Road at Islington to the Edgeware Road near Paddington; and also from the North End of Portland Street, cross the Farthing Pye House Fields, into the said new Road; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts, for repairing the said Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making a more safe and commodious Harbour at Ramsgate, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Edward Fernon, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Tmvnshend, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Grenville,

Lord Regifier of Scotland, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Hume, General Holmes, Mr. Potter, Mr, C/evland, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Pitt, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Fonnereau, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Geo. Lee, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. More, Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles MoLord Geo. Sack-vilte, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Walter, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Mabbot, Mr. Duff, Mr. Cocks, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Bond, Mr. Gore, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Willy, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Edwyn, Mr. Manners, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Popham, Mr. Gybboti; <Mr. Chetwynd-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex, the Cinque Ports, and the Coast Counties;

and all the- Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the hie of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and anti bounded

on the South by the Hardlands of Alepal, Wit chant, Wi:nt worth, Witchford, Ely, Dozvnham, and Litlleport; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty,

a

Ramsgate

Harbour.

Hundred

Foot

River

Drainage

29 Geo. II. 30 °Martil 553

iVty, of the Company of Conferators of the Great Level of the Feus, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits afo^l'aid, and commonly called Invested Lands-, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made "to the Bill; viz.

Pr, 4. L. 12. After " John Lingeyf to Insert " Francis " Tingey."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title ♦be. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen ’Lands in the I fie of Ely and‘County of lying

'between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouze, and bounded on the South by the Hardlands of Which am, Wentworth. IVitchfo Ely, and

Littleport; and for impowenng the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conf 'r ators of the Great Lev el of the Fens, commonly called Bedford

Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Lands.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Granby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire t heir Concurrence/

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

The Lord George Sackville reported. That the Managers had met the Lords at a Conference, which was managed, on tl\e Part of the Lords, by the Lord President, who acquainted them. That the Lords had taken into their Consideration the Resolution of this House, this Day communicated to their Lordships at a Conference, and had agreed to the said Resolution, and filled Up the Blank with " Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and."

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- America;

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole j?°.veri^2 House, upon the Bill for extending the Act of the 22d T>y8ea.* Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers m North America.

Foundling The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a 0 *mal* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children.

Mr. ‘Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Fox took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary Fox reported from the Committee, That they had come to teveral Resolutions; which they had di-Tested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight,

Qualifying The Order of the Day being tead, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing farther.Time for that Pupolej

Rrfolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve iticlf into a Conltliittce of the whole House, upon the slid Bill.

' Militia The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ^a"* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chais.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of tire Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was difefted by the Committee to tnove, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Conference

on

A rid refs for emriloving German. Troyjd.

A Message from the I-Ofds, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengefs withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the- Messengefs* were again called in, and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Vol. 27.

The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, at Six of the Clock this Afternoon, being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sp taker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter- reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to repost, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Potter have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor and capital Messuage of and divers Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of John Fleetwood Esquire, deceased; and purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Will; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Newdigate have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act For confirming and establishing an Exchange of Tythes,. Cottages, and Lands, for a Messuage, Farms, Lands, and Commons of Pafttrre, in in the County of Oxford, pursuant to an Agreement between the Principal and Scholars of King's Hall and College of Brazen Nose in Oxford, John Eaton, Clerk, and Francis Page Esquire; and aJlo for giving Power to the said Francis Page, and others claiming under the Will of Sir Francis Page Knight, deceased to make a Jointure on any Wife or Wives with whom they may intermarry; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

7»

Militia

Laws.

Fleetwood’s

Estate.

Steeple

Alton

Exchange.

554

3i° Ma

A. 1756.

Francke%s

ElLtes.

Jalabert’s

Nat.

Newton

loclofurev

African

Company.

Mercurii,310 Martii;

Anno 29* Georgia II" Regis, 1756.

P R A Y I R S.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Evelyn Charles Francke and Edward Francke Esquires, in the County of ter, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging a Mortgage affecting the fame, and for laying out the Surplus of the M oney arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled pursuant to the Wills of the said Evelyn Charles Francke and Edward Francke respectively; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Israel Jalabert, of Endfield, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, Guardian of Francis Jalabert, of the City of London, Gentlemen, an Infant under the Age of 18 Years, was presented to the Houlp, and read; taking notice of the Petition of the said Francis Jalabert, which was presented to the House upon the 17th of January last, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization; and of the Order of the House, for bringing in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And alleging, That no Proceeding hath been since had thereupon; and that the Petitioner is appointed Guardian of the Person and Estate of the said Francis , until

he shall attain the Age of 21 Years: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in for naturalizing the said Francis Jalabert.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition of Francis Jalabert, That they do also prepare the said Bill according to the Prayer of this Petition.

4

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and indoling the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, and common Grounds, in Newton, in the Parish of Clifton upon Dunfmore, in the County of Warwick, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-tisfaction of the Committee (except Four Persons, who are entitled to about Three Yardlands, the whole Common intended to be inclosed consisting of about 20 Yard-lands, and who being applied to, refused to sign the Bill, but said they had no Objection to it); and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the H'ouse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House being informed, That Mr. Poirrir, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. Copy of Invoices of Goods and Stores shipped by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, on board the Medway, Captain , for the Use of the Forts and Settlements, except 26,600 Bricks, which were intended for Annamaboo, but landed at Cape Coast.

N° 2. Copies of Bills of Lading for Goods and Stores shipped by the Committee of the Company of Merchants »7

trading to Africa, on board the Medway, Captain John Gorman.

N° 3. Copy of an Entry in the Journal, N° 6. kept at Cape Coast Castle, and- sent to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to , by the proper Officer there, shewing the Delivery of the Cargoes of Merchandize and Stores shipped on the Medway.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

A Petition of Elizabeth Alderfo, Widow, was pre- York fented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill, depending in the House, to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in Fork Buildings, in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of to

make and levy a Rate on themselves, sufficient to answer the Expence of pulling down, removing, rebuilding, and repairing, the Terrace Walk and Water Gate, and such other Part of the Premises adjoining to the River,

and belonging to the said Buildings, as shall be adjudged necessary for keeping the same in Repair for the future:

And dating to the House, That the Petitioner, her late Husband, James Alderson, and his Father Timothy Alderson, have successively enjoyed the uninterrupted Possession, for 70 Years, of the^ Rents and Profits of Two Lodges which adjoin to the Stone Edifice commonly called the Water Gate, at the Bottom of Fork Buildings: Arid alleging, That the Petitioner will be deprived of her poffessional Right to the said Two Lodges, if the Inhabitants of Fork Buildings should succeed in their Application for the said Bill; And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, by her Counsel, against the said Bill, so far as it affects the Petitioner; or that (lie may have an Allowance made her for quitting her Right to the said Premises; or may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by her Counsel, before the said Committee, upon her Petition, if (he thinks fit.

Ordered, That ft be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the Rye Way, in the Parish of pole, in the County of Hereford, to Pres eigne, in the County of Radnor, and from thence to Leintwardine-, and from Pres eigne, through Nash, to the Top of Trap Hill, and to Wooferton, in the County of Hereford aforesaid; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill', wkh the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agpeed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted,

Ordered, That the several Papers from the Committee African of the Company of Merchants trading to , this Company. Day presented to the House, do lie upon the Table, to be peru&d by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sdjiea.

OrdereJ,

l;

#4

l>.

\xi

>act

Rye Way Road.

r

3h

»at

ific

'Per

of

29 Geo. II.

310 Ma

555

% V

i, K i i,) r

Wa(be«

in

Bedford

Level

Draiaage*

lipon,

&c.

Road.

th

[d

London

Bridge.

Militia

Laws.

Ordered \That the Committee of the Company of A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Merchants trading to Africa do lay before this House, Mr. Harris: an Account of the Expences incurred in rebuilding the Mr. Speaker,

Fort at Annamaboo, together with a continued Account The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, Address

of the Particulars laid out by the Committee since That his Majesty has appointed Tomorrow, at Two of January 1755. the Clock, to be attended with the Address of both 'German

Houses of Parliament, at his Palace of Si. and

An ingrossed Bill for imbanking and preserving cer* their Lordships have ordered the Lord Steward and the tain Fen Lands and low Grounds, called the Washes, Lord Chamberlain to attend his Majesty therewith on lying and being in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal, the Part of the House of Lords; and do desire this

..... ' House to appoint a proportionable Number of their

Members to go with them.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Re That Four Members of this House do go

Troop*.

Wit cham, Ely, Witchford, Wentworth, Coveney, and Down-ham, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and of Bluntijhamwith Earith, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third time.

'Phe Amendment following was proposed to be made with the Lords mentioned in the said Message to wait

Sheffield, lie. Court of Coafdeoce.

to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. L. 29. Before Tunnel," to insert such."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at toe Table accordingly.

Rejhlved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for imbanking and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds, called the lying and

being in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepal,

Ely, lVitchford, Wentworth, Coveney, and Downham, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and of -Oiarn with Earith, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Granby do carry the<B:ll to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclesall, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclesall, in the County of York.

And then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title

upon his Majesty with the Address.

Ordered, That the Lord Hobart, the Lord Barrington,

Mr. Secretary Fox, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do go with the Lords mentioned in the said Message to wait upon his Majesty with the Address.

And the Messengers were again called in, a..d Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Cards granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Cards and ^ite* Dice, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Colonel Haldane reported from the Committee, to Vt estminster

- - r- - - — ' Fifii

Market.

thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Finch do carry the Bill to whom the Petition of Hughes was referred, and the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. who were toconsider of proper Methods for better efta-

blishing the Fish Market at Wefmmfur, That the Com-An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the High mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to and had also considered the Matter to them referred

the Town of Palely Bridge, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Palely Bridge, in the County of

Ordered, That the Lord Downe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Philipps presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Potter, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Vol. 27.

and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 1 viz.

An Act, made in the 226 Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of , and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same arc taken with a Hook; was read. Then,

Mr. John Snow, being examined, laid, That he knows the Ground which, by the said Act, was allotted for a Fish Market: That the Petitioner has built Eight good and substantial Houses thereon, the Expence of which he believes to be upwards of £.2,000. — And being shewn a Plan annexed to the Lease which was granted, by the Trullees of the above-mentioned Act, to the Petitioner} he said, he believed the Ground was covered conformable to that Plan. And,

Mr. Richard Hughes junior, being called, said, The Eight Houses were all covered in, in November 1753.

Then the Counterpart of the said Lease was read; whereby the said Trustees let to the Petitioner the Ground whereon his said Houses stand for a Term of 72 Years, from Lady-day 1753, at the yearly Rent of 65; and in the said Lease there is a Covenant, that tire Petitioner, his Assigns or Under-tenants, shall not suffer any Person

to

ll

1

; i0 Martii. 1756*

to.occupyaqyFaytof the said Premises, who shall carry read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered., on any Business other than buying and selling Fith. the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Samuel Jem, being examined, laid. That Six of ', That the Report be now read,

the petitioner’s Houses are well fitted for Fishmongers, Then the Counsel against the Bill was called in.

One.of which he occupies; that they have been fitted And the said Report was read,

up above ta Months. And the Petition of Thomas Trotter, of *, Attor-

Ansi being asked why Fish mongers don’t settle there ? ney, and Fador of Henry , of Morton Hull, in tire fie said, If a Restriction was laid on Fishmpngers from Shire oiEdinburgk, Esquire, was also read, ppejiing Shqps within a certain Distance of the Market, And the Counsel against the Bill was heard,

it would encourage Persons to come into the Market; And he being withdrawn;

*nd he has heard Fishertnen lay they (houlfi be glad to The Amendments, made by the Committee.to the said

come there. Bill being severally read a Second time, were, upon, the

Mr. William Briggs, Fishmonger, being examined, (kid, Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House. That he had lived m one of the said Shops, but was now That the Bill, with the Amendments-, be in,

in Clpre Market; but that if nobody was permitted to grossed. fell Fish in the Fore Street, he would come into Well*

mixfier Market again.

The Committee then proceeded, pursuant to the Order of the House, to coqfider of proper Methods for better establishing the said Fish Market.

And the said Act was again read. And,

Mr. Samuel Jones,

Mr. John James, > Fishmongers, and

Mr. Joseph Arnold,)

Mr* Anthony Brown, SaleGnan, being severally examined, laid, That if an Officer was appointed at Qravejend, pr thereabouts, to see the said Act of the 22d of his present Majesty carried into Execution, it would be of Advantage to Fishermen and Fishmongers in general.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Appointment of an Officer in a proper Place 00 the River Themes, to put into Execution an Act,

passed in the aid Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the forellalling and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook, will tend to the better Supply of Fish in the Cities of London and Westtniitfter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the preventing the felling of Fish within a certain Distance of the Fish Market at will tend to

the better establishing of the said Market.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, the said Act.

The Two first of the said Resolutions, being severally' read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the aid Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale o( Fish in the City of Westminster, and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an. Ad of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook: And that Colonel Haldane, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Edward Vernon, and Mr. Nicholson Calvert, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Supplying Mr. Alexander, according. Order, reported from the Edinburgh Committee, to whom the Bill for the better supplying with Water. t^ie City of Edinburgh with fresh and wholesome Water, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had.directed.him. to.seport to the.Haufc; and he

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to IritHh resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Subjects the Bill to prevent his Majesty’s Subjects from serving f^gnSiatl as Officers or Soldiers, under any foreign Prince or 8 States, without his Majesty’s Licence;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to oblige such Officers, who are his Majesty’s Subjects, as shall accept Commissions in the Corps in the Service of the States General of the United Provincps,-called the Scotch Brigade, to take and subscribe the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration within a certain Time after the Dates of their Commissions, and to transmit a Certificate thereof to his Majesty’s Secretary at War.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Digby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Digby reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wan resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mww. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bil; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Licence' the Bill for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Licences bu;y. for retailing Beer and Ale, and other exciseable Liquors;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for impowering his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, io certain Cafes, to grant Licences at a Petty SelSons.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had diretfed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refofved, That this. House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And

29 GEO. II. 31° Martii — i6 Jprilis.

557

Shrew (bury through Eliefmerc Roads.

Riley’s

Name.

till Tomorrow ciously pleased to order ah Allowance to be made to certain Innholders, and Public House Keepers, in Costitderation of the great Expences they have been put tojjyhav*

----- ~ ‘ ing a very extraordinary Number of Officers and Soldiers

quartered upon them during the last Winter, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions as dehred by the said Address.

Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of Folliolt Baugh Esquire,

of Shrewsbury, through Ellesmere, in the County of in the County and for settling another(Estate,

a. m /» «iii . m L — A / l.« A W T a A ft-« a a I _ W /J A L. A w'A 1a/ til

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i° </i> Apr ills;

Anno 29° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756.

of

Prayers.

R. Kynaston presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers an Act for repairing the Roads from the Town

M

Salop, and Overton, in the County of to Wrex-

ham, in the County of Denbigh-, and likewise to repair and widen several Roads leading from the above-mentioned Roads; and also the Road from afore-

laid to Chester, and from thence to Ew/oe in Hawsrdine Parish; and from Ewloe, through the Towns of Flint, and I Jolly well, to P inford, waen-, and also the Road

of greater Value, to the Uies of his Grandfather’s Will, and his own Marriage Settlement, respectively; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

from Bret ton to Mold, in the County of Flint:And the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same was received; and read the First time. " " ’

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hewett reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Jahbert’»

Nat.

ColneU

and

Carlford.

Poor.

Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

Sir Lionel Pilkington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Ternts and Powers granted by Two several Acts passed in the Fourteenth Year of

authorizing and imposing ffn and h,s Iff. ,0

Answer to

Address for employing German Troops.

take and use the Surname of Wheelwright, in ft-ad of the Surname of Riley, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and tound the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Webb presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Francis Jalabert, an Infant under the Age of 18 Years: And the lime was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. ylffieck reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Hobart reported to the House, That, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, the Lord Mr- Secretary Fox, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and himself, went to wait upon his Majesty, at his Palace of St. fames, where they found the Lord Steward and the Lord Chamberlain, from the Lords, to present the Address agreed upon by both Houses to his Majesty; and that accordingly they presented the fame: And that the Lord Steward read it to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was thereupon plealed to say:

a Place called the Red House, near Done after, to Wakefield; and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dews-bury. High Town, and Lightcliffe, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called W’eland, in the Town ship of Henfall-, and from Ptntefraft to Wenlbridge, in the Town-fltip of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of

York-,was committed, That no Person appeared before the Committee in behalf of the Petitions which were referred to the said Committee; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madeseveral Amendmentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of the Estates of Ralph Lane Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Northampton and Cambridge, for discharging the Incumbrances aftefting the fame; and for applying Part of the personal Estate of Elizabeth Lane, his Wife, deceased, in the Purchase of the Cambridgeshire Estate, to be settled pursuant to her Will; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House bath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to impower Judges of Courts of Record in Cities and Towns Corporate to let Fines on Persons who shall be summoned to serveupon Juries in such-Courts, and shall neglectto attend, was read the Thirdtiine. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

I am always very glad to do any tiling that is agreeable be. An Act to impower Judges of Courts of Record in to my Parliament, and for the Benefit and Security of Cities and Towns Corporate, Liberties and Franchises, to my People; and as both Houses desire that a Body of my set Fines on Persons who shall be summoned to serve upon

Answer to Address; Quartering Soidiert on Innkerpere.

German Troops should be brought over hither, to assist in the Defence of this Kingdom in the present critical Conjuncture, I will give immediate Orders for that Purpose.

Juries in such Courts, and shall neglect to attend.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman d® carry the

Bill to the Lords, and de-lire their Concurrence.

The Lord Hobart reported to the House, That their An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty an acldi-Address of Monday last, That his Majesty would begra- tional Duty on Cards and Dice was read the Ihjrd time.

Vol. 27. 7 J

Baugbi Estate*

Red House near Doncaster Road®

Lane’s

Eftaics.

Fine 1 on . Juries neglecting to attend.

Supply Bill; Cards ami Dice.

British Subjefb »ot to serve foreign States.

Supply Bill; Licence Duty.

America; Regulating the Army.

America; Governing Ships, See. by Sea.

Lord

Vere'a

Elute*

558 ik — a0 Jprilis.-.1756.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Cards and Dice.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Disaccording to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent his Majesty s Subjects from serving as Officers or Soldiers under any foreign Prince or States, without his Majesty’s Licence, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and' afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the Report was read.

And i’everal of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer and Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better recruiting Jjis Majesty’s Forces in North America-, and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion there.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Act of the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro)nr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy x* die A

Anno 29° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

MR. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the capital Mcftuage of and di-

vers Lands in Kent, Part of the lettled Estate of Vere Lord Fere, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Robert Bag-Jhavo Esquive, the Purchaser thereof, purtiiant to Articles; and for settling another Estate in the County of MidiUefix, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Al'egi-tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tuat thr Parties concerned had given their, Consent -toft*. Bill, to the SatibfaClion of the Committee-, and that the

Committee had directed him to repoht the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House being informed. That Mr. Poirier, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in, and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Receipt and Expenditure of Money for the Erection of a Fort at Annamaboo: And also.

An Account, shewing the Receipt and Expenditure of Money on Account of the Erection of a Fort at maboo, being a continued Account since January 1755: And also,

N° 1. Extract from the Day Books kept at Cape Coast Castle, betwixt August 15th, 1751, and June 28th, 1754, containing Particulars of the Expences of a Treaty with the Fantees, and of the Goods supplied at Cape Coast

Castle, for building a Fort at Annamaboo.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

The House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Coals and Culm that have been exported out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to foreign Parts, for Seven Years past, ending at Chrijhnes last, with the Duties paid thereon, distingmlh-ing each Year, and the l’everal Ports from which the same have been exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is prelcrved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingtofled Bill from the L^rds, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot the younger, Esquire, settled upon his Marriage, in Trustees, for raising a Sum of Money for discharging Debts and Incumbrance', was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hewett, Mr. More, Mr. Proivje, Mr. Mr.

Cartwright, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sir John

Crojfe, Mr. Foley}Mr. IVhichcot, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Torke, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Nor they. Sir Robert Long, Mr. Pop-ham, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Grove, Mr. Craven, Mr. Price, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

Mr. IVavd, Mr. Sandys, Sir Geo. Lee, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Wilkin [on, Mr. Budgen, Mr. the Marquis of

Granby, Mr. Bacon, Sir Roger Newdiga/e, Mr. Loclcyer, Lord Dowtte, Mr. Fernon, Lord , Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Moore, Mr. Gibbons, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Calvert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wills, Dorset, Somerset, and

Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Jarrit Smith have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Cartwright reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, Two several Acts of Parliament, one of them passed in the 12th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River alias Nme,

running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, and the other made in the 1 ith Year of Ins late Majesty King George the; First, for making more effectual the said former Act; was committed, That the Committee had examined

African

Company.

Account of Coal;, &c»

Talbot*!

Estate.

I.?nve of Absence.

Nerne

River

KavigHiion.

MiWcnhall,

*c.

Rivers.

Kington

Roads,

Wye Bridge fit Hay.

Lerdi,

&C*

Roadt*

Mood’s

Elutes.

29 Geo. II. 2° ApriliL

5$9

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereuntojwhich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the R eport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to Orie of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, and bounded by Mildetthall River on the South, Brandon River on the North, certain Highlands in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge, on the East, and the River Ouze on the West; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, and commonly called InvejledLands; was read a Second time.

Kefolved, That the Bill be committed to the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Crojffe, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Page, Mr. Mr.

fou, Mr. Ufading:, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Mr.

Gore, Mr. EjJis, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Monson, Mr. Torke, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gaftry, Mr. Feilowes, Lord Royston,

Mr. Colleton, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Mr. Rigby, Mr. Affleck, Colonel Lee, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Alderman D’ck nfon, Sir Robert Burdelt, Lord Fane, Mr.

Bend, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Provoje, Mr. Mr. Montagu, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Mr. Vy~

ner. Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir Moreton, Mr. Hewett; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Lincolns And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of Kington, in the County of Hereford, through the WetfhHall Lane, as far as the same County extends;

and the several Roads leading from Kington aforesaid to Brilhy's Mountain, to EardiJIey, to Almely, to Green, to Eardisland, to Staple Bar, and to Milton House,

in the said County of Hereford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge acrol's the River IVye, from the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Radnwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign cifhis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Leeds, through Hanvood, to the South West Corner of the Inclosures of llarrowgate, and from thence in Two Branches, cine, through Ripley over Bur age Great, and the other through Kttarejboroughand B to Ripon, and

from thence to the first Rill of Water, or Watercourse, on Hutton Moor, in the County of 7ork; and for repairing the Sloughs or lints on the said Moor; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Adjudications, now vef e 1 in the Crown by the Conviction or Attainder of Alexander Mackenzie, of Fraferdale, in HughM'Leed, of Genies, Esquire, without ary Amendment.

Vol. 27.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earlrf to enable John Eart of Sandwich, George Earl of Choi-moudeley, and Wdb'ore El/i% Esquire, to take, in Great Bri- q^aiiGtiaa.

lain, the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify rhem-selves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the Third time

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the better supplying the City of Edinburgh with fresh and whollome Water, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be> An Act for the belter supplying the City of Edinburgh with fresh and wholsome Water.

Ordered, That Mr; Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sitpplyirg Edinburgh Ciry with Water.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a Duty Supply Bill; upon Licences for retailing Beer and Ale, and other ex- 1ll.cfnce cifeable Liquors, was read the Third time. uty*

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for establishing a Method of granting such Licences in Scotland-, and for allowing such Licences to be granted at a Petty Session in England, in a certain same therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an al- Duty on phabetical Lift of the several Persons, who have, for Carria^a*. Three Years past, given Notice at the several Offices of Excile in Great Britain, of their having or keeping any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise Marine,

Chaifc, Chair, or Caravan, with the several Sums of Money paid by them on account of the Duties imposed thereon, distinguishing each Year, and the Number of such Carriages kept by each Person.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com- Newton mon Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and Ilulu re. common Grounds, in Newton, in the Parish of C/ifton upon Dunfmore, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and common Grounds, in Newton, in the Parish of Clifton upon Dunfmore, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Morda do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom HenW the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, in Fishery. behalf of themselves, and many others of his Majesty’s industrious Subjects, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. John Cathrart, being examined, said, That the Fishers in general in the Western Parts of Scotland complain of great Oppressions and Exactions which are very prejudicial to them, and a great Discouragement to the carrying on their Trade: That many of the Proprietors of Lands and Blands, or their Agents, exact from the Fishers considerable Sums of Money for Liberty to fish

t

560 2° Apr His. 1756.

Herring in particular Parts >1 the Sea and the Lochs, and re drain Fifoery. them from fishing during the Second and Third Quarters of the Moon, and oblige them to pay One Night’s Fishing in the Week, under the Name of Saturday Night’s Filing; and, in many Places, very considerable Sums are exacted by such Proprietors or Agents under the Name of Foreland Dues and Protestien Money; and that they seize and take away the Fish, and otherways didress them, if these Demands are not complied with:

That he has been concerned in the Fishery, and has allowed for Four Years pad the Payments made by his Fishermen to said Proprietors or Agents; and he produced Two Receipts for Payments, in this Year, of Foreland Dues, Baillies Fees, and Watchmen’s Dues.

And he produced several Certificates of Persons who have been employed in the Fishery, which he said he law signed and atteded, and that the Persons who signed the same are now at Sea, which Certificates are annexed in the Appendix, N° 1; and it appears therein, that considerable Sums of Money have been demanded and taken, for and on the behalf of the said Proprietors, for Foreland Dues, Protection Money, and SaturJayNights Fishing; and that, when these Demands were not complied with, the Fish had been seized, and the Fishermen treated in a very cruel manner; and that they had been redrained from fishing in xMoon-light Nights, and at other times.

Mr. George Walker, being called, said, That in Shetland a Tax has been exacted of a Guinea for each Scotch Boat employed in Ling and Tulk fishing: That such Tax was not paid for the Dutch Ships or Boats; and that if the L:ng and Tulk Fishery was encouraged in Shetland, it would be of general Advantage: And Mr. Cathcart added upon this Head, That, to his certain Knowledge, Two Guineas ter Boat was demanded in Shetland lad Fishing Season: And the said,

Mr. Walker and Mr. Cathcart said. That the Fishery maintains many Thousand People: That they go out in all Weathers, and consequently become in time hardy Seamen.

And in order to prove what Consequence this Fishery is of to the Nation in regard to its Wealth, Mr. Cathcart produced a Certificate from the Custom-house at Campbell ‘town, of the Quantity of Fish that were exported from thence last Year; whereby it appeared, that the Value of the Fish exported from this Place only, in the last Year, amounted to^.15,985. os. 4

And he added, That a much greater Quantity were exported the same Year from other Ports in the Frith of Clyde.

Then an Act, made in in the Third Session of

the First: Parliament of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for advancing and establishing the FishingTrade in and about this Kingdom, was read; which " authorizes the taking, " buying, and curing, of Herrings and White Fish in all " Seas, Channels, Bays, Fritlis, Lochs, Rivers, £5 of " her Majesty’s ancient Kingdom, and Islands thereto " belonging; and also allows the free Use of all Ports, " Harbours, Shores, Forelands, (Ac. for bringing in, pickling, drying, unloading, and loading, the fame, upon " Payment of the ordinary Dues where Harbours are " built; and discharges all other Exactions, such as a " Night’s Fishing in the Week, commonly called day's Fishing, Top-money, Stallage, and the like;" and cnafts, that the Barrels made use of by the Fishers shall lie of a certain Largcness and Quality; and that all Herrings and White Fish put into them shall be pined, cured, and packed, with foreign Salt; and recites several other Acts for encouraging the Fisheries; but the said Acts only declare a general Prohibition, and inflict no. Penalty on Persons acting against them.

Mr. Cathcart further said. That a Person at Lochbroom was l'ued at the Expence of the Royal Boroughs for illegal Exactions on Herring Fishers in that Loch; and after a long Suit first in the Admiralty Court, and then in the Court of Session, he was fined in £.50. Sterling, but the the Charge of prosecuting amounted to much more than 20

the Fine — That, generally speaking, the Fishermen are poor, and not able to prosecute; and all'o live a great Way from the Courts of Justice; and therefore are either obliged byNeceflity to pay these Exactions, orchufe to pay them, rather than be at the Expence and Trouble of a Law Suit.

And he thinks it absolutely necessary, for the Prclerva-tion and Extension of ihis valuable Branch of Trade, that those Acts should be explained, amended, and enforced.

Then in order to shew the Methods used to defraud the Government of the Bounty allowed upon the exporting of Fish in feme of the Western Ports of Scotland and Shetland,

Mr. Cathcart laid. That several Persons, not Inhabitants of Great Britain, made over a Part of their Fishing Boats to Persons in Shetland and the West of Scotland, who swear off the Fish to be exported, and call themselves Proprietors of the Boat and Fish; but he thinks that Fraud might be prevented by amending the Oath of the Exporter.

Then an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the Union of the Two Kingdoms, was read, which enacts, u That, from and after the Union, " the Laws in Scotland for pining, curing, and packing, " Herrings, White Fish, and Salmon, for Exportation, " with foreign Salt only, without any Mixture of " or Irish Salt, shall be continued in Force in Scotland, " subject to such Alterations as shall be made by the " Parliament of Great Britain-, and that all Fish exported " from Scotland, which shall be lb cured, shall have the " same Eases, Premiums, and Drawbacks, as are or shall " be allowed on Exportation of the like Fish from " land."

Then an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for recovering the Credit of the Fishery in

foreign Parts; and for better securing the Duties on Salt, was read; whereby the English Curers of Fish were air lowed to use foreign and British Salt together or separately, in curing Fish for Exportation; and to import foreign Salt, or take from any Salt Work or Salt Pit any such Quantity of British Salt, where the same is allowed by Law, for the curing Fish for Exportation, as they shall think proper, for curing Fish for foreign Markets, without paying any Duty for the fame, except the Customs payable upon the Importation thereof, under the Regulations therein mentioned; and certain Bounties are thereby granted upon the Exportation of Fish.

Mr. Cathcart said, That British and foreign Salt mixed are the moll proper for curing Fish; and that if the Regulations made in England were extended to the Scotch Fishery, it would tend to the Improvement of that Fishery, and would encourage the making of Salt in Scotland:

That the importing of Scotch Fish into England for Home Consumption, under the same Duties as are now paid in England; and the exporting of such Fish from thence, under the same Allowances and Regulations as English cured Fish are now exported; would be of great Advantage to both Parts of the Kingdom; and enable the Merchants, and others in the South Part, to make up their Aflbrtments for the Mediterranean, and other Markets, which, as the Laws now Hand, they cannot do.

An Act, made in the Second and Third Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt, was read; whereby it is declared, That no Herrings shall be brought into England, unless cured with Salt put on board iri some Part ot England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed.

And an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking off the Duty upon all Salt used in the curing and making of white Herrings, and, instead thereof, laying a proportional Duty upon all white Herrings consumed at home only, was also read; whereby white Herrings are allowed to be cured with foreign

29 Geo. II. 20 Ap561

reign or home-made Salt for home Consumptiott or Exportation; and the Curer is to pay Three Shillings and Four Pence per Barrel for all such as are entered for home Consumption. And,

Mr. Cathcart said, That if Scotch white Herrings were allowed to be cured with foreign or British Salt, or with both mixed, under the like Regulations as English Her- rings are allowed to be cured, and to be exported from any Port of Britain under the same Allowances and Regulations as English Herrings are now exported, and to be brought for home Consumption into Scotland, upon Payment of a Duty of One Shilling per Barrel, and into England upon Payment of Three Shillings and Four Pence per Barrel, it would greatly encourage and extend the said Fishery:

And that if Cod, Ling, Tu/k, Salmon, and all other white FiCh, which at present are not importable from Scotland into South Britain, for Exportation, if cured with foreign Salt, or for home Consumption, if cured with Scotch Salt, were allowed to be brought in here for home Consumption, cuted with Scotch made salt, upon paying the Difference of the Duty between English and Scotch Salt, in the same manner as white Herrings are now Brought in, it would also tend to the Extension of the Fishery, and the Benefit of the Revenue.

Thelai Mr. Walker and Mr. George Spence, and Mr. Hugh Cravfurd, said, That to cure a Barrel of wet Fish, containing Thirty-two Gallons, will not take more than One Bushel of homemade Salt; and that One Bushelof such Sait will cure Two hundred Weight of dried Fish.

APPENDIX, N° r.

At Campbell Town, the Fifth Day of September One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-five Years, in Presence of William Finlay Esquire, Provost of Campbell Tozvn, and One of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for ArgyUshire, Mr. Ronald Campbell, Sheriff Substitute of ArgyUshire, for the District of Kintyre, and Mr. Archibald Campbell, Chamberlain of Kintyre, and One of his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for ArgyUshire, compeared Mr. John Cathcart, Merchant in London, who requested, that the said Magistrates would take the Declarations of some Masters of Fishing VdTels, and others, that have been employed in the Herring Fishery in the Ifics, and on the North West Con ft of Scotland, in order to know with Certainty the Truth of the Hardships complained of by People who follow the Herring Fishing in these Parts: Which being agreed to by the said Magistrates, compeared as follows:

Thomas Thomson, Matter of a Fishing Vessel in Campbell Towny certifies, That, in the Year One thousand Seven bunched and Thirty-two, he failed as Matter of a Fishing Vessel to the North West Jfles of Scotland; and, loon after his Arrival at Lochjhaphaig in the Isle of Sky, and, as he best remembers, the first Night he lets his Nets, he caught Forty-eight Barrels of Herrings, which were all taken from him the next Morning by the Laird of Mac-kinnon s Son, in Name of Saturday's Fishing, though it was then the Middle of the Week; and when the said Thomas Thomson complained of having his Fish taken from him, he was severely threatened; and some of his Neighbours from Campbell Tozvn were actually beat in his View: That, tome Days after, a Dispute happening between some of the Campell Tozvn Fishers and the Natives of the Country, with respect to the Saturday\Fishing, he the said Thomas Thomson was kicked and beat, and many of his Companions were bound, and whipped with Ropes taken out of their own Vessels, after being stripped naked — And that there was Plenty of Fish in that Loch at the time when the Fishers from this Place were obliged to come home with about One-third of their Cargoes, being in Terror of Their Lives — And the said Thomas Thomson further certitics, That, some Years after, he was fishing at Lochorn and Lochnivas, in the Estate of Glcngerry, where, as well as at Lochjhaphaig, the Baillies of the Country constantly exacted one Night’s Fishing in the Week, with Three Shillings Sterling of Foreland Dues for each Last,

VOL. 27.

besides four Pence Sterling each Night, of Prote&km

Money:

That, in the Year Thirty-fiVe, as he best remembers, he was at the Herring Fishing in Lochbroom, where all the Campbell Town Fishers were obliged to pay at the Rate of Four Shillings the Last of Foreland Dues and Protection Money; and that, in all the above-mentioned Places, the Fishers from Campbell Town were discharged Fishing the Second and Third Quarters of the Moon; and if they had been allowed to fish with the Moon Light, they would frequently have made their Cargoes, when they were obliged to come home without them; and that the Baillies of the Country often commanded them to fish how and where they the Baillies pleased, though they knew little about Fishing.

Arch. Campbell, J. P. Tho. Thomson.

Dugald M‘ Naught one, Master of a Fishing Vessel in Campbell Town, certifies, That he was fishing at all the Places mentioned by Thomas Thomson, and at the same Times, and was Witness to all that is certified by him; and further certifies. That the Second Night he the said Dugald M'Naughtane set his Nets in Lochjhaphaig, he fished Forty-eight Barrels of Herrings, which were all taken from him by the Proprietor of the Country, in Name of Saturday's Fishing; and that having once set his Nets at Lochbroom, in Day-light, contrary to the Baillie^Order$,he was fined in a Guinea, though the Natives of the Country were fishing the re at the same time without anyDisturbance* or paying any thing for Liberty to fish with Day-light.

Duncan M'Intaggart, Fisher in Campbell Town, certifies, That he was fishing at all the Places mentioned by Thomas Thomson, and at the same times, and was Wit nett to all that is certified by the said Thomas Thomson.

Arch. Campbell\ J. P. his

Duncan D M Mi Taggart.

Initials.

Donald M* Niven, Fisher in Campbell Town, certifies. That he was fishing in each of the Lochs mentioned by Thomas Thomson, and paid the same Foreland Dues and Protection Money, and was difclnrged Fishing with Moon Light; and that, in the first-mentioned Loch, he the said Donald M%Niven was stripped and beat, with many others of the Fishers from Campbell Tozvn; and further certifies, That he fished Five Years successively preceding, fishing Fifty-two in Lochroig, to the North West of the Lews — That, each of these Y'ears, they paid Six Pence Sterling of Foreland Dues for each Last, and each Vessel paid from Two Shillings and Six Pence to Five Shillings yearly, of Protection Money, to the Baillie of the Country; and he believes they would have made their Cargoes Several Years they came home without them, had they been allowed to fish with Moon Light, as the Herrings usually ramble most with Moon Light.

Jurat, coram Arch. Campbell, J. P.

Donald Mh Niven.

Archibald Arnnt, Fisher in Campbell Tozvn, ceitifies. That he was fishing in all the Lochs mentioned by Donald M*Niven, except Lochjkaphaig; and that he paid the same Foreland Dues, Protection Money, and Saturday's Fishing, and was discharged fishing with Moon Light.

Arch. Campbell, J. P. Archibald Arnut.

Edward Alexander, Master of a Fishing Vessel in Catnp~ bell Town, certifies. That, for Five Years preceding, fishing Fifty-two, he fished at Lochroig, where he was always discharged to fish the Second and Third Quarters of the Moon, and paid the Baillie of the Country from Two Shillings and Six Pence to Five Shillings yearly, of Protection Money, with Six Pence of Foreland Dues for each Last; and that their being discharged to fish with Moon Light, is very prejudicial to Fishing in the general; which appears from the Success they had on the Couft of Barrd in the Year Fifty-two, where they fished without any Molestation by Day and Moon Light.

Arch. Campbell, j. P. Edward Alexander.

Archibald Fleeming Merchant, formerly Fisher in Campbell Town, certifies, That the Facts certified by Thomas Thomson, Dugald NTNaughtanc, Duncan M'Intaggart,

7 D Donald

Herring

Fiflwry.

2° — 50 Jprilis. " J. 1756.

Herring

fishery.

Shrewsbury

Streets.

Donald M‘Niven, Archibald Avnut, and Edward Alexander, with respect to the Payment of Foreland Dues, Protection Money, and Saturday's Fishing, and their being discharged, and actually hindered, from fishing with Day or Moon Light, when the Natives were allowed to filli Day and Night, as they pleased, and frequently with great Succcfs, are true, and consist with his Knowlege > he being Witness to the Whole himself.

Arch. Campbell, J. P. Archibald Fkeming.

Edward Orr Merchant, formerly Ffiher in Campbell Town, certifies, That the Fasts certified by Thomas Tiiom-Jon, Du paid Ml Naught ane, Duncan AT Intaggart, Donald AT Niven, Archibald Arnut, and Edward Alexander, with rdpeft to the Payment of Foreland Dues, Protection Money, and Saturdays Fishing, and their being discharged, and actually hindered, from fishing with Day or Moon Light, when the Natives were allowed to fifii Day and Night, as they plealed, and frequently with great Success, are true, and consist with his Knowledge; he being Witness to the Whole himself.

Arch. Campbell, J, P. Edward Orr.

James Robinson Merchant, formerly Fisherin Campbell Town, certifies. That the Fads certified by Thomas Thom-Jon, Dugald ATNaughtane, Duncan ATlntaggart, Donald AT Niven, Archibald Arnut, and Edward Alexander, with respect to the Payment of Foreland Dues, Protection Money, and Saturday's Fishing, and their being dip charged, and actually hindered, from fishing with Day or Moon Light, when the Natives were allowed to fish Day and Night, as they pleased, and frequently with great Success, are true, and consist with his Knowlege he being Witness to the Whole himself.

Arch. Campbell\ J. P. James Robinson.

We hereby certify. That the before-mentioned Persons have all of them, for many Years past, been employed in the Herring Fishing on the North West Coasts Scotland: That they are all intimately known to us, and have always been reputed Persons of Honesty and Integrity.

William Finlay, Provost and Justice of the Peace.

Rond. Campbell, Sheriff Substitute for Kintyre.

Arch. Campbell, J. P.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve it {elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. More reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving and amending, cleansing,t enlightening, and watching, the Streets, Highways, Lancs, and Passages, within the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply* resolve its If into a Committee of the whole 1 louie, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

R Jolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The ifoufe, according to Order, resolved itself into a ^menc?» Committee of the whole House, upon the B.l! for the better recruiting of his Majesty’s Forces in North America, and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion there.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rigby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wed-nejday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- mcr!Ca;

J r 1 nr n r r II Govern 1 nor

ing next, resolve nidi into a Committee of the whole ship.% &c. House, upon the Bill for extending the Act of the 22d by Se*. Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forres by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America.

And then the House adjourned till A.Tonday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lw'.cc, 50 die A prills;

Anno 290 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Milford, Account from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; PubUc^Debt He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the public Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, standing out at the 5th ot January 1756, being Old ChriJhnas , with the annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

29 Geo. II. 5"

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

5*3

As ACCOUNT of all the public Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, (landing out at the 5 th

ary 1756 (being Old Christmas Day), with the annual interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

Exchequer.

tributed and unsubscribed to the South Sea Company

Sum contributed ——

Ditto - - for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after Wh; fallen in by Deaths -

Duties on Salt further continued, Anno 174; - -

Exchequer Bills made out for Interest of old Bills

Note, The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, being annual Gra are not charged in this Account, nor the chat

on the Deductions of 6 d. p on Pensions, tec.

East India Company.

By Two A<51s of Parliament, 9’ 111Hi. 3 Regis, and Two other 1 6° & 9° Ann* Regin*, at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum

Annuities at £. $per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1744, charged on the Sur|

of the additional Duties on low Wines, Spirits, and strong Waters

Bank of

On their original Fund at £.3 perCent. per Annum, from the 1 ft 1743 For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 30 Georgii primi Regis Purchased of the South Sea Company -

Annuities at £. 3 f per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Duties on Coals, (Ac. since Lady-day 1719 Ditto - - at £.3$ per Cent, per Annucharged on the Surplus of the Funds for Lottery 1714 -

Ditto - - at £. 3 \ per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1746, charged on Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, since Lady-day 1746 -

Ditto - - at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Sinking Fund by the Act 15° Georgii 2 di Regis - -

Ditto - - t.% per Cent. inti per) . 2,7,6.867 ,8-

Cent, ter Annum, charged on the said; 1 r A ' ,

Fund by the said Act; viz. - M ^ConU 4

Di tto - - at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, being Part of£ 1,000,000 charged on the said Fund by the Act 28* Georgii idi Regis

Memorandum: The Subscribers of£. 100 to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of gs. a Ticket, which amounted to £.22,500; but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £. 20,695. 10s.; and the Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of iSj. a Ticket, which amounted t°£.45,000, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £.41,043. ior.; which Annuities are an Increase of the rational Debt; but cannot be added thereto, as no Money was advanced for the fame

South Sea Company.

On their capital Stock and An-iat £. 4 per Cent. nuitits, 90 Georgii primi Re-,at /. 3-- per Cent, gis\ viz. - - -Jat £. 3. perCent.

Annuities at £.3 per Cent, per Annum 9 Anno 1751, charged on the Sinking

3,662,784 8

15^335>720 5 — ( - 6,026,805 — 5 )

Fund

r-

Principal Debt. Annual Jnrereft, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

£. x. d. £. s.

1,836,275 17 iof 136,453 12 8

108,100 — — 7,567

84,755 14 ioj 167,400 2,200 1 i , 10,251 12 — 5,859

\ - 3,200,000 97,^5 H 4

1,000,000 30,401 15 8

3,200,000 500,000 — 4,000,000 — — 100,000 — »- 17,500 141,898 3 54

1,750,000 61,250

1,250,000 43,750

986,800 — — 34,538

9>x 37>8z 1 i7,7°h323 16 4 278,585 a 9 615,846

900,000 — 27,000 —

- V.J - Act,739

25>025>3°9 *3 11 i 878,632 12 0{

2,100,000 — 64,181 5 —

72,949,986 8 2i|2 ,612,738 17 ti

Memorandum: The Accounts of the Exchequer continuing to be made up to the old Quarter Days, is the Reason that this Account is made up to the 5th ot January 1756 [Old Christmas Day), and not to Christmas Day lad, as directed by the Order of this honourable House.

Exchequer, the 5th Day of 1756.

Vol. 27.

Edward IVilford.

Ordered,

564 5® Aprilis. . 175

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Stirewftuiry A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for; »h7'Sh repairing the Roads from the Town of

Kaads? through Ellesmere, in the County of Salop, and Overton, in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh-, and likewise to repair and widen several Roads leading from the above-mentioned Roads; and also the Road {torn. Wrexham aforesaid to Chester, and from thence to Ewloe in Hatvardin Parish, and from Ezvloe, through the Towns of No; thop, Flint, and to

y waen; and also the Road from Bret ton to Mold, in the County of Flint; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Philipps, Sir Charles Mr.

Mr. More, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Hill, Sir Wm.

ProElor, Mr. Harditige, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Onslow, Sir William Owen, Lord Mr.

Mr. Reynolds, Mr. WilkiMr. Hume, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Bond, Mr. Sir Cordel Fire-

brace, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Godo/pbin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. MedlycotMr. Mr. Mr.

Towujhend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Mr. Campbell, Sir Geo. Da/fton and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Stafford, Hereford, Worcester, and the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Francfce's -An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the Estates of Evelyn Charles Francke and Edward Francke Esquires, in the County of in Trustees, to be sold for discharging a Mortgage affecting the fame; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled pursuant to the Wills of the said Evelyn Charles Francke and Edward Francke, re-lpeftively; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Trifle, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Sir Geo. Dalflon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Oiylozv, Mr. Moore, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bond, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandy's, Mr. Hill, Sir James Creed, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Foley, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Tyner , Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Fe/Iozves, Mr. Wfl, Mr. A Mr. Am-

cotts. Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Willes, Mr. Nugent, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Colonel Leslie, Mr. Hume, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Gaff.ry, Mr.

Mr. Barry, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Mr. Mor-

gan; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Wilts, and: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fleetwood’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mate. fuT Sale of the Manor and capital Messuage of

and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of John Fleetwood Esquire, deceased, and purchasing another Estate to be settled to the LTfes in his Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hume, Mr. West, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Mr. Kent, Mr. Gnjhry, Mr. Cope, Mr. Frederick, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Bond, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr. Dicker, Mr.

Gajhry, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. More, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Montagu, the Marquis of Granby, Mr, Lifter, Lord Strange, Mr. Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Downe,

Sir Edmund Iff am, Sir Charles Kemys Mr. Medly-

cott, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. P Mr. Bond, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Affleck-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Sufl'ex, Kent, Essex, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Srreple for confirming and establishing an Exchange of Tythes, p A[|on Cottages, and Lands, for a Messuage, Farms, Lands, and xc an£e‘ Common of Pasture, in Staple Aston, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to an Agreement between the Principal and Scholars of King's Hall and College of Brazen Nose, in Oxford, John Eaton Clerk, and Francis Page Esquire; and also for giving Power to the said Francis and

others claiming under the Will of Sir Francis Page Knight, deceased, to make a Jointure on any Wife or Wives with whom they may intermarry; was read a,

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir digale, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Prozvfe, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Edmond lfham, Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. Hewett, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Palmer, Sir Cordel Fire-brace, Mr. More, Mr. Foley, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Reynolds, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bond, Mr. Mr.

Bacon, Mr Amcotts, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pye, Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Northey, Mr. Ward, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Bolton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Curzon, Mr.

Powell, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Gorges,

Mr. Harley, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Martin, Mr. Myddelton

Mr. Powney, Mr. Vynef, Mr. Willes, Mr. Barry, Mr.

Walter, Mr. Keck, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Craven, Sir Richard Groflvenor, Mr. Grove, Mr. Morton, Sir Wm.

Meredith, Mr. Lane, Sir John Morgan, Mr.

Mr. Pitt, Lord Pulteney, Mr. Aifllabie, Mr. Dicker, Mr.

Hunt -, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Northampton, Warwick, Bucks, Worcester, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for veiling the capital Messuage of Ha/fled, and divers Vere’» Lands in Kent, Part of the settled Estate of Vere Lord Vere, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Robert Bags haw Esquire, the Purchaser thereof, pursuant to Articles; and for settling another Estate in the County of A of

greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the explaining, amending, and Neene rendering more effectual, Two several Acts of Parliament,

One of them passed in the 12th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Neene alias Nine, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, and the other made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty.

King George the First, for making more effectual the said former Act, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, Two several Acts of Parliament, One of them passed in the Thirteenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, and the other made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the said former Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill [to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eld anJ Mr.

Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

V

29 Geo. II.

5° Apri

565

Lord

Bulkeley’s

Mr. Speaker, legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made carrying into Execution several Contracts made by, or on several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed

fciul’s

Nit.

Colneis and Carlford Boor.

fiirew/bury

Streets.

African

Conpany.

Wapping

Streets.

the behalf of, James late Lord Bulkeley in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life-time, for the Sale of several Lauds and Tenements in the County of Chester, and for applying the Purchase-money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence 01 this House: And aHo,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Paul: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Melfcngers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Relief and employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Redief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Affleck do carry the Bill to the Lords, desire their Concurrence.

Jnfolrent

Debtors.

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe« verally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed toby the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Chester, in the room of Charles Cholmondeley, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, so; repairing and widening the

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to obviate a Doubt arilen on an Act, made Rond from Leicester to Nar borough, and fr >m Leicejlet in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for the Relief of Sheriffs, Gaolers, and Keepers of Prisons, in respect of any Escapes of any such Debtors as, after having complied, as far as in them lay, with the Directions of the said Act, in order to their Ddchirge, had been detained in Custody in consequence of the said Doubt.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration oftiuReportfr mi the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better paving and amending, cleansing, enlightening, and watching, the Streets, Highways, Lanes, and Passages* within the Town of Shrew/-bury, in the County of Salop, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for laving to the Owners of the Water Works a Power to break up the Pavements.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, until the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the several Papers from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa,> which were presented to the House upon Friday last, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Setlion.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

Chester

County

Writ.

LerCcfrjr,

&c.

React*.

to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick^ and from thence to Halford Bridge; and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon; and from Coventry to Marly ns Gutter, leading towards S tone I erf 1 Town; and for f upplying an Omission in an Act passed in the ia(t Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, so far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road which leads from the Town of Hinckley9 in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton) and from thence through the Parishes of Chilvers Cotton and Bed worth, to Bifhofs 'Gate, in the City of Coventry; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the betterordering of the Militia Forcesin the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, was re-committed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Militia La ws.

Sir William Beauchamp Proflorreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Regulating the nightly Watch and Beadies, and better enlightening and cleaning

the Streets, and other Places and Passages, and repairing railing the Supply granted to His Majesty. the Highways, within the Parishes of St. George, St. John

flapping, St, Paul Shadwell, and the Hamlet of Rat- this House will, upon

diffe, in the County of Middlesex, and the Precinct of ing next, re'olre itself into a Committee of the whole Well Close, in the Royalty of the Cower of London, was House, to consider further of the Supply o

committed. That the Committee had examined the Al- His Majesty.

Vol. 27. 7 E Resolved,

Way*

and Means.

Supply.

America 5 Governing Ships, Scc, fcy Sea,

Cory ton’s Estates.

Aubrey’s

Estates.

haul’s

Nat,

Red House near Doncaster Road.

5 66 50 — 6* Aprilis. A. 1756.

Resolved, Hut this House will/ Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Act of the 22d Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or llivers, in America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. ' '

Mart is, 6° d April is;

Anno 29" Georgii Il‘" Regis, 1756. Prayers.

SI II John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lord.-., intituled, An Act for enabling Ann Coryto Elizabeth Goodall, arid William Goodall, to make Leases of several E('totes in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, during the Minorities of

John Coryton, and others, the Infant Children of Coryton Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same tobe true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir John Philipps, reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill ftom the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard Gough Aubrey Esquire, in the Counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and Carmarthen, in Trustees, to raise Money to discharge several Incumbrances affefting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegatiuns of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. 6. L. 31. Leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " and, " in L, 36.

Pr. 15. L. 27. After " Counties," insert "of :"

Pr. 35. L. 1. In the Schedule, leaveout " and insert " Richard."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Paul, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Lionel Pilkington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red House near , to

Wakefield, and through the said Town of by Dewsbury, High Town, and Lightcliffe, to the Town of

Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Township of Henfall, and from PontefraCl to Went-

bridge, in the Township of Darringtcn, in the West Riding of the County of York; was rc-committed, That the Committee had made some other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question teverally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties payable by all Peri’ons anil Bodies Politic or Corporate having certain Quantities of Silver Plate, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ship's of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of North:!/, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of settled on the

Marriage of Sir Hutchins Williams Baronet, and deviled by the Will o! William Peere his Father, respectively, in Trustees, in order to be conveyed to tha Child Widow, and her Heirs, pursuant to Articles of

Agreement for that Purpose; and for lur ing out the Money anting by Sale of the Ellate devised by the said Will in the Pure hate ot' Lands to be settled to the Use- of that Will;and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mdl'engers withdrew.

Sir John Barnardpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to render more cft'eftual an Act, made in the 7th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice ot Stockjobbing: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Bonnet, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the Way, in the Parish of Tarpote, in the County of Hereford, to in

the County of Radnor, and from thence to;

and from Prefieigne through Nafii to the Top of Trapp

and to Woofer ton, in the County of Hereford aforesaid; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the Rye Way in the Parish of Tarpole, in the County of Hereford, to Prefieigne, in the County of Radnor, and from thence to and from Prefieigne aforesaid to the Top of Trapp Hill; and from the Rye Way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to Wooferton, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Sir John Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act for felling the settled Estate of Th Baugh Esquire,

in the County of Uercjord, and for settling another Estate of

Supply Bill; silver Plate,

Supplying Man ims and Seartien*

Williams*

Estates.

Pi eventing Stockjobbmj

Bon netY Nat.

Rye Way

Roads.

Baugh's

Estate.

sp Geo. II.

6° — 70

567

?*r

ibhn

Qualifying for Offices, &c.

Foundling

Hospital.

nr

fc.Lrtv

of greater Value to the Uses of his Grandfather’s Will, and his own Marriage Settlement, respectively, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themftlvcs for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itlell into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

Mr. Secretary Fox, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof the Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospiia! for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, the Re-solutions, which the Committee had dincted him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the C'erle's Table: Where the fame

were read; and are as foilowerh, viz;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the enabling the Hospital for the Maintenance and and dispose of, Tenements, and Grounds for the making Education of exposed and deferred young Children, to andereAingan additional Buildingtotheir CollegeorHall, receive all the Children which shall be offered, is the only for the Reception and Maintenance of Six Fellows and Ten

Scholars, founded by the Will of deceased j

and for impowering any Corporations within the said Uni-> versity to sell and convey other Lands and Tenements for that and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bilftothe House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

America; Governing Ships, Sic. by Sea.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the AA of the and Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shallferve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers in Forth America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurti, 70 die Aprilis;

Anno 29® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756,

Prayers.

MR. Edward Finch reported from the Committee, to Kat|,eriM whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. Hall, An Act for enabling the Master and Fellows of Katherine Cambridge^ Hall, in the University at Cambridge, to purchase, settle.

Estatei,

Mel hod to render that charitable Institution of lafling and general Utility.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, to render the said Hospital of lading and general Utility, the A Alliance of Parliament is necelffiry.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, to render the said Hospital of general Utility and Effect, it should be enabled to appoint proper Places in all Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, of this Kingdom, for the Reception of all exposed and deserted young Children.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, hav-

Mr. Morice reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Sir John Molesworth Baronet, and Jofep/t Moyle Esquire, Two of the surviving Trustees in an Indenture, ing been informed of the State and Condition of the said dated the 25th Day of December 1743, to raise the several

Gregor’s

ElUte.

Call of 1 he House,

Hospital, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to make feme Provision for the better carrying on so useful a Charity.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

British Sub- The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned jeets not to Consideration of the Report f.om the Committee of the ^States w^e to whom the Ei.i to prevent his Majesty’s

Subjects from serving as Officer . ukI Soldiers under any so-

Sums in the said Indenture mentioned, or such of them as are still unsatisfied, and pay the lame, as well as the rest of the personal Estate of Hugh Gregor, deceased, to such Person as Jane Gregor, an Infant, shall marry during her Infancy, with the Consent of the said surviving Trustees, and of her Guardians, wascommitted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:

The House being informed, That some of the Commit sioners of the Customs attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

reign Prince or States, without his Majesty’s Licence, was House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Attainder for Felony under this Act shall work Corruption of Blood.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Vpi,. 27.

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods brought into the East India Warehouses in St.Helen's, since Michaelmas 1754; and also what have been exported from that time to Michaelmas 1755: And also,

N® 2.' An Account of the Species and Quantities of prohibited East India Goods in St. ifr/'«’sWarehouses at Michaelmas 1755: And also,

N° 3. An Account of East India prohibited Goods brought into the East India Warehouses at Leadenhall, Fenchurch Street, and Billeter Lane, since

t754>

Account of East India Good*.

568 7° April 175 6.

1754; and also what have been exported from that time to Michaelmas 1755: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Species and Quantities of prohibited East India Goods in Fenchurch

Street, and Billiter Lane Warehouses, at Michaelmas 1755: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited India Goods re-

maining in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London At Michaelmas 1734: what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1755: And also,

IV 6. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1734; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1755: And also,

N° 7. An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Helens, Leadenliall Street, Street, Billiter Lane,

and Custom House, in the Port of Louden, since Michaelmas 1754, in order to be dyed, glazed,; what have been returned, and what remained, out of the said Warehouses, at Michaelmas 1755.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The House was moved. That the special Return, with respect to lhe said Accounts, which was made to the House by the Comrr.issioner.-: of the Customs, upon the

19th Day of November last, might be again read.

Ar.d the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

LoH Bulks- An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ley’» Estate. f0r carryinginto Execution several Contracts, made by, or on the behalf of, James late Lord in the Kingdom

of Ireland, in his Life-time, for the Sale of several Lands and T 'enements in the County of Chester.eencl for applying the Purchase-money to discharge Incumbrances afftfting the lame, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

NaT'* Bill for naturalizing Francis an Infant, un-

dt’ der the Age of 18 Years, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Webb, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Hardin ge, Mr. Bclchier, Mr. JMr. Ohms, Mr. Ducket, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Ncjbit, Sir James Creed, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mr.

Reynolds, Mr. Moore, Mr. Let vis. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Pole, Mr.

Mr. Crefiveil, Mr. Hezvett, Mr. Bolton, Sir Charles -

daunt, Mr. Alexander, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Yorke, Mr. L\fler, Mr. Ilume, Mr. Lord Verney, Mr. Nor-

th.y, Col. Cornwallis, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Crojfe, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr. Cur-

%on, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. PMr. Mr. Trijl, Mr. Barber, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Mr. Off ley, Mr. Med-

dlycott, Mr. Walter, Sir Lynch Colton, Sir John Lord Downe, Mr. Gower, Mr.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Coryton’* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for £itates. enabling Anne Coryton, Elizabeth Goodhall, and William Goodha/l,to make Leases of several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, during the Minorities of John Coryton, and others the infant Children of Peter Qoryton El-quire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

IS

The House was moved, That Part of An Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven at Sandwich, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a more safe and commodious Harbour at Ramsgate, is committed, That they have Poewr

to make Provision in the said Bill, for explaining and amending the said Act, with resp;ft to the Purchase and Conveyance of Lands for building and enlarging the said Harbour.

Ordered, That the Plans relating to the said Harbour, which have been preTented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to annex the said Plans to the said Bill,

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert Elliott, Mr. Mr.

Scott, L id Carysfort, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir JeJiru Crcjje, Mr. Bclchier, Sir Samuel FlndyColonel Mr.

Harvey, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Sleper. Air.

Cooke, Mr. Hezvett, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a more safe and commodious Harbour at Ramsgate, is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for the better paving and amending, cleansing, enlightening, and watching, the Streets, Highways, Lanes, and Passages, within the Town of in the County of Salop, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz

Pr. 4. L. 15. To leave out " Lamplighters

Pr. 5. L. 11. To leave out " as."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: and that the Title be, An Act for the better paving and amending, cleansing, enlightening, and watching, the Streets, Highways, Lanes, and Passages, within the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. More do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Nar borough; and from to Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwick; and from thence to Halford Bridge, and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon; and from Coventry to Marty ns Gutter, leading towards Town; and for

supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zotich, in the County of cester, so far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road, which leads from the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton, and from thence through the Parishes of Cotton and Bed-

worth, to Bi/hup's Gate in the City of Coventry; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Nar borough; and from Leicester to Coventry, and from l lienee, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from thence to Halford and from War-

wick to Stratford upon Avon; and from Coventry to tyn’s Gutter, leading towards Stoneleigh Town; and for supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Sect fion of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, so

far

Ramsgate

Harbour.

Dktfc

Shrewibufjf

Streets.

Leicester*

&c.

Roads*

9 Geo. II. *jd

London

Blidge.

York

Bo.itiiugs*

SuppI/,

for as the same relates to that Part of the said Road which leads from the Town of , in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton, and from thence

through the Pari Hies of ChilverCotton and , to

Bishop'sGate, in the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Rill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, was read a Second tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Philipps, Sir IVm. Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vyner, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Prozcfe, Mr. Walter, Sir Charles

Mordaunt. Sir Cordel Firebrr.ee, Mr. Feilotues, Sir John Molesworth, - Mr. Medlycott, Sir Charles Kcrnys Sir John Morgan, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Foley, Mr. tnons, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Sir Roger Nevdigate, Mr. Cartzvright, Sir John Turner, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Sir IVm. Beauchamp Proll or, Mr. More, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Geo. Onslow, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Gajhry, Lord Hobart, Mr. 0fie aid. Lord Mai pas, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Amcotis, Lord Egmont, Mr. Buller, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Cope, Mr.

Mr. Bond, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hamilton, iVIr. Cunliffe, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Digby, Mr. Mr. Fletcher,

Mr. Butler-, and all the Members who lerve for the City of London and Counties of MSurrey, and Kent, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to haveVoices.

Ordered, That Mr. Hayes, Mr. Barber, Lord Bateman, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Thomas Coventry, Mr. Ward, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in York Buildings, in the Parish of St. in the Fields, in the County of to make and

levy a Rate on themselves, sufficient to answer the Expence of pulling down, removing, rebuilding, and repairing, of the Terrace Walk and Water Gate, and such other Part of the Premisses adjoining to the River and belonging to the said Buildings, as shall be judged necessary, and for keeping the same in Repair for the future,.is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve i}self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " 1754-^-

" The Account of the Committee of the Company of " Merchants trading to Africa, distinguishing each Par-

ticular," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Papers, containing Two Memorials of Robert Taylor, Statuary to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, together with a Report from tire principal Officers of his Majesty’s Board of Works, to the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury; and also a Paper, intituled, " A Bill for eroding a Monument in Westminster Abbey to the Memory of Captain Contewall, by Order of the Lord Chamberlain; annexed " thereto," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,.That the Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1755 hath been dil-poled of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the .19th Day of January 1756, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took die Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this Home will, upon Friday Morn-,ing next, resolve itfalf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir John Philipps presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arile concerning the Eledors of Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England, and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Lord Barrington presented to the IIoulc, by his Majesty’s Command, Estimate of the Charge of Two Regiments of Foot ordered from Ireland to America-,

and of Four Regiments of Foot on the Establishment, serving in North America and the ladies, for the Year 1756.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followed’.; viz.

Vol. 27.

7*

ESTIMATE

FJ rations

of Khigiiti O t vHhfcS.

Kftiimte; Irish TroopJ in America*

America* Regelating ihe Army.

Militia

Laws.

Ways and Means.

America; Governing Ships, &. c. by S«a.

Militia

Laws.

57° 7° — 8* A. 175<5.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two Regiments of Foot, ordered from Ireland to North arul of Four

Regiments of Foot on the Irish Establishment serving in North America and the East Indies, for the Year 17 36.

Pay of Lieutenant General Otway's Regiment, from the 3d of March, the Day of their Embarkation at Cork, to the 24th December 1756 - -

Pay of the Augmentation to the said Regiment, from 25th December 1755 to the 24th of December 1756

Lord John Murray's Regiment, the same - -

Difference of Pay between the British and Establishments, for Major General Lascelles's Regiment, from 25th of December 1753 to 24th December 1756 -

Pay of the Augmentation to the said Regiment for the same time

*0,179 13 6

7,686-----

912 5 6

10,614 — —

Major General Abercrombie's Regiment, the same - -

Colonel Webb's Regiment, the same -

Difference of Pay between the British and Irish Establishments, for Colonel AdlercronsRegiment, from 25th December 1755

to 24th December 1756 ----- 912 5 6

Pay of the Augmentation to the said Regiment for the said time 8,662 17 —

Totai. .*

Numbers.

1,14 5 M4 5

£’ S’

17,867 13 6

17,865 13 6

>,>45 M45 L«4 5

>1.536 5 6

11,536 5 6

>>,536 5 6

977 9.575 2 6

6,702 79-9'5 6

War-Office,

7 th Day of April 1756.

| Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perul'cd by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Recruiting of his Majesty’s Forces in North America; and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion, there, was committed:

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Act of the 2ad Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces, by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, greatWaters, or Rivers, in North America.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker lett tins Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to tit again.

24

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, S° di;

Anno 290 Georgii IP" Regis, 1756. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Northall, and clivers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of IN id die; ex, settled on the Marriage of Sir Hutchins Baronet,

and devised by the Will of William Peere , his

Father, respectively, in Trustees, in order to be conveyed to Agatha Child, Widow, and her Heirs, pursuant to Articles of Agreement for that Purpose ;and for laying out the Money, arising by Sale of the Estate devised by the said Will in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the Vfos of that Will ? and for other Purposos therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Webb reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Francis J, an Infant under the Age of 18 Years, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House. without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws were expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued. That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards

delivered

Williams*

Estates.

Jalabcrt’s

Nat.

Expiring

Laws,

29 Geo. II.

57l

delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read: and are as followeth; viz.

Rifohed) That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, which was to continue in Force for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and was explained and amended by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and which, by another Act made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further explained and amended, and continued until the 25th Day of March 1740, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, with the several Articles and Clauses therein contained, except the Clause in the said last mentioned Act, for setting mutual Debts one against the other, which, by the said Act, is made perpetual, was further continued, ficm the Expiration thereof, until the 1 ft Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act made in the 21st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and amend several Laws for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to rectify a Mitlake in an Act, passed in the last; Session of Parliament, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned; and to continue Two Acts, the one passed in the 19th Year, the other in the 20th Year, of his present Majesty's Reign, to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, was, lo far as relates to the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment ct their Persons, further amended and continued until the ift Day of June 1754, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is expired, and ought to be revived.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Acc, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, to be computed from the 24th Day of June 1733, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 19th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration of the said last mentioned Term, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 24th Day of June 1756; is near expiring, and fir to be continued.

The Two first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, waspoftponed.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the Two First Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Bacon, Sir John ‘Turner, Mr. Crowle, and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of the Act mentioned

Vol. 27.

in the last Resolution of the said Committee, which hath been postponed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rennet and Mr-Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Licences ior retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors; and for establishing a method of granting lbch Licences in Scotland; and for allowing such Licences to be granted at a Petty Session in England, in a certain same therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Cards and Dice, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers granted by an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign for effectually amending and repairing the Road leading from Wandsford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough cf Stamford, in the County of Lincoln; and for repairing the Road from the Borough of Stamford, to Stapleford Bridge, in the Parish of Ryhall, in the County of Rutland, and from thence to Bourne, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Colcbam Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and to the Top of Lythwood Hill; and fioin Pulley Common to the Maypole in Condover; and from Coleham Bridge to Longdon. in the County of Salop; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury, to Preston Brockhurst, to Sk aw bury, and to Shreyhill, in the County of Salop; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for imbanking and preferring certain Fen Lands and low Grounds called the Washes, lying and being in the several Parishes of Sutton, Me pal, Witcham, Ely, Witclford, Wentworth, Coveney, and Downham, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and of Bluntifham with Earith, in the County of Huntingdon; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough; and from the East End of Mar ham Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton; and from the Town of Bourne to the Town of Golfer worth; and from Donington High Bridge to the Cross Post in the Parish of Hacconby; and from the East End of a Lane called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quarrington, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the High Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the said County therein mentioned; and for the effectual amending the same; without any Amendment: And a'lb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing Tinwe/l Fields, in the County of Rutland; and for settling a Stipend on the Rector, in lieu of Glebe and Tythes; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition between John Leman Esquire, and Elizabeth Newnham and John Newnham Esquire, of several Estates in the City of London and Counties of Mid-

dlesex

Supply Bill; Lira ice Duty.

Supply Bill; <j;»rd> and Dice.

Wandsford

Bridge

to

Stamford

Load.

Shrew (Hu nr

to Church Sr-erron Load*.

Shrew (bury-to Prerton

Brock I writ Loads.

Waflie*

in

Bedford

Level

Drainage.

Lincoln

Heath,

&c.

Reads.

Darlington

Load.

Tinwell

Inclosure.

Leman’s

Estates.

Charing Cross

Improvement.

fcrtfv’i

N*nie.

Leman’s

Estates.

MiMenhall,

&c.

fcivcvs.

America; Keotilating the Army.

572 8° A prills. A. 1756.

Slefex &nd Huntingdon; and for veiling and settling the intire Premises, which, on such Partit'100, were allotted to the Paid John Leman, and Elizabeth and

John Newnham rdpe&ively, to the Uses therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew,

Mf; Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge crol's the River of Thames, from the City of minster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of to purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and Weflhiinster Bridge: And the (lime was received.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing and impowering John Riley, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of , instead of

the Surname of Riley, was read the Third time.

Rcfoived, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Hewett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition between John Leman Esquire, anti Elizabeth Newnhamand John Esquire, of several Estates in the City of London and Counties of Middlesex and Huntingdon; and for veiling and settling the ihtirePremifes, which, on such Partition, were allotted to the said John Leman, and Elizabeth Newnham and John Newnham respectively, to the Uses therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Sloper, Mr. Brand, Mr. Ongley, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Gore, Lord Upper Offiory Colonel Wa/Jegrave, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Feus, commonly called Bedford Level, and bounded by MildenhallRiver on the South, Brandon River on the North, certain Highlands in the'Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge, on the Fall, and the River Ottze on the West; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Levto fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, and commonly called hvejled Lands; is committed.

Mr. Rigby, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better recruiting of his Majesty’s Forces in;

and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion there; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One or them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to prex'cr.t his Majesty’s Subjects' from serving as Officers or Soldiers, under any foreign Prince or States, without his Majesty’s Licence, was read the Third time;

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; Viz.

Pr. 5. L. 16. After "directed," to insert " together " with an Account of the Date of his Commission;

And the said Amencimentwras, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the rl'able accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent his Majesty’s Subjects from serving as Officers under the French King; and for the better enforcing an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent the enlisting his Majesty’s Subjects to serve as Soldiers without his Majesty’s Licence; and for obliging such of his Majesty’s Subjects, as shall accept Commissions in the Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General of the United Provinces, to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration.

Ordered, That Mr. Digby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton, accord'ng to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Thirty-eight Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1755.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to defray the Expence of erecting a Monument in the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster, to the Memory of Captain James Cornewall, pursuant to the Address of this

House on the 18th Day of Min the Year 1747.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Sir Simeon S/euart Baronet, Thomas Evans Esquire, William Burch Esquire, Rowland Holt Esquire, and others, Owners and Occupiers of certain Fen and low Grounds in the Parish of Lakeuheath, in the County of Suffolk, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a B:ll is depending in the House for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the said Parish, and Parts adjacent; and alleging, that the Petitioners are Owners, Occupiers, Copyholders, and Lessees, of several Thousand Acres of the Lands proposed by the said Bill to be further drained and improved; and representing to the House the great Inconveniencies and Disadvantages which the Petitioners allege will arise to their Estates from having Taxes imposed upon the said Lands, for the further draining and imbanking thereof; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the House will not take from them the Liberty of using and improving their own Elbites, as they shall think fit, and that they shall be excepted out of the said Bill by Name, or that their Lands and Estates shall be exempted from the intended Taxes and Impositions, in such manner as the House shall think most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-r sideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining'

ana

firirish Subject* tiOt to f rvc

Sv.ppiy,

Mildenhall,

&c.

Drainage.

8°

29 Geo. II.

9° April

573

and prefer ving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Feus, commonly called Bedford Level\ and bounded by Mil-denhali River on the South, Brandon River on the North, certain Highlands in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, a.nd Cambridge, on the East, and the River Ouze on the West and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, and commonly called Invested Lands; is committed.

Ordered, That the several Papers which have been pre-ftnted to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the African Trade, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the said Papers; and report such of the Matters therein contained, as they shall find material to be laid before the House, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Sandys, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pole, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bond, Mr. Cmliffe, Mr. Bold, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Martin Mr. Walter, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Wm. Love they, Mr Cart-weight, Sir John Turner, Mr. Wilkirfon, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Mere, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Pitt, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Fidler, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Powell, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Vyner, junior, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Horace Walpole, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Crojje, Mr. Bn Her, Mr. Dig by, Mr Grenville, Mr. Duckett, Six'John Philipps, Mr. Ong-ley, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Tr/jie, Sir IVm. Meredith, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Townshend, Lord Geo. Sackvi/le, Mr. Walpole, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Bri/Iozv, Mr. Stanley, Mr. llayts, Mr Gore, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Nit* junio;. Mr. High9* Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Charles *j own/hend, Mi. Clayton, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Lejlie, Mr. Lifter. Mr. o >:vynd, Mr. Legge, Mr. ALore, Mr. Alexander, M\Pow.r[v; and all tnc Merchants of the House: And iney are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fen u for Persons, Papers, and Records; And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s "table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, one of them was di[agreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending the Act of the 22d Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces, by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serveon board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or llivers, in North America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edgecumbe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edgecumbe reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progreis in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

mt Mr Reyneius rep u ted from the Committee, to whom jis. the B:;l to obviate c. Doubt arilen on an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of inlo!vent Debtors, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; andr upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed . to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sheet Mr. Digby reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act of Parliament, nude in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donkead St. Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milbourne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House in the Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dor-Jet, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftf-bury and Sherborne alcresaid; and for repairing other lloaels adjoining to the Roads ir/the laid former Act mentioned; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he Vol. 27.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vmeris, 90 die Aprilis;

Anno 29* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

SIR Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John 'Talbot the younger, Esquire, Fettled upon his Marriage, in Trustees, for raising a Sum of Money for discharging Debts and Incumbrances, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and Dr limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in cate of the Payment of

7 G the

America j Governing Ships, &c. bf Sea.

Militia

Laws.

Talbot’s

ElU:e.

Woollen

JJauul-CturM.

London

Bridge.

Katherine Hall, Cambridgi £ dates.

Jalabert

Nat.

574

90 Aprilis. A. 1756.

the Work metis Wages in any other Matiner than in Money, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Webb do carry the - Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard Gough Aubrey Esquire, in the Counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and , in Trustees, to raise Money to discharge several Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Petition of the reverend Robert , Rector of the united Parishes of St. Magnus and St. Margaret, New Fish Street, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of an Act of the 22d and 23d Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Settlement of the Maintenance of the Parsons, Vicars, and Curates, in the Parishes of the City of London burnt by the then late dreadful Fire there; which directs, that the annual certain Tythes, or Sum of Money in lieu of Tythes, of the said united Parishes, should be £. 170 (over and above Glebes, Perquisites. Gifts, and Bequests); and alleging, that Part of the said Tythes, to the yearly Amount of £.48. 6s. 2d. are assessed upon Houses in the said Parish of St. Magnus, now standing upon London Bridge, and near adjoining thereto; and that in case the Bill depending in the House, for pulling down and removing the Houses and Buildings upon London Bridge, or near adjoining thereto, should pass into a Law, the Petitioner and his Successors will not only lose the said Tythes, but will also be deprived of the other Emoluments and Perquisites, which yearly arise to the Reftorof the said united Parishes from the Occupiers of such Houses: And therefore praying, That, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, Provision may be made for recompensing the Petitioner, and his Successors, in respect of the said Tythes, and for the Damage which will be sustained by Loss of the Emoluments and Dues accruing to the Rector of the said united Parishes, for the Time being, from the Occupiers of such Houses, and for charging what shall be allotted for such Recompense to be yearly paid from the Bridge House Estates to the Rector of the said united Parishes for the Time being, or that the Petitioner may be otherwise relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London

Bridge, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Matter and Fellows of Katherine in '» the University of Cambridge, to purchase, settle, and dispose of Tenements and Grounds, for the making and erecting an additional Building to their College or Hall for the Reception and Maintenance of Six Fellows and Ten Scholars, founded by the Will of deceased; and for impowering any Corporation within the said University to sell and convey other Lands and Tenements for that and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was lead the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Finch do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Francis Jalabert, an Infant under the Age of 18 Years, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Francis Jalabert, an Infant under the Age of 18 Years.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of John Offley Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of his Majesty’s private Roads, Gates, and Bridges, and Conductor or Guide of his royal Person in all the royal Progrefies.

An ingrossed Bill to obviate a Doubt arisen on an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to obviate a Doubt arisen on an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors; and for Relief of Sheriffs and Keepers of Prisons, in respect to Escapes of such Persons as were prevented by the said Doubt from being discharged under the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Reynolds do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rebuilding the Pari lb Church, and enlarging the Church-yard of St. John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the n'ghtly Watch and Beadles, and better enlightening and cleansing the Streets, and other Places and Passages, and repairing the Highways, within the Parishes of St. George, St. John Wapping, St. Paul Shadwell, and the Hamlet of Rat cliffe, in the County of Middlesex, and the Precinct of Well Close, in the Royalty of the ’Tower of London, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and better enlightening, paving, and cleansing, the Streets and other Passages, and repairing the Highways, within the Parishes of Saint John Wapping, St. Paul Shadwell, the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, the Parish of Saint Ann, in the County of Middlesex, and the Precinct of Well Close, in the Liberty of the Tower cf London.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp ProSlor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lords of the several Manors of Wooton, Abingworth, Paddington, Westcot, Betchworth, Beddington, Ravenfbury, Banffead, and Walton upon the Hill, in the County of Surrey, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the ltefblutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It

Aubrey's

Eifotes.

Orford

Writ.

Insolvent

Debtor!.

Wapping Church. &c#

Wappinj

Streets*

Plant! g Waste Land*.

20 Geo. II. $ AprilisS7S

It appeared to your Committed, by the Evidence of Edward Wade Esquire, That the waste Grounds in the several Manors mentioned in the Petition, do contain a Tract of Land, confiding of many Thousand Acres, unfit for Tillage or Pasture, but capable of producing, great Numbers of different Kinds of Trees, if Power were given to make Inclosures to secure the Plantation thereof.

And it appeared to your Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. Philip Miller, Gardener to the Company of Apothecaries, and ajlo of the honourable Charles,

and of a Member of this House (which Two last mentioned Persons have planted, with Success, a great Quantity of Trees in a Soil like that mentioned in the Petition) That Scotch Firs and Beech may be raised for Timber, in such Soil, on the Tops of the Hills; and that Birch, Hazel, Oak, and Chelnut, may be well planted for Underwood on the Sides of such Hills, and Oak for Timber in the Bottoms: /

And that planting such Lands would be much more advantageous to the Proprietors thereof, and be attended wtth leis Expence, than any other Method of Cultivation; and that tins was proved by Experience, in the several Plantations of the Dukes of Bedford and Argyll-, the Truth of which was confirmed to your Committee by several Members pretent.

And it appeared to your Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. La nylon and Mr. Tohn Thorey, Two considerable Tanners, That Bark for Tanning is become scarce; the Kealon of which Scarcity, they said, was, that many Woods l ad been lately grubbed up, and none planted, except for Pleasure.

Mr. Bird, a Ship-builder, informed your Committee, That the Price of common Timber is risen considerably within 50 Years last past, and large Timber, as he be-Jieved, much more; and that great Quantities of Timber were imported from foreign Parts.

And the Decrease of Timber in the King’s Forests was proved by the Evidence of Slade Esquire, Sur-

veyor of his Majesty’s Navy; and the Decrease of Timber in the King’s Demesnes was proved by the Evidence of Zachary Chambers Esquire, Deputy to the Surveyor General of his Majesty’s Lands; and the Decrease of Timber in Copyhold Lands, in which the Timber belongs to the Lord, was proved by Mr Richardson-, and the general Decrease of l imber in England, especially on the Sides of navigable Rivers, and in the Wilds of Surrey, and Kent, which have been esteemed productive of the best Timber, was proved by Mr. Purveyor of

Timber for Woolwich Y..rd, Mr Griffiths Timber Merchant, and others; who added, that the Price of Timber was raised from Three Pounds to Four or Five Pounds per Load. — That there was a Necessity to use foreign Timber in his Majesty’s Navy; and that there will be a great Want of Timber in a few Years, if forne Provision be not made to prevent the further Scarcity thereof. And, John Sunderland Esquire, informed your Committee, That Wood for Fuel, for the Iron Works, and for the Use of Coopers, is become scarce and dear.

And by an Account, laid before your Committee by the proper Officer of his Majesty’s Customs, it appeared, that the Importation of foreign Timber had of late considerably increased; in which Account, the Quantity of Planks imported is not included, the Officer not having Time to inlert it in that Account.

And Part of the Statute, made at Merton, directing in what Cafes, and in what Manner, Lords may approve Part of the Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, belonging to their Manors, against the Tenants; and Part of the Statute of Weflmbjier the Second, ordaining that the Statute of Merton shall in like manner hold Place between the Lords of Wastes, Woods, and Pastures, and their Neighbours; were ievcrally read:

And an Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, was also read; reciting, That the great Decay of Timber and Woods universally within England to be then such, that, unless speedy Remedy in Vo l. 17.

that Behalf Was provided, there was great and mani- Planting fell Likelihood of Scarcity, as well of Timber for build-ing and maintaining Houses and Ships, as for Fuel and Fire-wood; by which Act, Provisions are made, which, appear to your Committee not to have been duly observed, for preserving Woods and Timber; by one Clause of which Act, it is declared in what manner a Fourth Part of the Woods and Underwoods, growing in any Ground or Soil wherein any Persons have Common of Pasture,

shall be secured and divided by the Afferit and Agreement of the Lord and Owner of th^ Soil, and of the Moor Part of the Common; or, in case of no such Agreement; by the Justices of the Peace of the Shire where the said Ground or Soil lies, in their open Quarter Sessions, upon Request and Suit made to them by the said Lord or Owner.

And an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for the Increase and Preserva-tion of Timber within the Forest of Dean, for inclosing and keeping in Severalty 11,000 Acres of t he waste Lands of the said Forest, the Whole containing by Estimation

23,000 Acres, upon a Recompense thereby given to the Persons having Right of Common or Herbage within the said Inclosure.

And an Act, made in the 9th and 10th of King William the Third, for the Increase and Preservation of Timber within the New Forest, for inclosing in Severalty 2,000 Acres of the said Forest, Part of 85,454 Acres, whereof the said Forest consists, discharged from all Manner of common Herbage and Pannage, for so long time as the same shall remain and continue inclosed, according to the Directions of the said Act, and for the Inclosure yearly of 200 Acres more for a Nursery for Timber, were also read.

And it appeared to your Committee, that either the Inclosures, so directed to be made, had not been made according to the Directions of the said Acts, or that the Provision for that Purpose had been rendered ineffectual, by not continuing or renewing the Fences of the said Inclosures.

Upon the whole Matter, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, 1'hat it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Inclosure of a certain Quantity of the waste Land belonging to the Manors mentioned in the Petition, by the mutual Consent and Agreement of the respective Lords or Owners of such waste Land, and the greater Part of the Persons in Number and Value having Right of Common therein, for the Purpose of planting Timber Trees and Underwood, will be an Advantage to such Lords and Commoners, and also of public Utility.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, with the mutual Consent of the Lords and Commoners, a certain Part of any commonable Wood,

Waste, or Pasture, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood: And that Mr. Hardinge, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Horatio Walpole senior. Sir John Philipps, Mr. W Mr. and Mr. Phillipson, do prepare and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Dock Plymouth Pound, through Plymouth, Plympton Earl, and Ridgway, to Brent Bridge, and from a Place called Butts, through Coin brook, to Harry Cross Gate; and from Crimhte Pafagt, through Plymouth, and from Orefton Passage, through Plymouth, to a Place called the Common, in the Parish of St. Budeaux, in the County of Devon, and to the Passage

leading to Saltafl:, in the County of Cornwall; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edgcumbe,

Mr. Oswald, Mr. Dicker, Sir Geo. Lee, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Townfield, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Digby, Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Walter, Mr.

Plymouth

Roads.

Ditto.

Ditto.

9° dp nils.

A. 175(5.

Rigby, Mr. Kyuatlon, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bui-Ur, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. FV/-/owt-j, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Nugent, Sir Neivdigate, Mr. Seluyn, Lord Barrington, Mr. More, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Stanley, Lord Hi Hfb (trough, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. P/7r, Mr. Finch, Mr. Grafter, Mr. Tnj?, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who terve for the Counties cf Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other freeholders and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Devon, and Cornwall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, principal Inhabitants of the Boroughs of Launcejton, Nezv-port, and Camefford, in the said County of Cornwall, and of the Parishes of St. Stephens, Wellington, and North Petherwyn, in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of ' the Bill depending in the House, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dock Pound\ through Plymouth, Plymptcn Earl, and Ridgway, to Brent Bridge, and from a Place called Butts, through Colnbrook, to Harry Cross Gate, and from Crimble Passage, through Plymouth, and from Oreston Passage, through Plymouth, to a Place called the Common, in the Parish of St. Budeaux, in the County of Devon, and to the Passage leading to Sallafh, in the County of Cornwall', and alleging, that if a Toll-gate should be eroded between Manadon Gate and the Town of Plymouth, and between the said Manadon Gate and the Gate of his Majesty's Dock-yard in the Parish of Stoke Damarell, it will be a manifest Prejudice to the Petitioners, imd others travelling the Road from the Town of Launcef ton and Newport, in the said County of Cornwall, and the neighbouring Parishes in the said Counties of Devon and Cornwall, to Plymouth and the Dock-yard aforesaid: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves. nr Counsel, apninft such Parts of the said Bill

( t ' o

as affect the Petitioners, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, Freeholders and Inhabitants of the County of Devon, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Oakhampton, the Parishes of Lydford and Sowton, and other Places, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if any Toll-gate should be erected, as is mentioned in the preceding Petition, it will be a manitelt Prejudice to the Petitioners, and others travelling the Road from the North Part of Devonjline, the Town of Oakhampton, and the neighbouring Parishes, to the said Town of Plymouth and his Majesty’s Dock-yard, and Town adjoining: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill asaffeft the Petitioners,

O /

or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; reciting a Petition of the several Gentlemen, and others, whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, for a Bill for repairing and widening Cvcral Roads in the said Petition mentioned; and alleging, That several of the Roads described in the said Petition may be kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Petitioners will be greatly oppressed by paying a Toll for travelling thereon: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselve?, or Counsel, against so much of the said Petition as relates to all tire Roads therein mentioned, except the great Road from Plymouth Dock to Brent Bridge.

And the said Petitions were several I y ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill lor repairing and widening the Road from the Dock Pound, through Plymouth, P/ympton Early and Ridgway, to Brent Bridge, and from a Place called Butts, through Colnbrook, to Harry Cruj] date, and from Crimble Passage through Ply-

*4

mouth, and from Orcston Passage, through Plymouth, to a Place called the Common, in the Parish of Saint Budeaux, in the County of Devon, and to the Pal-sage leading to Saltosh, in the County of Cornwall, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Taid Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for MumM* Sale of the settled Estate of Wrighifon Mundy Esquire, in Eiiltev the County of Leicester, for discharging Incumbrances affeding the fame; and also his unfeitled Estate in the County of Derby; and for settling the Derbyshire Estate, so disincumbered, to the Uses therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Exportation impower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Salt-petre: And that Mr. Secretary Fox, the Lord Hobart, 3

Air. Charles Frederick, Mr. Wiikinson, and Mr. Charlton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lord-, intituled, An Act MondyTi for Sale of the settled Estate of Wrightfm Mundy Esquire, Elute*, in the County of Leicester, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same; and also his unsettled Estate in the County of Derby; and for settling the Derbyshire Estate, so disincumbered, to the Uses therein mentioned; was read the First time,

Rejoived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and mak- White Sheet ing more effectual, an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhcad St. An-drezv, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Miiborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned; was read the Third time.

Rejoived, That the Ball do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual* an Act of Parliament, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the 'Lop of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Dcnhead St. Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury,

Miiborne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties ot Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfway House in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of *Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury and Sherborne aforesaid; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Digby do carry the Eill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, refoived itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, in behalf of themselves, and many others of his Majesty's industrious Subjects, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

Scotch

Fuller*

29 Geo. II.

12

577

Supply-

Ilil'uia

Laws.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to feveml Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the Housewill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Fart of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bacon accordingly reported from the said Committee the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the Place; and aiu

House; and lie read the Report in his

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-in at the Clerk’s Table.

"rd, Tint i he Report be taken into Confederation ''edia’fday Fortnight.

7, That inch a Xurr^crof Copies of the said Bill. mendments, be printed, as tlia.l be sufficient

ment.-.

Ord.

C

with v.

for the U.e of the Members of the House.

Exportation Mr. Charles Frederick presented to the House, accord-Saltpetr*. ing to Order, a Bill to impower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Saltpetre: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Frederick have Leave to make a Motion; it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the 13; 11 be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday _ Morning, next Nine of the Clock.

,\r:

Jlwwood’t

Estate.

Lunaty 12° Apr Hi $;

Anno 29* Georgii IP* Regis, 1756. Prayers.

MR Ilume reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed B:U from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor and capital Messuage of Tad-worth, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of Esquire, deceased, and puredialing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses in his Will, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the <^l~ 1 ’* r

to be sold for discharging a Mortgage affecting the fame; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money atifing by such Sale in the Purchase ot other Lands and Hereditaments, lobe settled pnrliiant to the W ills of the said Evelyn Charles Franckeand Edward Francke, respectively, was com-

m it ted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Northall, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of settled on the

Marriage of Sir Hutchins Williams Baronet, and devised by the Wiil of William Peere his Father, respectively, in Trustees, in order to be conveyed to Agatha Child Widow, and her Heirs, pursuant to Articles of Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale of the Estate deviled by the said Will, in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the Uses of that Will; and for other Purposes therein mentioned j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Cooke, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. KynaJ'tou, Mr. IVilkhfon, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Mr. Feliowcs, Mr. Cronde, Sir John Turner, Sir I I'm.

Calvert, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Mr. Amy a nd, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Geo. A my and, Mr. Puller, Mr. Campbell, Lord Carysf Lord John Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Alderman Lord Gage

Mr. Hamilton, Sir Geo. Lee, Mr. Mon is. Lord North,

Mr. Page, Mr. Penton, Mr. Stanhope, Mr.

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Mr. Trifl,

Mr. Baiikcs, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Pitt, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Northey, Mr. Foley, Mr. Yorke, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Sir John Mr.

llardinge, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Dig by, Mr.

Welter, Mr. Bowes, Mr. DelaSir Robert,

M r, Hammond, Lord Verney, Mr. Myddehon, Mr. Onslow,

Mr. Gybbon-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Midd/eJex, SvJJ'exand Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vest>ng Part of the Estate of Join he younger,

Esquire, settled upon his Marriage, in Trustees, for raif-ingaSum of Money for ciilcharging Debts and Incum* brances, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Ti at the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Northey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this Home hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Freeholders and Inhabitants, of the Counties o' Devon and Cornwall, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the several Pari Abes of Ta viflock, Milton

Buckland A Ion a chorum, Bir/de Tamer ton

merton, Sanford, Spiney, Pe , Be A, Peris, Lew, Trenchard, Kelly, Caflock, and

St. Stephens, was presented to the House, and read; taking Noiice of the Bill depending in the House, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dock Pound, tirough Plymouth, Plimpton Earl, and Ridgwety, to Brent Bridge,

and f:

loin a

: ace

called Butts, through to

Harry Cross Gate, and from through

Clerk’s Tabic Plymouth, and from Or eft on Papge, through Plymouth,

Efkto.

Mr. Crefwell reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill lrom the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Evelyn Charles Franke and Francke Esquires, in the County of in Iruftces,

Yol. 27.

to a Place caliod the Common, in the Parish of deanx, in tire County of Devon, and to the Passage leading to Saltash, in the County of Cornwall; and alleging, That if a Toll Gate fliouki be erected between Mar.adon Gate and any Part of the Town of Plymouth, or between

7 H the

Wiliams’

Estates.

Tn1bnt*s

Eilarc.

Plymouth

Koadi.

Red House

nrar

Doncaster

Road.

Charing Cross Improvement,

Supplying Edinburgh City with Water.

Clyde River Lighthouse.

12° A prills. A. 1756.

the said Manadon Gate and the Gate of his Majesty’s

Dock-yard in the Parish of Stoke in the said

County of Devon, it will be a manifest Prejudice to the Petitioners, and others, as they will not travel above Three hundred Yards on the said intended Turnpike Road: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affe&s the Petitioners, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same :ime, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts pafl'ed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red House, near JDoncaJlet, to

Wakfield, and through the said Town of by

Deivfbury, High Town, and , to the Town of

Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to tefraSl, and from thence to a Place called in the

Township of Henfall, and from to I Pent bridge,

in the Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the or.e for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red House, near Doncaster, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, High Town, and Lightcliffe, to the Town of Halifax, in the W eft Riding of the County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to and from thence

to a Place called Weeland, in the Township of and

from Pont fruit to Wenlbridge, in the Township of -riugton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

And then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Ordered, That Sir Lionel Pilkington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners for buildinga Bridge cross the Riverof Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purchase House and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more iafeand commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and Bridge,

was read a Second time.

Rfjived, That the Bill be committed.

RefvIvedSYhtxt the Bill be committed toa Committee of the whole House.

Refdved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better supplying the City of Edinburgh with fiefh and wholsome Water, without any Amendment: And al so,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act forerefting, maintaining, and supporting, a Light-house in the Island of Little Lumray, in the County of Bute, at the Mouth of the River Clyde, in North Britain; and for rendering the Navigation in the Frith and River of Clyde more safe and commodious; without any Amendment: And also.

Aflou

Inclosure.

Hundred

Foot

River

Drainage.

Ripon,

&c.

Road.

Dunstw,

Roads.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor, called Aston and ^hardiozv Moor, and several common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and walle Grounds, lying within the Manor of West on cum Membris, and Prebend of Sawley, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in tht Isle of Ely and County of Norfolk, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Ouze> and bounded on the South by the Hardlands of Mcpai\ Witcham, Wentworth, Whichford, Ely, Dozvnham, and Litt/eport; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called In-vefed Lands; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pately Bridge, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Hoads from the North End of Dunfby L ine, *o the South West Corner ot Rifeholm Hedge, and to Car helm Gat:, Drinfey Nooke, and Dunham and Litilelntrgh Ferries; and from the North End of Waddington Field, and the Bridge over the River William at Bracebridge, to the City of Lincoln; and from the Gate at the Foot of Canzvlcke Hill to the Great Bar Gates of the said City $ and for enforcing the Performance of Statute-work upon the Highways communicating with the said Roads, to a certain Distance from the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual,

Two several Acts of Parliament, one of them passed in the Thirteenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Nine or Ncn, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable; and the other made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effect ual the said former Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and Carlford, in the County of Suffolk, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Judges of Courts of Record in Cities and Towns Corporate, Liberties, and Franchises, to set Fines on Persons who shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and shall neglect to attend, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estates of Francis Blake Delava I Esquire, in Trustees, for railing Money to pay off and discharge several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Thornha^ enable John Thornhagh Esquire, now called John Hewett, and his Defendants, to take and use the Surname of Hewett, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Hewett Knight, deceased: To which the Lords detlrc the Concurrence of this House.

NTcn

River.

CoInn> and CarlrorJ Pcjct.

Fines on

Juries ne^lefling to attend.

Del aval’s E dates.

fc

M

Troo

Name.

full \ let

And then the Mtflengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Sir John Molcsworth Baronet, and Joseph Moyle Esquire, Two of the surviving Trustees in an Indenture, dated the 25th Day of December 1743, to raise the several Sums in the said Indenture mentioned, or such of them.asareftill unsatisfied, and pay the same, as well as the rest of the personal Estate of Hugh Gregor, deceased, to such Person as Jane Gregor, an Iniant, shall marry, du-

Orf£<vS

Eilate.

ring

Exportation

of

Saltpetre*

Estimate of HelTian Troops.

Westminster JFilh Market.

JUmfgate

Harbour.

2qGeo. IL \26Jprilis. 579

ring her Infancy, with the Consent of the said surviving Trustees, and of her Guardians, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Monce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that This Househath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to impower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Saltpetre, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have P. wer to make Provision in the said Bill for enforcing the Law by which his Majesty is authorized to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms and Ammunition.

Ordered, That it be an Infhuftion to the said Commit tec, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for prohibiting the Shipping of Saltpetre, Gunpowder, Arms, and Ammunition, to be carried Coast-wife.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Cha rof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they liad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will picafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Charlton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of 6,544 Foot of the Troops of the Landgrave of HefJ'e Cajfe from the 13d February 1756, to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 500 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Menbers of the House.

Colonel Haldane presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, An Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, an Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of;

and for preventing the forestaling and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refovled, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Richard Lyttelton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a more safe and commodious Harbour at Ramsgate, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had Yoi. 27.

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he also reported, That the Chnimitlee had annexed to the Bill the Plans to them referred, according to the Instruction given to them by the House for that Purpose; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the said Plans annexed lo it, together with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- grossed.

The House being informed, 'l’hat Duplicates of the Report, Plans, and others Papers, which have been pre- Harl*»u^ fented to the House relating to the Harbour of gate, had been made in Consequence of the Address of this House to his Majesty, of the 3d Day 0 1755,

and are now in his Majesty’s Office of Ordnance;

Ordered, That the said Duplicates be laid before this House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Scotch Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Fiftwy* to consider oi the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, in behalf of themselves, and many others of his Majesty’s industrious Subjifts, was referred, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Piece; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme weteread; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Co much of an Act, made in Scotland in the Third

Session of the First Parliament of Queen Anne, intituled,

An Act for advancing and establishing the Fifiling Trade in and about this Kingdom, as relates to the Freedom of such Fishery, and preventing Exactions upon the Persons employed therein, and to the Manner of packing the Fish, be explained and enforced.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Regulations, Duties, and Encoufagements, now in Force, with respect to the curing, bringing in, and exporting Fish taken by English Vessels and Fishermen, be extended to the Scotch Fisheries.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr.

Mr. Oswald, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in* the fame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act lhuI'S

for naturalizing John Daniel Paul, was read a Second Nat<

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyfler,

Mr. Felloives, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Pole, Mr.

Walter, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles -daunt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Cioke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Nor-they, Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr. Gafhry, Sir Lionel

Mr. Torke, Sir John Philipps, Mr, Molyneux, Mr. Bold,

Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. C Mr. Bolton,

Mr. Kent, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Tuckjieid, Mr. Hewett,

Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Fonereau, Mr Mr. Cocks:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole iad Mean^ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved,

Supply,

DtlavaPt E(Utcs.

Rrmfgate

Harbour.

Paul’*

Nat.

Steeple

Aston

Exchange.

Flectwcod’s

Estate.

Francke s Elutes.

580 , 120 — 130 A prills. 175

Refohed That this House will, upon W Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Blackett have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estates of Francis Blake , Ef-

quire, in Trustees, for railing Money to pay off and discharge several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charles Frederick presented to the House, according to Order, the Duplicates of the Report, Plans, and other Papers, relating to the Harbour of '

Ordered, That the said Duplicates do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Olork.

Mart is, 13* die Aprilis;

Anno 29* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1756. Prayers.

MR. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Join Daniel Paul, was committed, That the Com nit'ee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found 1! e same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to teport the Bill 10 the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

Mr Palmer reported fom the Committee, to whom the

ingioflld Ei!' ro.n the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and eft tbhthing an Exchange of Tythes, Cottages, and Lands, fot a M linage, Farm1, Lands, and Common of Pallure in Steeple Aston, in County of Oxford, pur-fuanttoan Agreement Pet wee t tie Principal and Scholars of Kino's He,!find College of Brafen Noje in Oxford, John Eaton Cle; L r..l Francis Pm Esquire; and also for giving Power to the said Francs Pa°e, and others claiming under the Will of dir Francis Page Knight, deceaild, to make a Jointure on any Wife or Wives, with whom they may intermarry; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and t hat the Pa. tins concerned had given their Conient to the Dili, to the Satkf'&ion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the d i to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

nients, to be settled pursuant to the Wills of the said Evelyn Charles Francke and EdzcardFrancke, respectively, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. CrefiveH do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to impower his Majesty to prohibit Exportation the Exportation of Saltpetre, was read the Third time. 01 Snitpare

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to impower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportion of Saltpetre; and to enforce the Law for itnpcwering his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms and Ammunition ;and also to impower his Majesty to restrain the carrying Coast-wife of Saltpetre, Gun powder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Frederick do carry the Bill to the Ixirds, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossld Billfrom the Lords, intituled, An Act for SteepIeA!?ou confirming andestablishing an Exchange of Tythes, C:t-tages, and Lands, for a Messuage, Farms Lands, and Common ot Failure, in Steeple /if on, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to an Agreement between the Principal and Scholars of Kings Hal!and College of Brazen m

Oxford, John Eaton Clerk, anti Francis Page Klqtiire; and also.for giving Power to the said Francis Page, and others claiming under the Wiik.f Si x Francis Knight, deceased, to make a Jointure on any Wile or Wives, with whom they may intermarry; was read the Tlmd time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, 'I hat this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Paul, was read the Third Nat time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

0) JereJ, That Mr. Jsynaflon do carry the; Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Bur deft do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ro impower Sir John MoleJveortk Baronet, and Jc/cph Moyle Esquire, Two of the surviving Trustees in a/i Indenture, datvd the 25th Day of December 1743, to raise the Icve-raiSums in the said Indenture mentioned, or such of them as are still unsatisfied, and pay the Janie, as well as the rest of the persona) labte of Hugh Gregor, deceased, to such Person as Jam Gregor, an Infant, shall marry, during her Infancy, with die Conient of the said surviving Trui-tees, and of her Guardians; and acquaint their Lordships,

That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor and capital M Tillage of Tadworth, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of John Fleetwood Esquire, deceased, and purchasirg another Estate, to be settled to the UEs in his Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr Hume do carry the B’il to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Billfrom the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Evdyn Char Us Francke and Eduard Francke Esquires, in the C\ unty of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be told for discharg’rg a Moitp. ge aflefting the same; and for laying ' *u the Surpluses :he Muncy arising by such Sale in ihe Tu:'\:a:e of other Lands and Iieredita-17

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr*

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act $hrewlbniy for the better paving and amending, cleansing, enlighten- $trc«u. ing, and watching, the Streets, Highways, Lanes, and Passages, within the Town of Shrezvjlury, in the County of Salop, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Biii, intituled, A.n Act Leicester, for explaining, amending, and rendering more efiec-tual, an Act, passed in the Twenry-seventh Year of lv.s present Majesty, lor repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Nartioi ough; and fro m Ldrfier to Coventry, and from thence, through Kenilworth, to Warwick, and from thence to Hafford Bridge/, and from Har*

U'ick to Stratford upon Avon', and from Coventry, ro Marty ns Gutter, leading towards Stone!ciyh To a n \ . ajad for*

sup-

*9 Geo. II. 13 — 140 Aprilis. $8*

supplying an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from to

Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of ,lb far as the fame relates to that Part of the said Road, which leads from the Town of Hinckleyin the County of to the Town of Nuneaton, and from thence through the Parishes of Chilvers Cotton and Bedworth, to Gale,

in the City of Coventry, without any Amendment: And also,

Newton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Jndoture. for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and common Grounds, in Newton, in the Parish of Clifton upon Dunfmore, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment.

And then the MelTcngers withdrew.

Leman's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for confirming a Partition between John Leman Esquire, and Elizabeth Newnhamand John Esquire, of several Estates in the City of London and Counties of Middlesex and Huntingdon; and for veiling and settling the intire Premises, which, on such Partition, werealloted to the said John Leman, and Elizabeth Newnham and John Newnham, respectively, to the Ui’es therein mentioned} was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Charlton, Mr Mr. , Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Wi/kinson, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Bond, Mr. G.Jhrv, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Vtr. West, Mr. Mr.

Cope, Mr. Bayntun, Mr Pop ham, Mr. Mr.

Aiflabie, Mr. Kent, S.r Robert burdett. Sir 7 tyrt, Colonel Haywood ', Mr. Mr. Finch,

Air. Yorke, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Earle, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Prozvfe, Mr. Powell, Mr. Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Onglty, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Mr. Hammond,

Mr. Mydddton, Mr. AL"rd Downe, Lord Geo. Sackvi/le, l\!r. Selwyn...ir. Chetwynd, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Solicitor Genciai; and a‘1 the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Bedford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

so dilincumbered, to the Uses therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. More, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Pole, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Northey, Mr.

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Mr.

Ptowfe, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Hugh rymple, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Chetv.ynd, Mr. Bedford, Sir Henry Eifltine, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cunliffe, Sir John Mr. Pitt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Leigh, Mr.

Powney, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Mr Rey-

nolds, Mr. Wright, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Alderman Baker,

Mr. Charles Fownjliend, Sir Roger NezvJigate, Mr. Powell,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bond, Mr. Medlycoti, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Delaval, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Martin,

Mr. Rebow, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Lord Verney,

Lord Shelburne, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Calvert,

Sir Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Berkeley, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester,

Derby, Warwick, Nottingham, Stafford, and

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the

Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thofnhagh’* to enable John Tkornhagh Esquire, now called John Hew- Name, clt, and his Defendants, to take and ule the Surname of Hewett, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Hewett Knight, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morri- Qualifying ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for Odu*^ House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have c‘ omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Woollen Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Manufacture. Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 121I1 Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, tQ prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manutaftures, and for better Payment of their Wages; ami a;so an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his la'd late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes amongst:e Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for pmC-cuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of the Payment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other manner than in Money j was re-committed, That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Eveiham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Wor-ctfter, in the room of John Porter Esquire, deceased.

Mundy’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estatey. for Sale of the let tied Estate of Mundy Esquire,

in the County of Leicester, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and also his unsettled Estate in the County of Derby; and far settling the Derbyshire Estate, Vol. 27.

Mercuriiy 140 die Aftrilis;

Anno 290 Georgii IP* Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That the Plans relating to the Harbour Ramsgate of Ram fate, which were presented to the House upon Harbour. Monday lall, be annexed to the Ingrossment of the Bill for making a more lafe and commodious Harbour at Ramsgate.

Ordered, That the Report, and other Papers relating to the said Harbour, which were presented to the House at the same time, be re-delivered to his Majesty’s Office of Ordinance.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of through Ellesmere, in the County of Salop, and in the County of Flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and likewise to repair and widen several Roads leading from the above-mentioned Roads; and also the Road from Wrexham aforesaid to Chester, and from thence to Ezv/oe in Hawardin Parish; and from through

the Towns of Northorp, Flint, and Hollyzvell, to Pen ford y zvaen; and also the Road from Bretton to Mold, in the County of Flint-,was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee l ad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read

7 I through-

Shrewfcury

thro’

Ellesmere

Roads.

Appointing Co n it.i bits in

Westminster,

&c.

Exportation

of

Salt-petre.

_ British

not to fuve foreign States.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Aubrey’.?

Efutes.

Lord B'.ilK ley's Zib:c:

5»a 140 Aprilis. A, 1756.

throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the I louie.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting the Works for the Navigation of the River Dee from the Provisions of the Bill.

And this laid Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And several Amendments were lYifide by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eduards and Air. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

r The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances, and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Salt-pctre; and to enforce the Law for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms and Ammunition; and also to impower his Majesty to reftvain the carrying Coastwise of Salt-petrc, Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent his Majesty’s Subjects from serving as Officers under the French King; and for the better enforcing an Act, pafletl in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent the inlisting his Majesty’s Subjects to serve as Soldiers without his Majesty’s Licence; and for obliging such of his Majesty’s Subjects, as shall accept Commissions in the Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General of the United Provinces, to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to obviate a Doubt arisen on an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtor; and for Relief of Sheriffs, find Keepers of Prisons, in respect to Escapes of such Persons as were prevented, by the said Doubt, from being discharged under the said Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Dilutes of Richard Gough Aubrey Esquire, in the Counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and Carmarthen, in Trustees, to Taile Money to discharge several Incumbrances affect> ing the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution several Contracts made by, or on the behalf of, James late Lord Bulkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life-time, for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the County of Chester; and for applying the Purchase-money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same; Was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Torke, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles' Mordaunt, Mr. Crowte, Mr. More, Mr* Cooke, Mr: Gore, Mr. Gy bbon, Mr. Prttwfe, Mr .'Page, Mr. Trijly Mr. Vernon, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Philipps , Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Nor they, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Foley, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Bacon, Mr.‘ Affleck, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Barry, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Smithy Mr. Olmiiis, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Vyner, Lord Pnlteney, Lord Fernery Mr. Reynolds, MrPitty Sir Richard Lyttelton,

Sir Robert Bnrdett, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hewetty Mr. Oswald, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Barbor, and all the Members who serve for the Counties oiChefter, LancafteVy and Stafford, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church, and enlarging the Church-yard, of 5/. John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be. committed to Mr. Cooke, Sir ll m. Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Basniun, Mr. Gybbctt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Onslow, Mr. llardingCy Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Dashwoody Mr. Hewetty Mr. Morcy Mr. Stanley, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Kent, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Colebrookey Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Thomas Townshend junior, Sir Charles Mot daunt. Lord North, Mr. Prozvfe, Mu Charltony Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Curz'on, Mr. Cocksy Mr. Frederick, Mr. Fazaker-ley, Mr. Bridgman9 Mr. Elliott, Mr. Foley, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Pole, Mr. Afflecky Mr. Gore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Chauncty Tozmshend, Sir Cordel Firebracey Mr. Crowley Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Dig-. by, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Butler, Sir Conyeft D'Arcy, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Motyneux; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Hertford, and for the City of London r And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Simeon Stuart Baronet, Thomas Evans+ Esquire, and William Burch Esquire, waspresented to the House, and read; alleging, That by an Omission in the Petition which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, signed by the Petitioners, and several other Owners and Occupiers of certain Ben and low Grounds in the Parish of Lackenheath, in the County of Suffolk, and Parts adjacent, praying to be excepted out of a Bili depending in the House for draining certain Fen Lands: The Pcti-tioners are excluded from being heard, by their Counsel, upon the said Petition; which the Petitioners apprehend is necessary for them, in order to defend their several Rights and Properties: And therefore praying, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Parties interested. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, upon their laid Petition. *

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Con* mittee, to whom the Bill for draining -and preservingxer-tain Fen Lands and lovv Grounds lying in the South Level; Part of the Great Lev el of the Fens,. commonly called Bedford Level, and bounded'by MildeaJiall - River on tire South, Brandon River on the North, certain Highlands in the Counties of Norfolk, S/flblk, anti Cambridge, on the East, and the River Ouze on the West:; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, of the Company of Gonfervators of the said Great Level, to fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid* and commonly called Invested Lands; is committed: Aird that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their laid former Petition, it they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Countel to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said former Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the Committee have Voices.:

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate, and for cleanl-ing, amending, and prefer vine, the Haven of Sandwich, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees ap-: pointed by the said Act, was offered to her pretented to the House. *.

And

rWaPriRK

C.mrd'jfcc;

Mil Vnlnfy

&c.

Ramtgate

Harbour.

Woollen

Manufacture.

America; Regulating the Army.

Charing

Improve-

ment.

Ways and Means*

Supply.

2.9 Geo. II. 140 — 150

583

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Veils went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, gjj; aVcMmh: y 46.

Tellers for the Noes, } 74-

So it passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual an Act,

passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures* and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture 5 and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid. AC\, in case of the Payment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other manner than in Money; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture; and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of the-Payment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other tnanner than in Money.

Ordered, Tim Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better recruiting of his Majesty’s Forces in North America; and for the better Re-, gulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion, there; was reai the Third timp.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the berter recruiting of his Majesty's Forces on the Continent of America; and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing of Desertion there.

Ordered, Thai Mr. Rigby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon TttefJay Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cro:s the River of Thames, from the City of West min fur, to the opposite Shore.in the County of Surrey, to pimhafe Houses and Grounds, and to widen the V ays, and make more safe and commodious the Si reels, Avenues, and Railages, leading from Charing Croft to the Two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, anu Westmi'after Bridge. ':

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to-consider further of Ways |jpd Means for raising the Supply g anted to his Maj^r

Resolved, That this Had fe will, upon Monday Seven-ni^lit, resolve itself i.uO a Committee of the whole' House, to confaier fdrtl er of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tc-morrpw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol,. 2 7.

Jovis, 15* die Aprilis;

Anno 290 Georgii lld Ifegis, 1756.

Prayers.

SI R James Creed presented to the Iloule, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually discouraging and preventing the dealing, and the buying and receiving of stolen, Lead, Iron, Copper, Brats, Bell-metal, and Solder, fixed tq, or lying or being in or upon, any House, Out-. house?, or Buildings, Yards, or Gardens, thereunto belonging, or from any Ship, Barge, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel or Craft, upon any navigable River, or in any Port of Entry or Discharge, or in any Creek belonging thereto, or from oft any Wharf or Quay adjacent: And the same was received; and read the First time# Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Shreioft bury, through EUefmere, in the County of Salop, and Over* ton, in the County of flint, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh^ and likewise to repair and widen several Roads leading from the above-mentioned Roads: and also the; Road from IVWcxham aforesaid to Chester, and from thence to Ewloe, in Hawardin Parhh; and Ir >.n Eivioe through the Towns of Nouhop, Hint, and Holly vc ell, to Pen ford y veaen; and a!so the Road f-om Bretton to Moldy in the County of Flint; was read the "Third time.

Resolved, t hat the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Road from S hr eve (bury to Wrexham, -\\\ the County of Denbigh, and to repair and widen ffveral other Roads therein mentioned, and the Road from, Wrexham to Clicft a, and from thence to Penjford yivaenx in the Parish of Whitford, and also the Road from Broughton to Mold, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston (jo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.,;

A Petition of James and George King was presented tQ the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners late Father, in order to encourage building upon the Bridge Lands, did, in the Year 174 1, take a Building Lease, for the Term of 72 Years, of a Piece of Ground and Wharf at the Foot of Westminster Bridge, in the County of Surrey, at a Ground Kent of Ninety-two Pounds per Annum, and began to build teveral Houses, which have been since finished by the Petitioners at a very great Expence; and reprefeoting to the House the Hardships whfeh the Petn tioners allege they lie under by being subject to fu great a Ground Rent; and further alleging, that the Petitioners have applied to the Commissioners for Westminster Bridge to have their said Ground Rent lowered; but that the said Commissioners (though, satisfied of the , Realonable.-i nels of such Request) apprehend they are not impowereth by Law to comply therewith; and taking notice/of the Bill, depending in the 1 Joule; to enable the Conimi/iiouere for building a Bridge cross the Rivyr ot Thames, fromilie City oi Westminster, to the opppiite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purchaspHouses and (grounds, and to widen the Ways, and n^ake more late, and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Pallfiges, heading from Charing Croft to the Two houses of Parliament, then Courts of Justice, and Westminster Bridge: And therefore praying die, House to take the Premoes into Consideration, and to make such Provision in the said Bill for theiPetitioners; or to grant such other Relief in the Premises, as to the Uople shall seem just.

Ordered,'ihat the said Petition be, referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole :f Joule, to whom the said Rill is committed.

Ordered, , That. it.be, an Inflation, to the said Committee, That tl>Ay have Power-to make Provision, jn.xhc said Bill, for the Relief of the Petitioners*

Resolved,

4 9

.Stealing of Lud.

Shrew fimry throiuh E lit I mere Roads.

Relcafe tf J. and G.

Kins; from a Leafs.

584 15° Apr 175

Adjournment. Rejtlved, That this House will, at the Itifing of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevcnnight.

Scotch Mr. Oswald presented to the House, according to Or-

FUhery. der, a Bill for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Petersfield Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiiie his Warrant to Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of

Southampton, in the room of William Gerard Hamilton Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

A Message, by the honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Ulher of die Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal Assent The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s to Bills. Commission for declaring his royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his royal Highness the Duke of land, the Lord Archbishop of the Lord High

Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Privy Seal, and other Lords named in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the royal Assent to the said Bills j which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties payable by all Persons, and Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plate: An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, and for establishing a Method of granting such Licences in Scotland; and for allowing such Licences to be granted at a Petty Session in England, in a certain same therein mentioned:

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on Cards and Dice:

An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation or foreign raw Linen Yarns made of Flax:

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vessels: An Act to prevent his Majesty’s Subjects from serving as Officers under the French King; and for the better enforcing an Act passed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent the inlisting his Majesty’s Subjects to serve as Soldiers without his Majesty’s Licence; and for obliging such of his Majesty’s Subjects, as shall accept Commissions in the Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General of the United , to

take the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration:

An Act to impower his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Salt-petre; and to enforce the Law for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Gun-powder, or any Sort of Arms and Ammunition; and also to impower his Majesty to restrain the carrying Coastwise of Salt-petre, Gunpowder, or any Sort of Arms or Ammunition:

An Act to impower Judges of Courts of Record in Cities and Towns Corporate, Liberties and Franchises, to set Fines on Persons who shall be summoned to serve upon Juries in such Courts, and shall neglect to attend:

An Act to obviate a Doubt arisen on an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors; and for Relief of Sheriffs, and Keepers of Prisons, in respect to Escapes of such Pi rfons as were prevented by the said Doubt from being discharged under the said Act:

An Act for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain Duties payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into, or out of, the Harbour of the Town and County of; and also of Ballast and Boomage Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into, and going cut of, the said Harbour; and for the enlarging, better repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Harbour, and the Quays and Wharfs; and fer providing a proper Place for keeping Gunpowder in or near the said Town; and for establishing and regulating the nightly Watch, and enlightening the Streets, in the said Town:

An Act for the explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, Two several Acts of Parliament, One of them passed in the Thirteenth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for making the River Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, and the other made in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for making more effectual the said former Act:

An Act for the better supplying the City of Edinburgh with fresh and wholsome Water:

An Act for erecting, maintaining, and supporting, a Lighthouse on the Island of Litt in the County of Bute, at tire Month of the River Clyde in North Britain; and for rendering the Navigation in the Frish and River of Clyde more safe and commodious:

An Act for completing and finishing a new Church, and laying out and inclohng a Cemetery thereto, in the Island of Portland:

An Act to impower the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestry, of the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, to make a Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and the better repairing of the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the said Parish: An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundreds of Colneis and , in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for the better paving and amending, cleansing, enlightening, and watching, the Streets, Highways, Lanes, and Passages, within the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop:

An Act for imbanking and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds called the lying and being in

the several Pavifhes of Sutton, Ely,

IVitchford, Wentworth, Coveney, and Down ham, in the Ilk of Ely and County of Cambridge, and of with

Earith, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, lying between the Hundred Foot River and the Onze, and bounded on the South by the Hardlands of Witcham, Wentworth, Witchford, Ely, Downhant, and Littieport; and for

impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of thej Company of Conservators of the Great Level eft he Fens, commonly called Bedford Levelto fell certain Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid, commonly called Invested Lands:

An Act for building a Bridge across the River Wye, from the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Radnor:

An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, at Westminster, and their Success'ors, to make and grant unto James Mal/ors a Lease or Leases of certain Pieces of Ground, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised within certain Limits,

29 Geo. IL 15 Apritis. 585

mits, fora longer Term of Years than they are at present enabled to grant:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Tie-pair, several Roads leading from the Market-house, and el few here, in the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads leading from the M arket-houte in the Town of Much IFentock, in the County of Salop:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the City of Gloucefie^, towards Cheltenham and Tewkesbury., in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the several Roads from the Town of Pool, in the County of Montgomery, to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and also me Kond from Knockin, in the County of Salop, to Llanrhauler in Mochnant, in the County of jDenbigh:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the White Stoop, near the North End of the Town of Derby, through the Towns of Duffield and Clufi afield, in the County of Derby to the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York; and from the said Town of Dufiield to the Moot Hall in the Town of Wirksworth, in the said County of Derby:

An Act for changing and altering Two several Ronds directed to be amended and widened by an Act, made in the Twenty-Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall:

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shord and the Devizes; and from Stert S'cn's, in fire Parish of Urjl/out, to Roved Ford, in the County of Wilts; and for changing and altering Part of the Lid Highways, and for repairing the Road from the Top of Rea Hone to Stert Stone aforesaid:

An Act for reaming and widening the Hoad from the Town of Farringdon, in the County of Berks, to the Town of Crickl.ide, and from thence to the down of MaUncsbury, in the County of Wilts, and the Road from thence to j ;in the Turnpike Hoad at Adlan Turvilc, in the County of Gloucester, and ailb the Rond horn 7b/-bery, in the said County, through Malmcfbury aforesaid, to Chippenham Bridge, and the Road from 5herften, tejoin the Turnpike Road leading ffcjm Tetbury to Baih:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act paflccl in the 2 \ (t Year of the Ifeign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from tire Town of K owes, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Dm hum, and from thence through Stem-drop to Newgate »n Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate axng Liiab Chair to Gannulless Bridge, and from thence by Me/derfion Gill, to the Turnpike Hoad near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham; and for making the same more effectual:

An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from a Place called Fryar Bacon's Study to Chilton Pond; and fr.in the’lop of Hinkfiy HIV to Foxcombe Hill Gate, in the Road leading to Farringdon, in the County of Berks:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the Town of K.rgtm, in the County of Hereford, through the Welsh Hull Lane, as far as the same County extends; and the several Roads leading train Kington alcreiaid to BrilLys Mountain-, to Fair defies; to silmelev; to Fee ley's G, ecu; to Eardiflaud; to Staple Bar; and to Milieu Ihv.fie; in the said County of Hereford:

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-inth Year of the Reign of his present Mjjefcv, intituled, An Act i r repairing the Roadstroin the d own of Leeds, through Harwood, to the South-well Corner of the Indofu.es ot Harrowgate, and from thence in Two Branches, one through Ripley, over Enrage Green, and the other through Knarejborcttgh and Boroughbridge, to VoL. 27.

Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or R0yd Assent Watercoune on Hutton Moor, in the County of York; to ' and fcr repairing the Sloughs or Hutson the said Moor:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough; and from the Eatl End of Marham Lane to the Town of Walton, in the County of Northampton; and from the Town of Bourns to the Town of Colfier-worth; and from Bonington High Bridge o the Cn fs Poll in the Parish of llacconby; and from the East End of a

Lane called Hale Drove, to and through the Town of Old Sleaford, to the End of Long Hedge, in the Parish of Quar ringtail, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his present Mojeliy’s Reign, for repairing the High Road leading from Darlington, in the County of Durham, to West Auckland, and several other Roads in the (kid County, therein mentioned; and for the effectual amending the same:

An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of his present Majesb/s Reign, for effectually amending and repairing the Hoad leading from Wandsford BridgCi in the County of Northampton, to the Town and Borough of Stanford, in the County of Lincoln; and for repairing the Road from the Borough of Stamford to Sta-plcford Bridge, in the Parish of Eyeball, in the County of Rutland; and from thence to Bourne, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Cole ham Bridge, in Shrewfoury, to the Market-place in Church Siretton, and to the Top of Lythwood Hill; and from Pulley Common to the Maypole in Coudover; and from Coleham Bridge to Lougdon, in the County of Salop:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the Town of Shrewsbury to Preston Brock hurfi, to Shaw bury, and to Shreyhill, in the County of Salop:

An AcT for repairing and widening the Roads from the North End of Dunfby Lane, to the South-weft Corner of Rif‘holm Hedge, and to Car holm Gate, Drinfey Nookef and Dunham and LittlebwrghFerries\ and from the North End of WaddHgton Field, and the Bridge over the River Wit ham at Bracebridge, to the City of Lincoln; and from the Gate at the Foot of Cauzvicke Hill, to the Great Bar Gates, of the said City; and for enforcing the Performance of Statute-work upon the Highways communicating with the said Roads, to a certain Distance from the said Roads:

An Act for repairing and widening the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Paisley Bridge, in the County of York:

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Aci, paired in the Twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, fcr repairing and widening the Road from Leicester to Narborough; and from Leicester to Coventry, and from thence through Kenilworth to Warwick, and item thence to Halford Bridge; and from Warwick to Stratford upon Avon; and from Coventry to Mariyas Gutter, leading towards Stcncleigh Town; and for sup-p!y ing an Omission in an Act, passed in the last Session q! Parliament, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, so far as the same relates to that Part of the said Road which leads from the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton, and from thence through the Parishes of Chilvers Cotton and Bed worth, to Bifl, ops Gate, in the City ol Coventry:

An Act for providing a Maintenance fer the Marquis cf Bland ford, during the Life of his Father the Duke of Marlborough; and for rebuilding the said Duke's House at Langley, in the County of Rucks; and for purchasing in, and making void, divers Lcalcs granted by the said Duke, in Tiult for his younger Children; and for other Pur poles therein mentioned:

An Act to enable John Earl of Sandwich, George Earl of Cf dmondeiev, and Welbore Ellis Esquire, to take, jn Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice T lealurer and Receiver 7 JC General,

586 j 5" Jprilis. A. 1756-

Royal Assent General and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty’s Re-_.t1? venues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify them- selves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices:

An Act for making the Exemplification of the last Will of the right honourable Richard late Earl of

lington and Cork, deceased, Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity in Great Britain and Ireland:

An Act for vesting the capital Messuage of and divers Lands, in Kent, Part of the settled Estate of Fere Lord Vere, in Trustees, to be conveyed to

Bagfhaw Esquire, the Purchaser thereof, pursuant to Articles: and for settling another Estate, in the County of Middlesex, of greater Value, in lieu thereof:

An Act forraifing Money out of the Estates of Ralph Lane Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Northampton and Cambridge, for discharging the Incumbrance affecting the fame; and for applying Part of the personal Estate of Elizabeth Lane, his Wife, deceased, in the Purchase of the CambridgeshireEstate, to be settled pursuant to her Will:

An Act for vesting certain Adjudications, now vetted in the Crown by the Conviction or Attainder of Mackenzie, of Fraferdale, in M'Leod of Genies,

Esquire:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Parson Gentleman, and Honour his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Portions for younger Children, and for laying out the Surplus, if any, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the Uses of their Marriage Settlement:

An Act for veftingin Trusteescertain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Farms, in the County of settled up-

on the Marriage of Richard Dickson Skrine Esquire with Elizabeth his now Wife, to be sold and conveyed pursuant to Articles *, and for laying out the Purchase-money in other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the Uses of their Marriage Settlement:

An Act to enable Theodore Henry Broadhead, an Infant, to make Leases of the Estates given and devised to him by the Will of his Uncle Broadhead Esquire,

deceased:

An Act for vesting the Estate of Trevor Charles Roper and Henry Roper, who are both Infants, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold 3 and for applying the Purchase-money for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, under the Directions of the Court of Chancery:

An Act for felling the settled Estate of Thomas Fo/liott Baugh Esquire, in the County of Hereford-, and for settling another Estate, of greater Value, to the Uses of his Grandfather’s Will, and his own Marriage Settlement,

respectively:

An Act for enabling the Mailer and Fellows of Katherine Hall, in the University of Cambridge, to purchase, settle, and dispose of, Tenements and Grounds for the making and erecting an additional Building to their College or Hall, for the Reception and Maintenance of Six Fellows and Ten Scholars, founded by the Will of Mary Ramsden, deceased; and for impowering any Corporation within the said University to sell and convey other Lands and Tenements for that and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned:

An Act for enabling Ann Coryton, Elizabeth Goodall, and William Goodall, to make Leases of several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall, and Devon, during the Minori- ties of John Coryton, and others, the Infant Children of Peter Coryton Esquire, deceased:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of John Talbot the younger, Esquire, settled upon his Marriage, in Trustees, for raising a Sum of Money for discharging Debts and Incumbrances:

An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange of Tythes, Cottages, and Lands, fora Messuage, Farms, Lands, and Common of Pasture, in Steeple Aston, in the County of Oxford, pursuant to an Agreement between the Principal and Scholars of King’s and College of Bra-

zen Nose, in Oxford, John Eaton, Clerk, and Francis Page Esquirej and also for giving Power to the said Francis Page, and others claiming under the Will of Sir Francis Page Knight, deceased, to make a Jointure on any Wife or Wives with whom they may intermarry:

An Act for Sale of the Manor and capital Messuage of Tadworth, and divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, late the Estate of John Fleetwood Esquire, deceased; and purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses in his Will:

An Act for vesting the Estates of Evelyn Charles Francke and Edward Francke Esquires, in the County of Lancaster, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging a Mortgage affecting the fame; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled pursuant to the Wills of the said Evelyn Charles Francke and Edward Francke respectively:

An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard Gough Aubrey Esquire, in the Counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and Carmarthen, in Trustees, to raise Money to discharge several Incumbrances affecting the famej and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to impower Sir John MBaronet and Joseph Moyle Esquire, Two of the surviving Trustees in an Indenture dated the 25th Day of December 1743, to raise the several Sums in the said Indenture mentioned, or such of them as are still unsatisfied, and pay the same, as well as the rest of the personal Estate of Hugh Gregor, deceased, to such Person as Jane Gregor, an Infant, shall marry during her Infancy, with the Consent of the said surviving Trustees, and of her Guardians:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Glover with Hannah Nunn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again j and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the undivided Parts of the several common Fields in the Township of Wart-hill, in the County of York; and for giving Compensations to the Rector of Haltby, in the same County, and the Vicar of Warthillaforesaid, in lieu of Tythes, and certain Ecclesiastical Dues:

An Act for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common Failures, waste Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Manors and Parish of Sow, in the County of Warwick, and County of the City of Coventry:

An Act for inclosing divers Parcels of waste Grounds or Commons in Ell ell, in the County of Lancaster:

An Act for inclosing and dividing Tinwell Fields, in the County of Rutland-, and for settling a Stipend on the Rector, in lieu of Glebe and Tythes:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common or Moor called Aston and Shardlow Moor, and several common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of Weston cum Membris and Prebend of Sawley, in the County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and common Grounds, in Newton, in the Parish of Clifton upon Duns-more, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for authorizing and impowering John Riley, and hislffue, to take and ule the Surname of Wheelwright, instead of the Surname of Riley:

An Act to enable James Leigh Esquire, now called James Perrot, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Perrot, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Perrot Esquire, deceated:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Bonnet:

An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Paul.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, Ti\o.t this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ke> upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

And

5^7

29 Geo. II. 15° — 26° — 27"

And then the House adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 26th Day of this instant Nine of the

Clock in the Morning.

Lunee, 26° die Apr His;

Anno 290 Georgii IlJl Regis, 1756. Prayers.

Pfhval’s A N ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act liflatM. for vetting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estates of Francis Blake

vaI Esquire, in Trustees, for railing Money to pay off and discharge several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lord Carysfort, Mr.

Cartwright, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. , Mr.

Wil/es, Mr. West, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lyjler, Lord Mr. Lewis, Sir Lionel

Pilkington, Mr. Alexander, Sir Meredith, Mr. Ri-

der, Mr. Butler, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr.

Wilkin[on, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. GajhryMr. Lifter, Sir Francis Poole, Sir George Lee, Mr. Belchier, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Forrester, Mr. Mr. Bagot, Sir

John Molesworth, Mr. Admiral Griffin, Mr.

Bowes, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Sir Middleton,

Mr. Onfloiv, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Harley, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Coventry, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr Rigby, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gower, Mr. Version, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Walpole, Mr Alderman Beckford; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Westmoreland, Cumberland,

Durham and Fork: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

IbomhaugV. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name. ena^je John Thornhangh Esquire, now called John

Hewett, and his Defendants, to take and use the Surname of Hewett, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas llewett Knight, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Sandys, Lord Verney, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proffor, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lev Cower, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Carxsfort, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Butler, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Sir Conyers D'Arey, Mr. Powell, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Northey, Mr. Bagot, Sir Henry Grey, Admiral Griffin, Sir Wm. Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Med/ycott, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Trijl, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr.

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Scott, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hammond; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lincoln, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wayt and Mean*.

Supply.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

'* S'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 27.

Martis, 270 die Aprilis;

Anno 290 Georgii IP' Regis, 1756. Prayers.

MR. Lyjler reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution several Contrafts made by, or on the behalf of, James late Lord Bullceley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life-time, for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the County of Chester; and for applying the Purchase-money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Sir Robert Ladbroke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Fryars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cumberland, in the room of Sir William Lowther Baronet, deceased.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Paffhge over and through London Bridge, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing a sufficient Nu mber of Con stables for the Service of the City and Liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances, and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz. s

Pr. 1. L. 26. After " being," insert " or:"

L. 29. Leave out " are," and insert " is:"

L. 30. After " his," leave out " or their L. 32. After " Dean," insert " or:"

Pr. 2. L. 1. After " felling," leave out " therein," and insert " Alehouse keepers, Victuallers, or Persons retailing spirituous Liquors only, excepted:"

Pr. 2. L. 33. After " Stead," insert " such other Persons not being Alehouse-keepers, Victuallers, or Persons retailing spirituous Liquors:"

L. 38. After" being," insert" or:"

L. 40. Leave out " or their:"

Pr. 3. I,. 2. After" Dean," insert " or

L. 3. Leave out" they are," and insert "he

is:

L. 17. After " Dean," insert " or:

L. 18. Leave out " or their:"

L. 22. Leave out " them," and insert "him :" L. 23. Leave out" they," and insert "he:"

Pr. 5.

Lord BuJke!ey*s Kit ale.

B!acltfriars

Bridge.

Cumberland

Writ.

London

Bridge.

Appointing Con liable* in

Westminster,

58 8 2 7* — 28° A. 1756.

Pr. 5. L. 17. After Dean," insert " or

L: 18. Leave out " they are," and insert " he

" is

L. 20. Leave out " rhey," and insert " he L. 25. Leave out them," and insert " him:" L. 26. Leave out " they are," and insert " he

is

L. 28. Leave out "them," and insert "him L. 30. After " Dean," insert "or:"

Pr. 6. L. 12. Leave out " Fourteen," and insert " Seven

L. 21. After " Dean," insert " or :"

L. 26, 27. Leave out " a licented," and insert " bein'* an Aiehouse-keeperand, after Victualler," insert " or Retailer of spirituous Liquors:" L. 37. After " Dean," insert " or :"

Pr. 7. L. 6. Leave out "them," and insert " him :" L 24. After " Dean," insert " or."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Mtffage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr* Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Wipping The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Streets. for regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and better enlightening, paving, and cleansing, the Streets, and other Pr.ffr.ges, and repairing the Highways, within the Parishes of Saint John H'app Saint Paul Shadwell, the , Hamlet of Ratcliffe, the, Parish of Saint Ann, in the County of Middlesex, and the Precinct of in

the Liberty of the Tozcer of without any Amendment: And also,

Rve Way The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled An Act for koai amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the R) ell'ay, in the Parish of in the County of Hereford, to Prefteignc, in the County of Radnor,

' and from thence to Lein; and Com Preft eigne, aforesaid to the Top of Trap; and from the Rye

Way aforesaid, by the Maidenhead, to in the County of Salop, without any Amendment.

And then the Me Congers withdrew.

Inpriftmment Mr. -Si7fo;ipreferred to the House, according to Order, of Debtors. n for revqving ant| continuing an Act for the Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and for continuing an Act, made in the lull Session of Parliament, to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Charing R Joined, That this House will, upon Morn-

Cross ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole improvement. House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the ' City of fif JlminJfer, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purchase ! loufesand Grounds, and to widen ' the Ways, and make more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two nr.u"es of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and Wefmhifier Bridge.

Qja!><v?i*.» Resolved, Thar this IJou e will, upon Morn-

lor P i’n: next, resolve itself into a Committee of ifie whole

Hmifc, upon the Bit to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock:

*4

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arile concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights, of the Shire; be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir James Creed have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The Bill for more effectually discouraging and preventing the Healing, and the buying and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell-metal, and Solder, fixed to, or lying or being in or upon, any House, Out-houses, or Building", Yards, or Gardens thereto belonging, or from any Ship, Barge, Lighter, Boar, or other Vessi.1 or Craft, upon any navigable River, or in any Port of K.rttry or Discharge, or in any Creek belonging thereto, or from off any Wharf or Quay adjacent, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this 1 Ioure will, upon Friday Morn -ing next, refalve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 3° Afrilis;

Anno 29° Georgii lldi Regis, 1756. Prayers.

S^RDERED, That the BilJ to render more effectual an Act,

made in the 7th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Practice of Stockjobbing, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

An ingossed Bill for explaining and making more effectual 3n Ad, passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the EastEnd of Rnongton High Lane, in the County of York, to the d own of Richmond, and from thence to and through toe Towns of Afkrigg ami Ingleton, in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Latter, fter\ and also for repairing the Road leading from Richmond aforesaid, through Gifting, Mclfonby, and Aldbrough, to Lucy, otherwise Loujy Cross, and from Gifting, through Gifting Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gal her ley Afoor; was read the Third time. f

The Amendments foil wing were. severallyproposed to be made to the Bill; viz. . , -

Pr. 13. L. 30. After €C Diflrids," to insert c< when <c and io often as to them (Rail seem necessary:"

L. 35. After u Charcoal/’ to insert " or," and leave out %c Turf* or other Fuel

Pr. 14. L. 10. To leave out " June," and insert " Jidy

Pr. 35. L. 37. To leave out " Coal, Charcoal."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for explaining and making more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the East EnJ or Brumpton High Lane, in the County, of York, to the Town o' Richmond, and from thence ro and through the I owns of AJkrigg and I gleto.i, in the said County* to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster j and also for repairing the Hoad hading born Richmond aforesaid, through C 'tiling, Me If on by, and A'db rough, to Lucy otherwise Lo:fy Cross; and from Gifting, through Gifting Town Lane \ to the Turnpike Road on Gathtrhy Moor.

Ordered,

Ebftions of Knights of Sidles.

Stealing of Luo.

Preventing

Stock-

jphtuig.

Brumotoo High Lane Road.

9 Geo. II. a8 1589

Ordered, That Sir Conyers do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

York Sir John Crojfereported from the Committee, to whom Building*, the Bill to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in York Buildings, in the Parish of Martin in the Fields, in the County of to make and levy a Rate on themselves, sufficient to answer the Expence of pulling down, removing, rebuilding, and repairing, of the Terrace Walk and Water Gate, and l'uch other Part of the Premises adjoining to the River Thames, and belonging to the said Buildings, as shall be judged necessary; and for keeping the same in Repair for the future; was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of Elizabeth Alderson, Widow, referred to the said Committee; and had heard the Petitioner by her Counsel; and had also heard Counsel, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be

read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’sTable.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be recommitted to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Notice being taken of some Mi flakes having been Estimate of made in the Estimate of the Charge of 6,544 Foot of the Hessian Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe from 23d - Troops. (try 1756 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 306 Days, which was presented to the House upon Monday the 12th Day of this instant April -,

Ordered, That the said Estimate be withdrawn, in order to the presenting of a perfect Estimate.

And the said Estimate being withdrawn;

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Estimate of the Charge of 6,544 Foot of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, from 23d February 5756 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 306 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 6,544 Foot of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel, from the 23d February 1756 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 306 Days.

Numbers.

Pay of Eight Battalions of Foot - 6,544

Pay of General and Staff Officers -

Pay of the Train of Artillery -

British Pav to the Eight Battalions of Foot, from 24 April 1756 to 24 December following, both inclusive, being 245 Days -British Pay to the General and Staff Officers for the said 245 Days -BritiJJt Pay to the Train of Artillery for the said 245 Days To the remaining Moiety of 198,000 Crowns Bank-money, payable for Levy-money for Infantry and Artillery, being 99,000 Crowns at 4-f. 9 %d,each ——

To the First Moiety of 112,000 Crowns payable for Remounting-money for the Cavalry, being 56,000 Crowns, at 4J. 9!^. each For the additional Subsidy of 150,000 Crowns for Six Months, from the 6th February to the 6th of A 1756 - -

War Office,

28th April 1756. Barrington.

Holland Money for 61 Days, from 23d February 1756, the Day on which the Troops were muttered, to 23d April following, thesupposed Day of their Embarkation, both indufire. Reduced into Sterling at 11 Guilders to the Pound*

Guilders. St. £. s. d'

156,421 r8 — 14,220 3 6

S>397 15 9 490 14 2

11,972 13 6 1,088 8 6

I73»79a 7 3 15,799 6 2

m am 79,130 18 4

- 3,603 — 7}

9,480 9 ji

23,821 17 6

— *3A7S

- 18,046 17 6

Total - l63>357 9 9

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Scotch A Bill for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Kfcery. Great Britain called Scotl, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bamfgate Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making a more

Harbour, safe and commodious Harbour at Ramsgate, be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next.

V01. 27.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Militfc whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ordering LaW». of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, was re-committed, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevcnnight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Wayi ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Mean* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning gj (

next, reloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, PP to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

7 L And

590

2.8'

39'

A 17

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 2 90;

Anno 29° Georgii IId* Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

Dom / "ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant

Writ. \J to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of , in the room of Peter Burrell Esquire, deceased.

YVapoing A Petition of the several Freeholders, and others, urch.&c. Owners and Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the Parish of Saint John of in the County of

Middlesex, wh)fe Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others. Owners and Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That if the Bill, now depending in the House, for rebuilding the Parish Church, and enlarging the Church-yard, of Saint John of

sing, in the County of MidJlefeshould pass into a Law,

as it now (lands, it will greatly prejudice the Property of the Petitioners, and lay a very heavy and unnecessaryTax upon them; And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now (lands; and that the Petitioners maybe heard by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect them, or may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Laid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: Apd that the Petitioners be heard by them-selve?, or their CounfeJ, before the said. Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instructionto the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition;

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Surrender Ordered, That Lea/e be given to bring in a Bill to of L.e.ifcs authorize the Surrender of Leaieson the behalfot Intants of Infants, aQj Lunatics, and Femes Covert, in order for the obtain-c’ ing a Renewal of such Leaies: And that Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Sir John

Mr. Henkes, and Mr. B do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Waple:

Mr. Speaker,;

White Sheet The. Lords have Agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act H'11 for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, \ ap Act of Parliament, rpade in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet llill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Mil-

borne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somefet, to the Half Way in the: Parish of Nether

, v ' otheTwile Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset;

1 and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftesbury

and Sherborne aforesaid; and for repairing the Roads adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

ol ....

Westini.jftor A Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more Villi Market, effectual, an Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty’s lleign, intituled, An Act for making a fre#

the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook; was read a Second time.

Resolved , That the Bill be committed to Colonel Haldane, Sir John Turner, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Bauhes, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Bond, Mr. '

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Lord Geo.

ville, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Hill, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Eger-ten, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Co-

lonel Griffin, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Syiuonds,

Mr. Wcjlfaltng, Mr. Fazakerlev, Mr. IVilkhfm Mr.

Gore, Sir Willoughby Alloit, Sir Hemy Mr.

Mr. Hewett, Mr. IVilles, Sir Matthew Mr. Ba-

con, Sir Roger Neivdigate, Sir John Crcffe, Mr. Martin,

Lord Egm out, Mr. Willy, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Olmius, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Mackey, Mr.

Dr ax. Lord Hobart, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Stanley, Mr.

Dawkins, Mr. Vaughan, Lord PSir Hugh Dairy m pie, Mr. M'Kenzie, Mr. Charles Colonel Honywood, Mr. Ojiva/d, Mr. Edward Vernon, Mr. Trifi,

Mr. Crefwe/l, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Mr. Webb,

Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Mr. Nicho/fon

Calvert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Snnry, Kent, and EfJ'ex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution several Contrails made by, Buikeley’j or on the behalf of, James late Lord in the Estate.

Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life-time, for the Sale of several Lands and Tenements in the County of Chester; and for applying the Purchase-money to discharge Incumbrances aff sting the fame; was read the Third time.

Resolved, Ttiat the Bill do pats.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any AmenJment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Charing resolve iticlf into a Committee of the whole I ioufe, upon Croft the Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge In, Pt0T*"0'* cr.ols the River of Thames, from the City csilVeJlminflerK.es the.opposite Shore in the County of to purchase

Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more l'afe and commodious, the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and Wfimiufler Bridge;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being.read, for the Iloule to Qualifying resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon for Otfic«», the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qua- &c* lify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Miorning,

.resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon ‘ the said Bill.

1 The other Order of the Day being read;

The Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arise con- Electiom cerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in of Knigiws Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called; o^SliUn.

and for further regulating the Proccedingsat the Elections of such Knights of the Shire; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That tire Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, rdblve itself into a Committee of the whole Market for the Safe of Ftlh in the City of Westminster; House, upon the said. Bill, and for preventing the forefUliing and monopolizing of

And then the House adjourned til! To-moriow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

monopolizing of Filfi, and for allowing the Safe of Eilh, under the Di- menGons. mentioned 19 % Clause contained in a* Act of iS

49 Geo. It.

So'

Veneris, 30 Apr ilk;

Anno 290 Georg) 1 Ud' Regis, 1756. Prayers.

York

Building?.

59*

ployed or concerned in Shipping and Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill, depending in the House, for making a more safe and Commodious Harbour at Rams and alleging, That if the said Harbour is conltruded and finirtied agreeable

SI R John Grope reported from the Committee, to to the Plan which has been proposedupon the late Sur-whom the Bill to enable the Proprietors and Inhabit- vey made by (he Crown, it will be extremely advqnta* ants of Houses in Took Buildings in the Pari Hi of Saint geous and i.leful to the Navigation of this Kingdom: Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to And therefore praying, That the said Plait may be carried

make and levy a Rate on themselves, sufficient to answer into Execution by the said Bill; and that the Petitioners the Expence of pulling down, removing, rebuilding, and may be heard, by themselves, or Count'd, in Support of repairing, of the Terrace Walk and Water Gate, and the said Bill, and in Answer tp any Objections that may such other Part of the Premises adjoining to the River be made thereto.

Thames, and belonging to the said Buildings, as shall be That the said Petition do lie upon the

judged necessary; a.,d for keeping the same in Repair for Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time, the future; was re-committed, That the Committee bad

gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments The Order of the Day being read, for the House to thereunto; which they had diseded him to report to resolve ilself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and the Bill for more effectually discouiaging and prevent-alterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in ing the Healing, and the buying and receiving of flolcn at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once Lead, Iron, Copper, Brafe, Bell Metal, and Solder, fixed read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; to, or lying or being in or upon, any House, Outhouses, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of or Buildings, Yards or Gardens, thereto belonging, or them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by from any Ship, Barge, Lighter, Boat, or other Veil'd or the House: And several Amendments were made by the Craft, upon any Navigable River, or in any Port of Entry,

House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, grolied.

Qualifying for Offices Ice.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, is committed, commodious Harbour at

or Discharge, or in any Creek belonging thereto, or from be in- off any Wharf or Key adjacent.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for making a more lafe and

Planting

Waste Land#.

That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for Relief of such Members or Officers of any City, Corporation, or Borough Town, who may have forfeited their respective Ad millions or Franchises.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hand Sir Cecil Bishop be

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; Ordered, That the Eft i mate of the Charge of 6,544

Dei ember following, both

added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare Foot of the Troops of the Landgrave of Caffe!, from and bring in, a Bill for inclosing, with the mutual Con- - ' "

fentof the Lords and Commoners, a certain Part of any commonable Wood, Waste, or Pasture, lor the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood.

Preventing

Stuck-

jobbing.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

23U February 1756, to 24th inclusive, being 306 Days, be referred to the said Coni'-mittee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the-Charge of Two Regiments of Foot ordered from Ireland to North America, and of Four Regiments of Foot on the / Establishment, serving in North America and the East,

Reading of the Bill to render more effectual an Act, made for the Year 1736, be referred to the said Committee, in the 7th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Mato prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, be jesty and the Landgrave of Hffe Cassel, ligned at He no-

London

Bridge.

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was rtad a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TuefJny Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom, the Bill to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, was re-committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That inch a Number of Copies of the said Bi|l, wi in the Amendments, be printed, as (hah be fufli-cient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ram (gate. Harbour.

A Petition of several Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Persons, residing in and near the City of London* em-VCL. *7.

ver9 June 18th, 1755, and Translation, be referred to the Sxid Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they haddirested him to report, when the House will pleate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquaintedfthe House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Tuesday Morning nejet, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to quality themselves for Offices and Promotions within the

Time

Stealing of Lead.

Ramfgafce Hartolr.'

Supply#

Qualifying for Otfiers, See.

5 92

30° Jprills. — 30 Mail

A. 1756.

Ramsgate

Harbour*

Tellers for the Yeas.

of:

]s8.

Paddington New Road.

Shrew ffiury thro’ Ellefrrere Raids,

Sale of

D^ntfey

Manor.

Jalabm’s

Nat.

Sheffield, kc. Court of Cooscience.

Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

The postponed Order of the Day being read i

The ingossed Bill for making a more lafe and com* modious Harbour at Ramsgate, was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided. 1

The Y eas went forth.

Sir John Mr. Bond:

Tl, , XT f Mr. Alderman,

Tellm for the No», ’ Mr G,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for making a more safe and commodious Harbour at Ramsgate.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Lyttelton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce> 3° die Mali;

Anno 29* Georgii II" Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gatehouse and and from

St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge, in the County of MiJi.lefex, to make a new Road from the great Northern Road t Islington to the Edgezvarc Road near Paddington; and also from the North End of Portland Street, cross the Bat thing Pye House Fields, into the said new Road; and foi enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two feve-val Acts for repairing the said Roads from St. Giles's Pound to Kilbourn Bridge j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to in the County of

Denbigh; and to repair and widen several other Roads therein mentioned, and the Road from Wrexham to and from thence to Pen Fordd y Waen, in the Parish of Whitford; and also the Road from Broughton to Mold, in the County of Flint; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Dantfey and Hundred of Chip', penkam, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, late the Estates of Charles Earl of Peterborozu and Monmouth, deceased, in Trustees, for raising a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Jalaber an Infant, under the Age of Eighteen Years, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Proceedings in peri'onal Actions in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclesall, in the County of lV£,with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords deft re the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Bill be read & Second Time.

A Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Bldck Fryars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Sir John Armytage, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Hewett, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Symonds, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Oswald, Sir Franess Poole, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Mr.

lowts. Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. , Sir Wm.

rington, Mr. Vernon, Mr. John Harvey, Mr.

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Budgen, Mr.

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Phillipson, Lord Shelburne, Sir Percy Brett, Mr. Gore, Mr. Young, Sir Charles Mcr-daunt, Mr. Ingram, Mr. Toi Mr. Sir

Henry Erskine, Mr. Duff, Mr. Hume, Mr. Ward, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Sir John Barnard, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Wm. Moreton, Sir Samuel,

Mr. Alderman Beckford, Dr. Hay, Mr. Mr. Co-

ventry, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Webb, Sir Matthew Fetherfonhaugh, Sir Wm. Beauchamp , Mr.

Kent, Mr. Thomas Fonnereau, Mr. Mr.

Lifter, Mr. Nugent, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Geo.

Jloiv, Mr. Rigby, and all the Members who serve for the City of London, the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, EJJ'ex, Kent, Hertford, and Sussex, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all who come to the Committee, have Voices.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his P.ace, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-three thousand Three hundred Fifty-I'even Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of Six thousand Five hundred Forty four Foot, with the General Officers and Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of in

the Pay of Great Britain, from the 23d of February 1756, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-nine thousand Nine hundred and Fifteen Pounds Six Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Regiments of Foot ordered from Ireland to North America, and of Four Regiments of Foot on the Irish Establishment, serving in North America and the East Indies, for the Service of the Year 1756.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children to receive into the said Hospital all Children under a certain Age, to be appointed by the said Governors and Guardians, who shall be brought to the said Hospital after the First Day of June, and before the 31 ft Day of December 1756.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Blacken

Surrender of # Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, accord- An ingossed Bill to enable the Proprietors and Inha-Lrjfcs «f ing to Order, a Bill to authorize the Surrender of Leases bitants of Houses in York Buildings^ in the Parish of Saint Inf.11>.*, &c. Qn behalt of Infants, Lunatics, and Femes Covert, in Martin in the Fields, in the County of MidJAfe.x\ to make order for the better Renewal of such Leases: And the and levy a Pate on themselves, sufficient to answer the Ex-1 same was received > and read the Firit time. pence of pulling down, removing, rebuilding, and repair-

Sppply.

York

Building*.

29 Geo. II. 3° M593

ing, of theTerriceWalkand Water Gate* and such other Part of the Premises adjoining to the River and

belonging to the said Buildings, as shall be judged need* (ary; and for keeping the same in Repair for the fu* ture; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. r. L. 3$. After " Lord," to insert " Viscount:"

Pr. 2. L. 5. After " Folkes,"to insert " " burn, Level Blackburn

Pr. 14. L. 2 7. To leave out " shall be," and insert

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

arc:

is:

L. 30. To leave out " shall be," and insert

L. 31. After "or," to insert " shall be:"

Pr. 16. L. 14. To leave out " and, " and insert " or," The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do p.afs: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in York Buildings, in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County to make and

levy a Rate On themselves, sufficient to answer the Expence of rebuilding, or repairing, of the Terrace Walk and Water Gate, and such other Part of the Premises adjoining to the River and belonging to the said

Buildings, as shall be judged necessary; and for keeping the same in Repair for the future.

Ordered, That Sir John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account of Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, au Account of what Monies are remaining in his hriiaraent Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Authority ot Parliament.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morfoW Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a- Bridge crol's the River of Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Wap, and make more safe and commodious the Streets, Aven* ues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and West*-minster Bridge.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, was re-committed, be taken into Consideration upon Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, To- morrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually discouraging and preventing the Healing, and the buying and receiving, offtolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell Metal, and Solder, fixed to, or lyingor being in or upon, any House, Outhouses, or Build* ings, Yards or Gardens, thereto belonging, or from any Ship, Barge, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel or Craft, upon any navigable River, or in any Port of Entry or Discharge, or in any Creek belonging thereto, or from off any Wharf or Quay adjacent.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses

Wav* and Mean*.

Chari rig Cents Improvement,

LrthdOa

Bridge.

Stealing of Lead.

Planting Ordered, That it be aq Instruction to the Gentlemen, Waste who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for in-Land*. doling, with the mutual Content of the Lords and Commoners, a certain Part of any commonable Wood, Wade, or Pasture, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall unlawfully destroy or deface any Trees growing in any commonable Waste, Wood, or Pasture.

Ordered, That Mr. Mbe added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

F.leflion* Ordered, That the Order, made upon Thursday last, ^or House to resolve itself into a Committee of the 0 S ire*, wfj0]e House, upon Thursday Morning next, upon the Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arise concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England; and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Scotch The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Filliery. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vol. 27.

for the more effectually discouraging and preventing the Healing, and the buying and receiving, stolen Malt,

Corn, or other Grain, from or out of any Malt-house,

Granary, Warehouse, Mill-house, Wharf, Ship, Barge,

Lighter, Boat, Vessel, or other Craft.

Ordered, That Sir John Crofre have leave to make a Motion; it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: Westminster

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Fifti Market to whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the aid Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fife in the City of and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fife; and for allowing the Sale of Fife, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the feme are taken with a Hook; is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for making a Recompence to William Hannington Fifemonger, for the Losses he may sustain by reason of any thing contained in the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Crosse have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they hare Power to receive a Clause or CJaules, to enable the Trustees of Westminster Fife Market to raise such Sum or" Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Market, or the Ground whereon the said Mar* ket is erected, as shall be necessary for making a Recompence to the said William Hannington, and for discharging several Debts by them contrafted in putting the said Act of the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign in Execution.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

7 M

594

4° — 5° Mail. A. 1756.

Martis, 4° die Mali;

Anno 29* Georgii II41 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

THE Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of 8,605 Foot of the Troops Estimatecf of Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain, from the nth Hanoverian Day of May 1756, to the 24th of Decem following, Troopi.

both inclusive, being 228 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz

‘ ESTIMATE of the Charge of 8,605 Foot of the Troops of , in the Pay of Great Britain, from the

iithDayuf May 1756, to the 74th of December fallowing, both inclusive, being 728 Days.

British Pay from the 11 ih Mety 1756, the D*y of their Em* barkation.

The Pay of Twelve Battalions of Foot The Pay of the General and Staff Officers ----- The Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artilkry The Pay of the Officers of the Hospital - - - . Numbers. 1 L 94,034 16 — 5.537 8 — 20,04* 8 6 1.833 to —

War Office, 4th May ij56. Barrington. £.121,447 6

Ordered, That^he said Estimate dqlie upon the Table, to be jperufetJ by the Members of tin; House.

Scotch Mr. Charlton, according to Ocder, reported from the "Tifliwy, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called. Scotland* was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had njaefe to the Bill; apd which they had. directed him, to report to tfre House; and; he Tead the Report in, his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wijth the Amendments in, at t,he Clerk’s Table.: Where the Amendflfenty were once read throughout; and then a Second time.Qre by one; apd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed, to by tho House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Preventing The House agcordipgto Order, resolved itself into a, Stockjobbing- Committee of the whole House, upqu the Bill, to render more effectual an Act^raade in the 7th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the iqfemous Practice of Stockjobbing.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer-took, the Chair.of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had. directed him. to report, when the House will pfeafe. to receive the same.

Notice being taken, that 40 Members weep not prefen!-, the House was told by Mr. Speaker;, and 40 Members not being present; and it being; then after.Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by. Mr. Speaker (without a-, Questioi) first put) till To^nowow Morning, Nfosr of the Clock,

Mercurity 50 die 'Mail;

Anno 29* Georgii II41 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

AMESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. !,

and Mr. Harris:

Mn Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render more.effectual an Act, passed in the xath Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen.employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and allban Ad, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Dif-putes among the Persons concerned therein.; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, incase of the Payment of the Workmens Wages in any. other manoer than in Money; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for c , Sale of the Estate of James Lord Cranftoun, in the County of Northumberland, settled on his. Marriage for the Benefit of Sophia Lady Cranftoun, and their llfue, for railing Money te-discharge the Incumbrances affecting the fame; and also towards disincumbering his Estate in Scotland, settled'also for the Benefit of the said Lady Cranftoun, and thelflueof that Marriage: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And* then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Recorder of London reported from the Committee to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting-the-Manor of Northall, and divers Lands and Hereditaments; in the County of Middlesex, settled on the Marriage of Sir Hutchins Williams Baronet, and devised by the Will of William his Fa-

ther, respectively, in Trustees, in order to be conveyed to Agatha Widow, and her Heirs, pursuant to Articles of Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money arising by Sale of the Estate devised by the said Will, in the Purchase.of Lands to be settled to the Uses of that Will; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and* that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee;

and

Thfirnhaugh's

Name*

Surrender of Lease* of Infants* &c.

Qualifying fur O&cc*, lee/

Charing Cross

Improvement.

Supply.

Soling of Lead.

Preventing

Stock-

jobbing.

29 Geo. II. 56'Mail. 595

and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment t And be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrofi'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Thornhaugh Esquire, now called John HeWett, and his Defendants, to take and use the Surname of Hewett, purfoant to the Will of Sir Thomas Knight, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fund the same to oe true; and that the Committee had directed him him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill to authorize the Surrender of Leases on the behalf of Infants, Lunatics, and Femes Covert, in order for the better Renewal of such Ideates, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be commuted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, Thar this House will, immediately, fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill to indemnify Perforrs who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time , limited by Law; and for allowing futtlier, Time for that Purpose.

The House, accordingly, resolved itself into the' said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Crojfetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Crojfe reported from the Committee', That they had gone through the Bill-, and madefeveraf Amendments thereunto; which they had dirededhim to' report, when the House will pleasero redeiVe the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, To-mortSW Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Cdmrttifliortert for building a Bridge crots the River of Thames, from the City of IVylminfer to the oppofue Shore in the County of to purchase

Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make mor« safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and PafL ages, leading from Charing Ctcfs to the Tw® Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and Westminster Bridge

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more e'fedually difeoucaging and preventing the stealingTand the buying and receiving, of stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Bras's, Bell Metal, and Solder, fixed to, or lying cr being in or upon, any House, Outhouies, or Buildings, Yards or-Garde ns, thereto belonging, or from any Ship, Barge, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel or Craft, upon-any navigable River, or in any Port of Entry or Discharge, or in' any Creek belonging thereto, or from off any Wharf or Quay adjacent.

Ordered, That the Report' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ti\p Bill to render more effec-

Vol. 27. - v -

tUal an Act, made In the "7 th Year of his Majesty^ Iteigri, intituled, An Act to ptevent the infamous Practice *f Stock-jobbing, Was committed, be received To-shortoW Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Militia into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Patt of Great Britain called England, was re-contmltted.

And the said' Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, sortie of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Qualification of Commissioners of the Land Tax, acting in the Execution of this Act.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks) which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bilk

Ordered, That the Bill, with tfre Amendments, be in-grofled.

The other Order of the Day being read j

And the House having continued to fit till after Five of the Clock on Thursday Morning 5 '

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to London whom the Bill to improve, widen, arid enlarge, the Pali- Bridge-age over and through London Bridge, Was committed, be taken into Consideration this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Nine Of the Clock, this Morning.

yoviiy 6° die M;

Anno 290 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756,

Praters.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Brumptoa for explaining and making more effectual an Act, passed High Lane in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Road* Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the East End of Brumpfon High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of Aflerigg and Ingleton, in the said County, to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster j and also for repairing the Road leading from Richmond aforesaid, through Gilling, Melfonby, and Aldbroug/i, to Lucy otherwise Lously Cross, and from Gilling, through Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gather ley;

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act America; for the better recruiting of his Majesty’s Forces on the ^elSmyv Continent of America, and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing Desertion there, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Egletoa inclosing and dividing the common Fields of Egletcn, Inclosum alias Edgston, in the County of Rutland, was committed, be revivedi

Ordered, That the Marquis of Granby, Lord Gage,

Lord George Manners, Lord Ginrnfey, Lord John Caven-

dish. Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Lord Du Sir,

Mr. PMUipfon, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Lord

596

6° — 7* Mail.

A. 1756.

Iman'i

Estate*.

Rimfgite

Harbour*

Planting

Waste

Landi#

Lord

Cranftoun’s

Estates.

Mundy's

Estate*.

Preventing

Stock-

jobbing

Lord Batman, Mr. Clayton, CoJ. Sir Francis

Dashwood, Sir IVm. Courtenay, Mr. , Mr. IVm.

Obrien, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Offley, Mr. Sir

John Rushout, Mr. Selwyn, be mdded to the said Committee.

Mr. Charles Gore reported from the Committee, to whom the ingro/Ted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition between John Leman Esquire,. and Elizabeth Newnham, and John Esquire, of several Estates in the City of London, and Counties of Middlesex and Huntingdon, and for veiling and fouling the intire Premises, which, on liieh Partition, were allotted to the said John Leman, and . beth Newnham> and John Newnham, respectively, to the

Uses therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the AUegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill, intituled, an Act for making a more lafe and commodious Harbour at Ramsgate, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing, with the mutual Consent of the Lords and Commoners, a certain Part of any common-able Wood, Walle, or Pasture, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall unlawfully destroy or deface any Trees growing in any commonable Waste, Wood, or Pasture: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of James Lord Cranfioun, in the County of Northumberland, settled on his Marriage for the benefit of Sophia Lady Cranfioun, and their Issue, for railing Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the lame; and also towards disincumbering his Estate in,

settled also for the Benefit of the said Lady Cranfioun, and the Issue of that Marriage; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second time.

Sir Robert Burdett reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the let tied Estate of WrightJon Mundy Esquire, in the County of Leicester, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the lame, and also his unsettled Estate in the County of Derby; and for settling the Der-brshire Estate, so disincumbered, to the Uses therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the 7th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the infamous Praft ice of Stock-jobbing, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once scad throughout; and then a Second time, one by one;

24

and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted; The Houfo divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Sir BarnarJ> I

Idlers for the leas >I Mr. RiJ

Tellers for the Noes 5 S\r J 7

I eilers for thclN oes, j Mf Thomas \

So it passed in the Negative.

39*

London

Bridge.

Charing

Croft

The Houfo, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, was re-committed.

And the said Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with foveral Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the City of to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading tram Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and Westminster Bridge.

Resolved, That this Houfo will. Tomorrow Morning, Swilirg resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Lt<J. the Bill for more effectually discouraging and preventing the Healing, and the buying and receiving, of stolen Lead,

Iran, Copper, Brass, Bell Metal, and Solder, fixed to, or lying or being in or upon, any House, Outhouses, or Buildings, Yards or Gardens, thereto belonging, or from any Ship, Barge, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel or Craft,

upon any navigable River, or in any Port of Entry or Dif-ciiarge, or in any Cieek belonging thereto, or from off any W h < rf or Quay adjacent.

And t n the Houfo adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy y° die Maii;

Anno 29* Georgii II<1 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

COLONEL Haldane reported from the Committee, to Westminster whom the Bill for explaining, amending, and ren- Market dering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-fe-cond Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster', and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned ina Clausecontained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same was taken with a Hook} was com > mitted. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second

time.

﻿Or-> i

W

2p Geo. II.

597

time, one by one; and upon the Question frverally put; and all the Members who lerve for the City of thereupon, except one of them, which was disagreed to, London, and the Counties of Surrey,

were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by and Kent; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and

Bristol

Etoctioa,

the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Biff, for allowing the shifting of dead Fish.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 30th

Day of March last, for the Hearing, at the Bar of this House, upon that Day Six Weeks, the Matter of the Pe-

all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee, have Voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 8,603 Foot of the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great

Supply.

tition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Britain, from the nth Day of May 1756, to the a+th of

Stealing of Lead.

City of Bristol, and of the Citizens and Freemen of the

laid Citj", whose Names are thereunto subscribed, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Six Weeks.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for more effectually discouraging and preventing the Healing, and the buying and receiving of stolen, Lead,

Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell Metal, and Solder, fixed to, or lying or being in or upon, any House, Outhouses, or Buildings, Yards or Gardens, thereto belonging, or from any Ship, Barge, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel or Craft, upon any navigable River, or in any Port of Entry’ or Discharge, or in any Creek belonging thereto, or from off any Wharf or Quay adjacent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a fele& Committee:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir James Creed, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fe Howes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mabbot, Sir IVm.

Mr. Young, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Recorder of London, Col. Haldane, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Earle, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Edward Vernon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Ward, Mr. Pole, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hume, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Kent, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Montag, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Roger Newdigale, Mr. Sandys, Mr. S/oper, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Bond, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Bayntun Mr. Efeer-ton, Mr. Hanbury, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Alderman Dickinfott, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sir John CroJJ'e,

Mr. li' alpole, Mr. Torke, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Alderman Beck/ord, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Bowes, Mr.

Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaimt, Mr. Moore, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Cal-

Decemberfollowing, both inclusive, being 228 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolutionwhich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Account of Merits

The House being informed. That Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the by

House, pursuant to their Order, P"to"n"*'

An Account of Monies remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Authority of Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

viz.

It

VoL.

27-

7 'N

To

Elcflions of Knights of Shires.

598 7° Ma1756.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of Monies now remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Authority of Parliament.

Relerved to answer Demands upon the following Funds, but no Demands have been made many Years.

For the ill General Wines and Tobacco for Subsidies 1707, 1708, and 1709 Mortgage - Salt and GUIs Wares -

For the ad General New Customs before 1 ft 1710- -

Mortgage - Marriages -

For Land and Sea Service.

Duty on Apples imported -

Forfeitures for Treason -

Imprell-money repaid per Sir John Mordaunt, Commissary for the

Auxiliaries Anno 1748 ——

D° - - - by Peregrine Thomas Hopfon Esquire, late Governor of Louijburg

D° - - - by William Corbett Esquire, for the Royal Navy -

D* - - - by Henry Lascelles Esquire, for the Support of Forts in Africa

D" - - - by Sir John Rujhout Baronet, late Treasurer of the Navy

£ s‘ d.

I, I33 2 —

1,138 5 it

2>743 *9 35 759 *8 6f

131 12 8

1,000-----

859 12 I

296 I3 4! 3,462 16 51

45 9 3 7,724 1 Hi

Unappropriated Revenues.

Profits arising by the Coinage of Copper Money, by the Executors of the Executrix of John Conduit Esquire -

Duty on Gum Senega - -

Arrears on the Duty on Malt, Anno 1751 -

Anno 1752 - -

Anno 1133

Arrears on the Land Tax, Anno 1739 -

4,910 12 —

773 >9

- 1,000 — —

- G091 5 5l

- 2,881 4 —

- 35»321 16 8

Referred to pay the Interest on Nevis and St. Christopher's Debentures.

Contributions to Lottery Act, 1714 ----- 45 ij 62

For the Service of the Mint.

Impress:-money repaid by the Executors of the Executrix of John late

Paymaster of the Mint - 717 7

For Disposition of Parliament.

Surplus of the Duty on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, fmee Lady-day

1746, after satisfyine the Bank of England, to the 5th 1756 - - 17,694 10 4-'

Foreign Salt before Lady-day 1732 < - «-----

Imprelt-money repaid by the Administratrix of Thomas , late Paymaster of the Lottery 1719 ----- - 14 51

Relerved to pay Exchequer Bills, Anno 1697. Additional Tonnage Arrears - -

374 5

s. d.

Remain of the Income of the Sinking Fund for the Quarter ended the 5th April 1756

Exchequer, the 7th May 1756.

Edward Wi/ford.

83,412 2

255>955

339.367 H 5

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to obviate any Doubts that may arise concerning the Electors of Knights of the Shire to fetve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called England', and for further regulating the Proceedings at the Elections of such Knights of the Shire;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(The Lord Register of

Tellers for the Yeas,! Scotland, > 31.

(Mr. Hanbury: )

Teller, *^%g* So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

24-

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this Hovjfe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the Surrender of Leases on the behalf of Infants, Lunatics, and Femes-covert, in order for the better Renewal of such Leases j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

20 The

Ways and Means.

Sitrrende> nf Leaks of Infant, &c.

19 Geo. II. 7" — 8°

l, OBd OU

Cruise.

C haring Crofc

a movement.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourn* ed Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, was re-committed.

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve iiself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of ’Thames, from the City of West-mi nfier to the opposite Shore in the County of to

purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more fafeand commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Crols to the Two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and

minster Bridge.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that the Proprietors of the Water-works shall lay down new Pipe* in lieu of those to be taken away.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for compounding with the Owners of Hoys, and other Vessels, passing under the said Bridge.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for obliging the Owners of Hoys, and other Vessels, to paint their Names and Places of Abode upon such Hoys or Vessels.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Egleton

Licloiure.

Supply.

I-ondon

Briig-.

Sabbati, 8°;

Anno 290 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1756. Prayers.

THE Lord Gurnfey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing the common Fields of Egleton, alias Edgstoit, in the County of Rutland, wa3 committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-one thousand Four hundred Forty-seven Pounds Two Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of 8/105 Foot, with the General Officers, Train of Artillery, and Hospital, the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the nth Day of May 1756 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The I louse, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, was re-committed. And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Vol. 27.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the City of Wefi-tninfler to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and Westminster Bridge;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to enable a less Number of the said Commissioners to execute the Powers vested in them by several Acts of Parliament for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, than the Number made requisite by the said several Acts.

Ordered, That the State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from 19th November 1740 to 18th November 1741, both inclusive, which was

presented to the House upon the 17th Day of December 1741, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Wstminster Bridge, from November a1 ft

1744, to October8th 1745, both inclusive, which was presented to the House upon the Sixth Day of November

1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Petition of fames and George King, referred to the said Committee; and had heard Evidence, and examined a Witness in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monaay Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Charlflg

Cioi*

Iuiprove «tf*

6oo

Charing Cross,

Improvement.

Mutidy’s

Eflatts.

Wa oping Church, &c<

Militia

Law*.

i o° Mail.

A. 1756.

Luiue^ 10° die

Anno 29* Georgii IP" Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

" of:" " of:"

MR. Charlton, according to Order, reported from " of:" the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge " of:" cross the River of Thames, from the City of to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more tafe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and

L. 13. After "of," to insert "alike Estate

L. 19. After "of," to insert "alike Estate

L. 25. After " of," to insert " a like Estate

L. 33. After "of," to insert "alike Estate

Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and bridge,\Yscs committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fc-verally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of tire settled Estate of Wrightson Mundy Esquire, in the County of Leicester, for discharging Incumbrances

affecting the fame, and also his unsettled Estate in the County of Derby, and for settling the Derby flare Estate, so disincumbered, to the Uses therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Cocke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church, and enlarging the Church-yard, of Saint John of Wayping, in the County of Middlesex, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the several Freeholders, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the said Parish, referred to the said Committee; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, except One of them, which was disagreed to, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Britain called England, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposedto be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 17. To leave out "Divisionst"

Pr. 2. L. 35. After "of," to insert "alike Estate

Pr. 9. L. 13. After Majesty’s," to insert "other:"

L. 26 After Majesty’s," to insert "other:"

L. 32. After Majesty’s," to insert "said:"

L. 35. After Majesty’s," to insert "said:"

Pr. it. L. 13. To leave out "Eighty," and insert " Forty :"

Pr. 20. L. 24. To leave out " alto," and insert "always:"

Pr. 23. L. 3. To leave out "and," and insert "together with:"

Pr. 30. L. 4. After " Chapelwardcns," to insert " One of them :"

Pr. 35. L. 27. To leave out "his," and insert "the " Time he shall be," and leave out "the said," and insert "such:"

Pr. 38. L. 8. After Majesty’s," to insert "other:"

L. 29. After Majesty’s," to insert "other:"

Pr. 49. L. 39. After "Lieutenants," to insert "may " and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for Sale of the Estate of James Lord Craujloia ,in the Crar.iWi County of Northumberland, settled on Irs Marriage for the Benefit of Sophia Lady Cr an ft cun, and their Issue, for raising Money to ditbharge the Incumbrances affecting the fame; and all!) towards disincumbering his Estate in Scotland, settled also for the Benefit oi the said Lady Cranfloun, and the Issue of that Marriage; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gy'ubon, Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Onslow, Sir John Crosse, Mr. VytierMr. Grenville, Mr.

Wilkin fan, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Mr. Crowle, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sir

Erfkinc, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mr.

Hard vise, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Fel/o, Mr. Moore, Mr.

John Pitt, Sir John Turner, Mr. Nor they, Mr.

Mr. Tucker, Mr. Anson, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. West, Mr.

Bowes, Mr.'Nugent, Mr. Alderman Mr. Gore,

Mr. Brudenell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Selwyn, Mr . Probyn, Mr. Lifter, Sir

Moreton, Mr. Buller, Sir John WMr. brand, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. , Sir

John Armitnge, Mr. Waller, Mr. Prowse, Mr. blare-, and all the Members who serve for the County of Northumberland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet

' J

this Afternoon at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s. Chamber.

u

of:"

" of:" Pr. 3. Of:"

L. 41. After "of," to insert " a like Estate L. 7. After " of," to insert " a like Estate

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve irself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now’ read.

And the said Order of the Day was read according)v.

The House was informed, That the Account of Monies remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Authority of Parliament, which was presented to the House upon Fridaylaft, and then ordered to lie upon the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, was missing.

Ordered,

and Meat'

ip Geo. II.

i o° — 110 'Maii.

6b i

Planting

Waste

Lands.

Ordered, That another such Account be laid before the House.

Mr.PVeji accordingly presented to the House, pursuant to their Order* an Account of Monies remaining in his Majesty’s Exchequer, disposable by Parliament.

And the Tide of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Bill for inclosing, with the mutual Consent of the Lords and Commoners, a certain Part of any common-able Wood, Waste, or Pasture, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall unlawfully destroy or deface any Trees growing in any commonable Waite, Wcod, or Pasture; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hardin*e9 Mr. Sandys, Mr. Onslow, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Oftzvald, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Anjou, Mr. Feliowes, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Fenny, Mr. Hobart, Sir IVm. Calvert, Mr. Bacon, Mr. OIndus, Mr. West, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Alderman Dickinson, Mr. Gajhry, Sir John Turner, Sir John Crop, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Hewett, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ridley, Sir Francis- Poole, Mr. Moore, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Bond, Mr. Waller, Mr. Walter, Mr. Vyner, Sir John Armytage, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Powney, Mr. Harris, Mr. Pozvell, Mr. Craftier, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Di^by, Mr. Lafcdtes, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Amcotis, Mr. Trifl, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Phillipfton, Mr. Fuller, Sir Lionel Piikington: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Qualifying Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

for Offices, whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Surrender . Resolved, That this House jvill, Tomorrow Morning, of Leases of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon V Infants, j]ie Bill to authorize the Surrender of Leases on the Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, and Femes Covert, in order for the better Renewal of such Leases.

Martis, 11* Maii;

Anno 29* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1756.

And then the House adjourned till To-mom>w Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. *7.

Prayers.

SIR Walter B/acket reported from the Committee, to Delay*!’# whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Eflam.

An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estates of Francis Blake Delaval Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Money to pay off and discharge several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bili, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 28. L. 23, 24. Leave out " or on any of the " Houses, Buildings, Collieries, Coal-works, Saltpans:"

Pr. 28. L. 26. After " enjoyed," insert "other than " and except that the said Francis Blake Delaval may " open and work any Mines that shall be found on the " Premises," and, in the same Line, leave out " in " the"

L. 27. Leave out " said Settlement," and insert " therein."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingossed Bill for inclosing and dividing the com- E^lcton mon Eields of Egleton, alias Edgston in the County of Inclosure.

Rutland, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be.

An Act for dividing the common Fields of Egleton, alias Edgston, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and de-fire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for encouraging the Fisheries in that Scotch Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third Fitherv. time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 11. To leave out "May," and insert " June:"

L. 28. To leave out " May," and insert

" June:",

Pr. 6. L. 32. To leave out " May," and insert " June:"

Pr. 9. L. 21. To leave out " May," and insert

" June

Pr. 10. L. 16. To leave out "May," and insert " June."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging the Fisheriesin that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. OJtvalddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to improve, widen, and enlarge, the London Passage over and through London Bridge, was read the Bruise. Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

7 O Pr. 33.

602 ii* Mail. . 1756.

Pr. 33. L. 23. After "Craft," to insert " as also the Tonnage thereof."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

And a Motion being made. That the Bill do pass;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

W*y» Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the and Mean*. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Eighty-three thousand Four hundred and Twelve Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence Halfpenny, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, dipofable by Parliament, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two hundred Fifty-five thousand Nine hundred Fifty-five Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence Half-penny, remaining in the Receipt of his M.i-jesty’s Exchequer, of the Income of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ended the Fifth Day of April 1756, b« issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One million Three hundred thousand Pounds out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better le-curing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, to be computed from the 24th Day of June 1733, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament 5 and which, by an Act made in the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration of the said last mentioned Term, far the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 24th Day of June 1756; be further continued for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The Three first Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the said Resolution be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the Three first Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr.

Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

gent, Mr. IVyne^liam Obrien, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Solicitor General, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary Fox acquainted the House, That he had Treaty vi* a Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by his Majesty; and had received his Majesty’s Command to lay before this House, Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the King of Prussia, signed at Westminster, the 16th of January 1756; and,

Translation: And also.

Copy of a Secret and Separate Article belonging to the Treaty between his Majesty and the King of , signed at Westminster, the 16th of January 1756; and,

Translation: And also.

Copy of a Declaration signed by the Plenipotentiaries of his Majesty and the King of Pru, at the the 16th of January 1756; and,

Translation.

Arid Mr. Secretary Fox presented the said Message, and also the said Copies and Translations, together with a List of the said Copies and Translations to the House.

And the said Message was read by Mr. Speaker, all the Members of the House being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being desirous to be prepared against all Attempts and Designs whatsoever, that may be formed by his Enemies in the present critical conjuncture; and considering that sudden Emergencies may arise, which may be of the utmost Importance, and be attended with the most pernicious Consequences, if proper Means should not be immediately applied to prevent or defeat them; his Majesty hopes that he shall be enabled, by his faithful Commons, to concert and take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoinc or defeat any Enterprises or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require. '

His Majesty having concluded a Treaty with the King of Prussia, has ordered the fame, together with a Declaration, signed at the same time, to be laid before this House, that he may be enabled to make good the gagements he has thereby entered into.

C. R.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That his Majesty’s said most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Then the said Lift was read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are -as followeth; viz.

Translation of a Treaty between his Majesty and the King of PrvJJta, signed at Westminster, the 16th of January 1756.

Whereas the Disputes which have arisen in between the King of Great Britain and the most Christian King, the Consequences whereof become more and more critical, give Hoorn to Apprehension for the public Tranquillity of Europe, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, Elector of Brunswick, Lunenburgh, &c.

and his Majesty the King of Priijia, Elector of Brandenburg, &c. being attentive to so interesting an Object, and equally desirous of preserving the general Peace of,

2qGeo. IL i i° Mail. 603

and that of Germany in particular, have been pleased to concert together the Measureswhich maymost effectually contribute to so desirable an lind; and, for that Purpose, they have authorized their respective Plenipotentiary Ministers: viz. In the Name and on the Part of his Dri-tannic Majesty, his Privy Counsellors Earl of

wicke, his Chancellor of Great Britain, John Earl Granville, President of his Council, Thomas Holies Duke of

Newcajt/e, First Commissioner of his Treat'ury, Robert Earl of Holdernejje, one of his principal Secretaries of

State, and Henry Fox, Esquire, another of his principal Secretaries of State; and in the Name, and on the Part, of his PruJJan Majesty, the Sieur Lewis his Mi-

nifter, charged with his Affairs at the Court of his Britannic Majesty; which, after having reciprocally communicated to each other their full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Art. 1.

There shall be between the said most Serene Kings a sincere Peace and a reciprocal Fiiendship, notwithstanding any Disturbances which may arise in Europe in consequence of the above-mentioned Disputes; in pursuance whereof, neither of the Contracting Parties shall attack or invade, directly or indirectly, the Territory of the other, but, on the contrary, they will on each Side use all their Endeavours to prevent their respective Allies from undertaking any thing against the said Territory, in any manner whatever.

Art. a.

In case that, contrary to Expcdation, and in Violation of the Tranquillity which the High Contracting Parties mean to maintain by this Treaty in any

foreign Power should caul'e Troops to march into the said Germany, under any Pretence whatever, the said High Contracting Parties shall unite their Forces, in order to oppose the Entrance or Passage of such foreign Troops, and such Violation of the Peace, and to preserve the Tranquillity in Germany, according to the Object of the prefen t Treaty.

Art. 3.

The High Contracting Parties do expressly renew all the Treaties of Alliance and Guaranty which actually fub-fist between them; and namely, the Treaty of defensive Alliance, and of reciprocal Guaranty, concluded at minster, between their Britannic and Prussian Majesties, the 18th of November 1742; the Convention made be-, tween their said Majesties at Hanover, the 26th of gust 1745; and his Prussian Majesty’s Ad of Acceptation of that of his Britannic Majesty’s Guaranty of the 13th of October 1746.

Art. 4.

The present Treaty shall be ratified by his Majesty the King of Great Britain and by his Majesty the King of Prussia-, and the Letters of Ratification, in due Form, shall be delivered on each Side within the Space of One Month, or sooner, if possible, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty.

In Witness whereof; we the Under-written, being furnished with the full Powers of their Majesties the Kings of Great Britain and of Prussia, have, in their Names signed the present Treaty, and have put the Seals of our Arms thereto.

Done at Westminster, the Sixteenth Day of January in the Year of our Lord 1756.

(L. S.) Hardwicke, C.

(L. S.) Granville, P.

(L. S.) Holies Newcastle.

(L. S.) Holdernesse.

(L. S.) H. Fox.

Translation of a Secret and Separate Article belonging to the Treaty between his Majesty and the King of

PruJJa, signed at Westminster, the 16 th of January

1756*

Whereas the Convention of Neutrality signed this Day by the Ministers of his Majesty the King of Great Britain and of his Majesty the King of PruJJa, furnished VOL. 27.

with the necessary full Powers for that Purpose, relates TrpartJffia",tIx only to Germany, it is not to be extended to the ru ja‘

Netherlands, and the Dependencies thereof, which are not to be understood as being comprehended in the present Convention of Neutrality, under any Pretence whatsoever; and the rather, as his Majesty the King of PruJJa has, by the Eighth Article of the Treaty of Peace of Dresden, guarantied to her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia such Dominions only as Ihe is possessed of in Germany.

This Secret and Separate Article shall have the same Force as if it was inferred Word for Word in the present Convention of Neutrality signed this Day, and the Rati-fications thereof shall be exchanged at the same time as those of the said Convention.

In Witness whereof, we the Under-written, being furnished with full Powers from their Majesties the Kings of Great Britain and of PruJJa, have, in their Names, signed the present Secret and Separate Article, and have put the Seals of our Arms thereto.

Done at Westminster, the Sixteenth Day of January

in the Year of our Lord 1756.

(L. S.) Hardwicke, C.

(L. S.) Granville, P.

(L. S.) Holies Newcastle.

(L. S.) HolderneJ'e.

(L. S.) H. Fox.

Translation of a Declaration signed by the Plenipotentiary Ministers of his Majesty and the King of PruJJa, the 16th of January 1756.

In order to put an End to the Disputes which may have arisen between their PruJJanand Britannic Majesties,

it is declared, That, upon his PruJJan Majesty’s taking off the Attachment put upon the Sileja Debt, and causing to be paid to his Britannic Majesty’s Subjects w'hat remains due to them thereon, according to the original Contract, as well Interest as Principal, his Britannic Majesty does promise and engage, on his Part, to cause to be paid to his Prussian Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling, for extinguilliing all and every Claim from his said Majesty, or his Subjects, upon his Britannic Majesty, under any Pretence whatever.

Done at Westminster, the Sixteenth Day of January, in the Year of our Lord 1736.

(L. S.) Louis Michell.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Translations be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Syrentfcr to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of upon the Bill to authorize the Surrender of Leases on the &c. Behalf of Infants, Lunatics, and Femes Covert, in order for the better Renewal of such Leases;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a fele& Committee.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Tucker, Mr.

Pitt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Townjoend, Mr.

Mr. Walter, Mr, John Torke, Mr. More, Mr. Bond,

Mr. Moore, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Fone-

reau, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Onjow, Mr.

Sir Henry Erskine, Lord Fane, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Mr.

Evelyn, Mr. Vernon-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five oi the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned tiil Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,

12° Mail.

A. 1756.

Delava]*

£ Rates.

Planting

Waste

Lands.

Leman*! Jt Rates,

Mercurii, 1 2° Martii;

Anno 290 Georgii Ildl Regis, 1756.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estates of Francis Blake Dela-val Esquire, in Trustees, for railing Money to pay off and discharge several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, da

pats.

Ordered, That Sir Waller B do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing, with the mutual Consent of the Lords and Commoners, a certain Part of any commonable Wood, Wade, or Pallure, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall unlawfully destroy or deface any Trees growing in any commonable Wade, Wood, or Pallure; was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And aClause being offered to be added to the Bill, in relation to the making of Satisfaction for Damages done by destroying Trees;

The House was moved, That the First Section of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to encourage the planting of Timber Trees, Fruit Trees, and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter, or Profit, and for the better Preservation of the fame, and for the preventing the burning of Woods, might be read;

And the same was read accordingly;

The House was also moved, That the First Section of an Act, made in the Sixth Year of his laid late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the First Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the planting of Timber Trees, Fruit Trees, and other Trees, for Ornament, Shelter, or Profit, and for the better Preservation of the fame, and for the preventing the burning of Woods; and for the better Pre-iervation of the Fences of such Woods; might be read: And the same was read accordingly:

The House was also moved, That the Seventh Section of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual punishing of wicked and evil disposed Persons going armed in Disguise, and doing Injuries and Violences to the Persons and Properties of his Majesty’s Subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the Offenders to Justice, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

Then the said Clause was brought up; and, being twice read, with a Blank, the said Clause was amended.

Then the Blank in the said Clause was filled up.

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

J7

for confirming a Partition between John Leman Esquire’, and Elizabeth Neivnham and John Esquire, of several Estates in the City of London and Counties of Middlesex and Huntingdon', and for veiling and settling the entire Premises, which, on such Partition, were allotted to the said John Leman, and Elizabeth and

John Newnham, respectively, to the Uses therein mentioned: was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Gore do carry the Bill the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners for Charing building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from the Gross City of Westminster to the orpofite Shore in the County trro'>cments» of Surrey, to purchase House: and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make ntoie sale and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Railages, le..ding from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and Westminster Bridge, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Than: , (ion: the City of Wef in infer to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen tlicWays, and make more life and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, WestminsterHall, and the Courts of Justice there, and Westminster Bridge-, and to enable a less Number of Commissioners to execute the several Acts relating to the said Bridge, than at present are required by Law; and for R*;ief of George and James King, with regard to a Lease taken by their late Father from the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That Sir John Crosse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill; der, a Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; ua and applying certain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1756: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossecj Bill for explaining, amending, and ren- Westminster dering more effectual, an Act, made in the 22ft Year of

# O 0 rn

his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a tree Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the forcilalling and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under' the Dimensionsmentioned in aClause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the 22J Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the foreflahing and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Salt of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Yearot his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook.

Ordered, That Colonel Haldane do carry’ the Bill tc the Lords, and desire {heir Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Par:fh Church, and Wap?*"? enlarging the Church-yard, of Saint John of lVapping% in the County of M'dd/efex, was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question bein^ put,

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TelknforUKY?£"* } uS.

Telleri

29 Geo. II. . i 20j — 13* M605

T , r , v . J Sir John Gordon,7 " missioners of his Majesty’s Treasury, by the Com -

e ers r e ’{Mr . Geo. Colebrooke.y . " missioners for. managing the annexed Estates in Scoi-So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the " — 1755.*’

’Title be, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church, and And then he withdrew,

enlarging the Church-yard, of Saint John of Wapping, in And the Title of the said Paper was read,

the County of Middlesex. , That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the be perused by the Members of the House.

Lords, and deli re their Concurrence. The said Paper is prefeTVed amongst the other Papers of

this Session.

Supply.

W;iyt Sind Means.

Onnlifyi*g for Offices, *c.

York

Buildings.

DelavaPa

ElUtCa.

Scofch

forfeited

Inflates#

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Cl.air.

Mr. Clarlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tp-morrow Morning.

Mr. Chariton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move,'1 hat they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow-Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 die Mali;

Anno 29* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1756.

P kA Y E R S.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and

Mr . Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in York Buildings, in the Parish of St. Martin in the

in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, sufficient to answer the Expence of rebuilding or repairing of the Terrace Walk and Water Gate, and such other Part of the Premises adjoining to the River Thames, and belonging to the said Buildings, as shall be judged necessary; and for keeping the same in Repair for the future; without any Amendment: And al<b,

The l.ords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Estates of Francis. Blake Delaval Esquire, in Truf-.tees, for raising Money to pay off and discharge several Debts and Incumbrances ;and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Mefllngers withdrew.

The II ouse being informed, Thai Mr. Rowe, from the Treasury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Ilyufe, pursuant to the Dirtftion of an Act of Parliament, a Paper, iiuiluled, "Report to the Lords Com-

VwL- ZT ..» . \

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually discouraging and preventing the dealing, and the buying and receiving, of stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brals, Bpll Metal, and Solder, ‘fixed tq, or lying or being in or upon, any House;, Outhouses, or Buildings, Yards or Gardens, thereto belonging, or froni any Ship,. Barge, Lighter, Boat, or other^ Vessel or Craft, upon any navigable River, Or in aAy Port df Eh try or Discharge, or in any Creek belonging thereto, or froiii off any Wharf or Quay adjacent, was committed, That the Committee had gOno through the Bill, and made feverar Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table. , .:

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was transmitted. ‘

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor 6f Norlhall, and divers Lands and Hereditaments, 10 the County of Middlesex, settled on the Marriage of Sir Hutchins Williams Baronet, and de-vised by the Will of William Pee his Father,

respectively, in Trustees, in order to be conveyed t'o Agatha Child, Widow, and her Heirs, pursuant to Articles of Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money, arising by Sale of the Estate devised by the said Will, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the Uses of that Will; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; ‘was read the Third time. ' r

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Recorder of London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House Rath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Tucker reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to authorize the Surrender of Leases on the behalf of Infants, Lunatics, and Femes Covert, in order for the better Renewal of such Leases, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing, with the mutual Con-Tent of the Lords and Commoners, a certain Part of any commonable Wood, Watte, or Pasture, for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall unlawfully destroy or deface any Trees growing in any commonable Watte, Wood, or Pasture; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

i, Pr. jio. L, 8. To leave out " Persons, Bodies," and iofert Body

..; L. *. To leave out " him, her," and insert

" such Person," and to leave out " them," and insert " Body Politic or Corporate."

,. . 7 ? A nd

Stealing of Lead.

Wiliam*

Surrender of

Leases of Infants^, &c.

Planting

Wade

Lands.

Supply.

Tmtf with Pmflia.

6c6

i j° — 14

A. 1759.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lord and Tenants, Part of any Common, for the Purpose of planting and preferring Trees fit for Timber or Underwood, and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. 1

ney, therein to be mentioned! out oftVcSinking Fund; and applying certain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1756; was read aSccond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sunp’y Bill;

Si’'ktt)cr

Fund.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from tfye Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him tp report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, tp enable his Majesty to concert and take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprises or Pesigns of his Enemies, and a§ the Exigency of Affairs may require.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Secretary Fox acquainted the House, That in the Copy, and alii) in the Translation, of the Declaration signed by the Plenipotentiaries of his Majesty and the King ot Ptujjia, at Westminster, the 16th of January 1756, ' which were presented to the House upon last, the

Signature only of the King of Prufftas Mrnifter being contained, he had received his Majesty’s Command to lay before the House, Copy of a Declaration signed by the Plenipotentiaries of his Majesty and the King of Prussia, at Westminster, the 16th o( January 1756; and.

Translation, containing the Signatures of his Majesty’s Plenipotentiaries.

And Mr. Secretary Fox presented the same to the House accordingly.

And the Titles of the laity Copy and Translation were read.

The said Copy is. preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said' Translation is as. fdlow-eth; viz.

Sir Robert Ladbrokt reported from the Cocnmittee, to Blackfriw whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River irdi>e-! Thames, from Black Fryars, in the City of London, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were difegreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 140 die;

Anno 29® Georgii IP1 Regis, 2756. Pa A v IKS.

AN ingrafted Bill to authorize the Surrender of Leases on the behalf of Infants, Lunatics, and Femes Covert, in order for the better Renewal of such Leases, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Infants, Lunatics, and Femes Covert, to surrender Leases, in order to renew the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and: desire their Concurrence.

Surrender of Leases of Infanu, *c.

ic.

"-1

Wits

Translation of a Declaration signed- by the Plenipotentiaries of his Majesty and the King of Prussia, at Wefimhjber, the 16th of January 1756.

In order to put an End to the Disputes which may have arilen between their Britannic and Prussian Majesties, it is declared, That, upon his Majesty’s taking

off the Attachment put upon the Debt, and cauf-ing to be paid to his Britannic Majesty’s Subjects what remains due to them thereon, according to the original Gontrad, as well Interest as Principal, his Majesty does promise and engage, on his Part, to cause to be paid to his Prussian Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling, for extinguishing all and every Claim from his said Majesty, or his Subjects, upon.his Britannic Majesty, under any Pretence whatever.

Done at Westminster, the 16th Day of in the

Year of our Lord 1756.

(L. S.) Hardivicke, C.

(L. S.) Granville, P.

(L. S.) Holies Newcastle.

(L. S.) Holdernesse.

(L.S .)H.Fox.

An ingrafted Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of was read the Third time. .

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 35, 36. To leave out ‘'Be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That:’*

Pr. 8.L. 10, 11. To leave out "as well against the " King’s Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as:"

L. 12. To leave out "other:"

19. After " levied," to insert " or fuf-

Blaclcfriira

Bridge.

Pr. 12. fere d:" Pr. 18.

L.

Pr. 32.

L.

L.

L.

Ordered, That the said Copy and Translation be referred 0 rite Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

2. To fill the Blank with " Twelve 4. To fill the Blank with " Twelver" 20. After "the," to insert "laid."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed ro by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved,. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge crols the River Thames, from Black Friars, in the City of , to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Ladbroke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir fbhn Crop, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to in-A Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Mo- demnify Persons who lave omitted to qualify themselves 04 to

Qiisfifrlnj for Office See.

29 Geo. II.

14° Matt.

2«l; ’-r, f" !!a«.

ora-

iOie

ver

to

iin-

ad

tit

d

in

f.c

id.

Gd

ur

fl

)Y

1C

IArerica; G^erning Ship*, fee.; by Sea.

I?

£ Sheffield,

L fee.

Court of Confeieace.

ft

for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments Were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A C ause was offered to be added to the Bill, for filing of Affidavits relating to Contrails of Clerks and Apprentices.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for extending the Act of the Twenty-second Year of Ins present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending the Act of the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as lhatl serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America.

Ordered, That Mr. Clevland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deft re their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Colnsideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Eccle~ Jail, in the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follower h; viz.

Pr. 40. L. 38. After '* Courts Baron," insert " who, " at* the time of such Appointment, shall be of the Defree of an outer Barrister at Law, of Three Years " handing at the Bar at least: "

Pr. 43. L. ii.After " void," insert Clause A.

(A) " Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the present Stewards of the said respective Courts Baron, and their Deputy or Depnties, within Six Months next after the said Twenty-c< fourth Day of June One thousand Seven hundred and " Fifty-six, and all and every succeeding Steward and " Stewards of the said Courts Baron, and their respective Deputy and Deputies, within Six Months next " after his or their Appointment, shall, at a General " Quarter Session of the Peace for the West Riding of " the County of York, take and subscribe the Oaths appointed to be taken in and by an Act of Parliament, " made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the " further Security of his Majesty’s Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs " of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants, and for. " extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of M Wales, and his open and secret Abettors, in such

" Manner and Form as in and by the said Act is directed; and shall also, within the Times aforesaid " respectively, receive the Sacrament of the Lord’s " Supper, according to the Usage of the Church of -land, and make and subscribe the Declaration a gain (I " Transubliiniiaiion, according to an Act of Parlia-VoL. £7.

ment, made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of " King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Re~

" cufants; and, in Default of taking the said Oaths, or " of receiving the Sacrament, or of making and subscribing the said Declaration, in the Manner *nd within " the Times aforesaid, respectively, every such Steward " and Deputy, so offending, shall incur such Penalties,

" Forfeitures, and D Liabilities, as by the said several " Acts are respectively ehafted and inflicted."

The First of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last of the said Amendments was read a Second time, and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Thhrd time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to w»ys resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to "d Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read. '

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rd'umed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chailton also acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 18 th and 21st Days of April officers of 1732, of an Address of this House to his Majesty, That Courts of his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Direc- Justice. tions, That a Survey be taken of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministere of the Courts of Justice in this Kingdom; and that an Inquiry be made into their Fees, in order to reform the lame, as to such as have been imposed upon the Subject, contrary to Right, and to establish what are reasonable and legal, in such manner as his Majesty, in his great Wisdom, shall think fit; and of his Majesty’s Answer thereto. That his Majesty would give Directions, as defited by the Addrefc 5 might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Orders, That there be laid before this House, in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of all the Proceedings which have been had in pursuance of the Directions io given by Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That JheyP had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him

to

Answer to Address; Fees, See.

Ways and Means.

60$

00c

14 — *5 — 17

Mail.

% 175

5.

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-moriow Morhing.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatiy 150 Mail;

Anno 29° Georgii lldt Regis, 1756.

Prayers. rjry H E House met.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuanf to the !act of tl ie said Resolutions: And that .\lr. Bacon and Mr. Charlton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the last mentioned Bill, That they do make Provision, in (he said Bill, to indemnify Cctr.missioners of the Land Tax, who have acted as Inch in Counties and Ridings at large, by virtue of Leasehold Estates, for Terms of Years.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, to obviate a Doubt which has arisen, relating to the Qualification of Commissioners of the Land Tax within the City and Liberty of Westminster,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Charlton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty’s Engagements with the King of Prussia.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was.

Supply.

Luncs, 17° dieMaii;

Anno 29* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

THE Lord Hobart reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last, in relation to the Fees

of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers of the Courts of ____ __________

Justice in this Kingdom, had been presented to his upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to House.

acquaint this House, That he will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Charlton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One million be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, County of settled-on his Marriage for

That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his. the Benefit of Sophia Lady and their lfiuey for

present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing railing Money to discharge the Incumbrances act’efting and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies the fame; and also towards disincumbering his Estate in in America, which was to continue in Force for Five Years, , settled also for the Benefit of the said Lady

to be computed from the Twenty-fourth Day of June and the Issue of that Marriage; was commit-

1733, ar*d to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- ted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations ment; and which by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Bill, and found, the same to be true; and that of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, the Parties concerned had given their Content to the from the Expiration thereof, for the further Term of Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the

Qjalifvine> /r Offers,

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, Was committed, be now resumed.

The House accordingly resumed the further Consideration of the said Report.

And several Amertdments were made by the House to the Bill. ..

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John Gordon reported from the Committee, to L0rj whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An CranUmu’j Act for Sale of the Estate of James Loid in the

Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration of the said last mentioned Term, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign

Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered th*

Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Bill for reviving and continuing an Act for the Re- imrnUmmt lief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their of Debton. Persons; and for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, ro continue several Laws relating

*‘Ti

was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle

the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1756; be further continued for the further Term of Three Years.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the Fuft of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. No-

rn this Kingdom; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gore, Mr. West, Col. Haldane, Mr. Cooke, Mr. O Mr. Mr.

Cope, Mr. Hewett, Mr. OfzvalMr. Sir John

Crojfe, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ly/ler, Mr.

Campbell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Calvert, Sir Francis. Poole, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Mr.

g'

/cut, Mr. H'ytdham Obrien, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Egerton, Mr. , Mr. More, Mr. Mr.

Vtlicitor General, and Mr. Hardmge, do prepare, and kirifon, Mr. Bond, Mr. Mr. Hume, Mr.

%ing in, ftje lame.

ap Geo. II.

17° — -189 Mail.

609

Supply Bill, Sinking fund.

Grosvenor, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Mr. Erijl, Mri

Crejwell, Mr. Powell, Mr. , Mr. Lord

Geo. Manners, Lord PulteneyMr, Mr. £/-

//; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Kobe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made. That the House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer; for the Service of the Year 1756.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit, with rel'pect to that Part of the said Bill, which

Mr. Bacon prefen ted to the Iloule, according to Ore

r, a Bill for further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year.

to inf

Surar

der.

of the Reign of his p re lent Majesty, for securing arid cn -/ couraging the Trade of his Majuiy’s Sugar Colonies-iiT Colonies* America; to indemnify Com mi (tinners oi the Land Tax for Counties at large, and Ridings, who have acted by virtue of Leasehold Estates; and to obviate a Doubt relating to the Qualification of Commissioners oft he-: Land Tax for the City and Liberty aiWcjhninfler 1 And-the same was received; and read the First; time..;

Refolded, That the Eill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill;

Committee of the w hole House; to whom, the Bill.for Sinking

granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Monty, therein Func, to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund; and apply-, ing certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the

relates to t he Disposition of the growing Produce of the Service of the Year 1756; was committed, the Amend-' Sinking Fund ments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and

Rejoined, That this House will, immediately, resolve itfell into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Commit ice.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Biii, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wili please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Repoit be received Tomorrow Morning.

Stenli :lg of Lend, &c.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more efteeftually discouraging and prevention the stealing, and the buying anti receiving, oi iloien Lead, Iron, Copper, Brats, Bell Metal, anc! Solder, fixed to, or lying or being in or upon, any House, Outhouses, or Buildings, Yards or Gardens, thereto belonging, or from any Ship, Barge, Lighter, Boat, or other YYif- or Craft, upon any navigable River, or in any Port of Entry or

which they had directed him to report to the I kufc; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards dehveied the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Win re the Amendments were once read throuqiKait; ami' then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That llie Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ,.t

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inibuled, An Act Thomh.-uish's to enable John 7 hum Stanch Liquire, row called John Name. Helvetia and Ins Deiccmhnts, to take and life the Surname ot Flezveit, purl uii;U to the Will of §17 Thomas Hrivett Knight, dcceaied, was read the Third time. -

Rcfc/vcd, That the Biii do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Chur lien do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, 'lhat this Hwuie.hath agreed to the tame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord

for Sale of the Estate of James Lord Cranjioun, in the Cranftoun’t County of Northumberland^ settled'on his Marriage for the Benefit of Scpkia Lady Cranjioun, and their Issue, for

£flate»'<

Ditch lrge, or in anf* Creek belonging thereto, or from railing Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting

il? ___ \ \ 1 i f \ 1 _ ! . x .1 f I 1 A I n A O M Al n IL\ f Aitfo A /d 4« L L a Lr 4 a

U*

Wayi 2id Means.

off any W hart or Quay adjacent, was re-committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed t > by the liouie.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refdved, That this I Jonh will, upon Wednesday Morn irg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conliclcr further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Qualifyiftj for OfiHcta, &c.

\ * Ittpply Bill Exchequer Bills.

Marlis, 1 S° die Mail',

Anno 29° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

; A TR. Charlton presented to the House, according to JLVjL Order, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to rai(e a certain Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. 27.

the lame; and ailb towards disincumbering his Eftato

in Scotland, settled also for the Benefit of the said Lady

Cranjioun, and the Iftbc of that Marriage; was read the

Third time. - ....

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. ' ';

Ordered, That Sir John Gordon do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have Omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third time. ' ’

The Amendment following was preposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 18. To le we out " and, " arid insert " or." And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. ' ’ ' 1 ‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Perlbhs who have omitted to qualify themselves, according to the Direcftions ot several Acts of Parliament, within the Times limited by such Afils respectively, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and concerning the Admissions of Officers and Members of Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns; and the filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clc rkship.

Ordered, That Sir John Crojje do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually discouraging and . stea|ing preventing the stealing, and the buying and receiving, of of Lead, stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell Metal, and Solder, *c-fixed to, or lying or being in or upon, any House,

7 Q Out-

6 io 18" — 19° — 20° A- 1756.

Outhouses, or Buildings, Yards or Gardens, thereto belonging, or from any Ship, Barge, Lighter, Boat, or other Vessel or Craft, upon any navigable River, or in any Port of Entry or Dischatge, or in any Creek belonging thereto, or from off any Wharf or Quay adjacent, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 37. To leave out " his or:"

Pr. 9. L. 24. After " or they," to insert " so discovering:"

L. 37. To leave out " July? and insert " Oc-

" tober."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the Healing, and the buying and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell Metal, and Solder; and for more effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice.

Ordered, That Sir James Creed do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ZtcogngeaeDt Ordered, Nemine contract, That Leave be given to

of Seamea. bring jn a i for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Fleet.

The Lord Pudency, accordingly, presented the said Bill to the House: And the same was received; and read the Krft time.

(fp Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

SIwfieM,

4tC. Court of Oonlciebca.

Mercuriiy 19® Maii;

Anno 29* Georgii II" Regis, 1756. 'Prate*.

SlRDERED, That Mr. Henry Finch do carry to the Lords the Bill for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclesall, in the County of York, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Supply Bill; A Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum ^*Riii<, Uer Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, ‘ was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bin*, A Bill for further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year Trade of the Reign of his present Majesty, for securing and en-J*- couraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in Colomei. America; to indemnify Commissioners of the Land Tax for Counties at large, and Ridings, who have acted by virtue of Leasehold Estates; and to obviate a Doubt relating to the Qualification of Commissioners of the Land Tax for the City and Liberty of Westminster; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed toa Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr, 'Mountain .*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge crols the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the of-

pofite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Way's, and make more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the Courts of Justice there, and Westminster Bridge; and to enable a leis Number

of Commissioners to execute the several Acts relating to the said Bridge, than at present are required by Law; and for Relief of George and James King, with regard to a Lease taken by their late Father from the said Commissioners; without any Amendment: Arid also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Paffhge over and through London Bridge, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing^the common Fields of Egleton, alias Edgeton, in the County of Rutland, without any Amendment.

Charing

Orofs

ImprimuicuL

London

Bridge

Scotch

Fiftiery.

Fglrton

Indofute.

If

et

And then the Messengers withdrew’.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Supply Bit; Sums of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sp"^"8 Sinking Fund; and applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1756; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year 1756.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ill

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Navy, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Eneourapfsal

of Seamen.

y

iiiet

Suer

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 20® die Maii;

Anno 29* Georgii II" Regis, 17 5

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving and continuing of Debtor* an Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; is committcJ, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to enable the Justices of the Peace, assembled at lotne General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for each respective County, Riding, and Division, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to appoint, if they think proper, the Day and Place for granting Licences to sell Ale and other Liquors by Retail.

The

&tnnj

tfStaj

29 Geo. II.

20* — 2i* Mail.

Supply Bill; Exchequer bills.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re* That the Report be received Tomorrow

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Morning, the Bill for enabling h is Majesty to raise a certain Sum of

Surrenderof

Lease*

Of in tints, &c.

Piloting

Watte

Linds.

Money for the Uses and Purpol’es therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Iostruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

And then the House adjourned till To-motroW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 21° dieMaii;

Anno 29* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1756*

Prayers.

THE Lord Pulteney, according to Order, reported Enfour»g«n>^ from the Committee of the whole House, to whom 0 eamen‘ the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Navy, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and wh ich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one j

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were to enable Infants, Lunatics, and Femes Covert, to furren- a§r_ . to by_the House.

der Leases, in order to renew the fame, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill’, intituled, An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lord and Tenants, Part of ary Common, for the Purpose of planting and preferring 'frees fit for Timber or Underwood; and

Ordered That ingrossed.

the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, for en- Exchequer abling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the

Bills:

for more effectuaiiy preventing the unlawful Destruction Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the

Westminster Fish Market.

of Trees; without £.ry Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster;

SopIyUl;'

Colonies.

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the and for preventing the forestailing and' monopolizing of Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Di- House.

mentions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of Ord, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in the First Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same grossed. are taken with a Hook; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew. Mr. ,according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill}

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Trade to the

Sugar Colonies*

to whom the

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a farther continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign Trade to the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further of h,s Prest-'nt Majesty, for securing and encouraging the continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America-, to present Majesty, for securing and encouraging the Trade indemnify Commissioners of the Land Tax for Counties at of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to indemnify large« an^ Ridings, who have acted by virtue of Lease-Commissioners of the Land Tax for Counties at large, and hold Estates; and to obviate a Doubt relating to the Ridings, who have acted by virtue of Leasehold Estates; Qualification of Commissioners of the Land Tax for the and to obviate a Doubt relating to the Qualification of City and Liberty of W; was committed, the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the City and Liberty Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; of Westminster.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they

and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments . the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House.

Encouragement

of Sounen.

the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of

Ordered, That the ingrossed.

Bill, with the Amendments, b#

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his for building a Bridge cross the River

BlackfriarV

Bridge.

tj"

t-

Majesty’s Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Pulteney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Pulteney reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Vol. 27.

Friars, in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom the imprisoomeM Bill for reviving and continning an Act for the Relief of o/Debtor*. Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Person$; and for continuing an Act, made in the last Session 15 - of

612 21* — 24'

of Parliament, to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday . Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 40 die Maii;

Anno 29® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756.

Pray ers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holfordand

L\ Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords hare agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sinking for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out fund. of tj)C 5ju^ing Fund; and applying certain Monies remain;ng in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-six; without any Amendment: And also,

Stealing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fLcad. for more effectually difccuragir.g and preventing the Healing, and the buying and receiving, of stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brass, Bell Metal, and Solder; and for more effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice; without any Amendment: And also,

Wapping The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Church, kc. for re-building the Parish Church, and enlarging the Church-yard, of Saint ‘John of Wapping, in the County of Middlesex, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a Exchequer certain Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise One million, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

K*cour.igem«nt An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, of Stsmen. and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Fleet, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 29. L. 5. To leave out " Seamen," and insert

41 Seaman

Pr. lad, L. 12. To leave out "therein."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Fleet.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

*«pply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act of the

Trade to the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for fe-Sugar curing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies. Colonies in America; to indemnify Commissioners of the

1 — a50 Maii. A, iq5

Land Tax for Counties at large, and Ridings, who have acted by virtue of Leasehold Estates; and to obviate a Doubt relating to the Qualification of Commissioners of the Land Tax for the City and Liberty of ff'cjii'wifter$ was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of his prefer.t Majesty, for leaning and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America \ to indemnify Commissioners of the Land Tax for Counties at large, and Ridings, who have acted by virtue of Leasehold Estates,; and to obviate a Doubt relating to the Qualification of Commissioners of the Land Tax for the City and Liberty of Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur!cnee.

An ingrafted Bill for reviving and continuing an Act ^inPr,^®mwl for the Relie f of Debtors, with rdpeft to the imprison- Debtors, ment of their Persons; and for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue levcrai Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; was read the Third . time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pnfs: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving and continuing an Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Aud then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis,2 50 die

Anno 29° Georgii-IP1 Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

MR. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Africa* the several Papers, which have been presented to Trade, the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the African Trade, were referred, That the Committee had examined the said Papers, and had directed him to report a State of such of the Matters therein contained, as are material to be laid before the House, together with the Observations of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the feme, together with an Appendix thereto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

The feid Report and Appendix are as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find, by the Account delivered to Parliament, 22d January 1755, intituled, An Account of the Expences already incurred in rebuilding the Fort at Annamaboe, by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, that, on the 8th of November 1752, Sundries were shipped oil board the New -cester, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of £. 1,450. is.9d.i and that, by an Account delivered to Parliament, 2d April 1756, intituled, An Account of the Receipts and Expenditure of Money in the Erection of a Fort at Annamaboe, being a continued Account since January 1755, Part of the said Ship’s Cargo intended for Annamaboe, was made use of at Cape Coafi Castle, amounting to £.131. 12r. c,d.\ and for which Sum Credit is given in the said Account to the Article for the Erection of the Fort at Annamaboe — Thar, by the said Account of the 22d January 1755, on the 24th October 1753, Sundries were shipped on board the Robert, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of £. 1,037. 1 and that,

by the said Account of the 2d April 1756, Part of the

e

a

if

k

sd

it

it

\rv

d

;k»

F;i

-iii

'6e

;:.

'J *J* .}

V-

-:i:

r

:i

2.9 Geo. II. 25°

said Ship’* Cargo, intended for Annamaboe, was made use of in Manner following; viz.

Ordnance Stores sent to Co to secure the Landing Place, then in Dispute between us and the amounting to £.427. 6r. 3 d.and sundry other Articles were used at the other Forts and Settlements, to the Amount of £. 168. 4J. $d.; for which Sums, amounting together to £.595. ior. Sd. Credit is given in the said Account to the Article for the Erection of the Fort at Annamaboe — That by the said Account on the 22d Ja Huary 1753, on the 16th of January 1754, Sundries were shipped on board the Medway, amounting in the Whole tOjjf. 639. ics. lid.;and that by the said Account of the 2d April 1756, the Cargo sent out by the said Ship,

charged to Annamaboe, was used for the other Forts and

Settlements, except Half a Year’s Salary paid to Henry Olkers, Deputy Engineer at Annamaboe, and included in the said Cargo; ami Credit is given in the said Account for the remaining £.629. 15*. 1 id. to the Article for the Erection of the Fort at Annamaboe — That, by the said Account of the 22d January 1755,on 12th November 1754,

120.000 Bricks were shipped on board the Sptncer Fri-

gate. which, with Freight, amount to 516; and the In-furar.ee upon the said Ship, and the Ship amount

together to£. 2t 14s. Sd; and, by the said Account of the 2d April 1756,20,000 of the said Bricks, designecl for Annamaboe, were used at James , Gambia; the Charge whereof amounts to 88. 17; for which

Sum Credit is given in the said Account for the Erection of the Fort at Annamaboe. Your Committee find, that Credit :s all’> g.vvn in the said Account of the 2d April 17^6, to the Article for the Erection of the Fort at An-

namahoe, in manner following; For Puncheons and

Butis, £.410. 17s. od: For Freight of Elephants Teeth,

£. 6. \~jS.od.: For 2.5,000 Tiler taken out of the New Gloucester,£.27. 10 s.c a.; amounting together to£. 445.

4 S.O d.

And your Committee ordered the Committee of the Company of Meiclic.nts trading to to attend them

with their Books and Papers. And,

Mr. Bij'roe, One of die Committee of the Company of ^Merchants trading to Africa, laid, That, as to the Article of £. 131. 12s.cfd. Part of the Cargo of the New Glou-

cester, it was shipped for the Use of Annamaboe; but, by Letters from Mr. Alelvil, it appears that he made use of it for other Forts; and that the Goods are charged in the Accounts delivered in to Parliament, as thcyare designed by the Committee when they are sent out from hence; but are often applied to the Service and Exigencies of the other Forts by the Governor of Cape Corf. who has the Superir, tendency of all the other Forts, and the Governors of them account to him; and when the Accounts arc received fern the Governor, iYir. A!civil, if it appears that any Goods sent out for one Fort, are applied for the Use of another, they are then charged in the next Account to the Service to which they l ave been applied; and that the above Stun was not deduced out of the Cor go of the Ship New Glov.cefla (I Year, because the Account of that Year was passed by the Cursitor Baron, before the Committee knew of the Application of the Goods defgned (or Anuautabotbeing made toother Forts: That they had indeed an Account iiom Africaoiit, before they usually delivered in tl:e:r Account of Parliament; but not before ii was (tilled and (worn to before the Cur-li for Baron.

And as to the Two Sums 427. 6 3d. and £.168.

4.0 5<Y. making together £595. io.t. Sd. charged to

have been lint by the Robert to the above

Witness laid, that the Guns deferred for were

sent to Commenda, bet cute the Fort at Annamaboe was not ready to receive them, and they were wanting at Commenda, to guard the Landing Place then in Dispute between us and the Dutch.

And it having been said, that it might be presumed that the Committee might have had thele Accounts some time before the parting of their Account before the Curator Baron, in August 1734, as Letters were received in Vot. 27,

Mali. 13

London the 9th and 10th of July 1754, from the Master Afri«» of the Ship Robert — The same Witness said, that Mr. Trade. Melvil docs not care to lend his original Accounts by the Merchant Ships, but generally waits the Arrival of a Man of War. And,

Mr. Touchet, One of the Committee of the Company

of Merchants trading to Africa, said, That, in effect, they

did not arrive till they were brought by the Gosport Man of War in October 1755; and therefore the Committee could not portibly know how much of the Robert's Cargo was applied contrary to their Intentions.

As to the£. 629. 135. nd.Value of the Cargo of the Medway charged to Annamaboe, Mr. Bifcoe said, That the Medway was sent to Cape Coaji Cafle, (and the Invoice Book of the Company was read, and the Contract with John Gorman, Captain of the Medway, was produced in Proof thereof); and that the Charge of £.629. 15*. 1 to Annamaboe, in the Account delivered in to Parliament, was occasior.ed by a Mistake made by the Clerk in the transcribing, and was not in the original Invoice } and that they compare the Accounts with the Invoices, to fee if the Sums agree, but not to the Titles; and that the Sort of Goods, as entered in the Invoice, prove they were designed for Cape Coaf Cafle.

A nd your Committee taking notice, that in the Account delivered in to Parliament the 22d January that the above Cargo of t he Medway was (till continued as a Charge to the Erection of the Fort at Annamaboe; and a Letter being read from Mr. Apper/ey, the Company’s Engineer at Amamabce, expressing his Difapointment that the Med-

way had landed her Cargo at Cape Coaf Cafle: which Letter arrived at Dover the 8th October 1734, and was lent Express Wy Mr. Melvil in the Sloop Mercury,

Mr. Touchet said. That the Account on the 22d January 1735, was ext rafted from the annual Account, and not irom the Invoice Book, which was the cause of that Mistake not being discovered before that Account was de -livered in ;and though the Committee had a Let ter from Mr. Apper/ey, mentioning the Landing of the Medway's Cargo at Caps Coaf Cafle, yet Mr. Melvil did not acquaint them with the particular Appropriation, nor had -the Committee at that time received any Books shewing how the same had been disposed of.

As to the Sum of£. 88. 17;. od. for which Credit is given in the said Account for the Erection of the Fort at Annamaboe, the fune was for 20,000 Bricks designed for Annamaboe, but taken out of the Spencer Frigate for the Use of James Fort, Gambia; and Obj-ftion being made

to the Charge of Freight for 120,000 Bricks, as not in proportion to the other Goods sent out in the said Ship,-either in Amount or Value, Mr. said, that tli*

Charge of that Freight was upon a Calculation of Tonnage, and not of Value:

And further said, that as to £.2 17. 1od. charged to Annamaboe for the Freight of 30,100 Bricks, and 45 Ton of Lime, per Bafnet, with a Cargo on board for Cape Coast Castle, amounting to £.4,134. 2 7 and £, 172.

13J. od.charged for Freight, that the said Goods took up

much less Room than the Lime and Bricks; and that the Freight ought to be charged as it was according to the Tonnage, and not the Valye.

As to the Credit that is given in the said Account of 2d April 1756, to the Article for the Erection of the Fort at Annamaboe, for Puncheons and Butts, £.410. 175.0^. — for Freight of Elephants Teeth, £. 6. 17.1. od. — for 23,000 Tiles £.27. lor. od. — it appears, by the annual Account presented the 29th of November 1754. that the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa received, for 150 Puncheons sent out in the nia to Annamaboe, £. 112. ior. od. — for 30 Puncheons sent out in the NewGloucester to Annamaboe, £. 22. lor.

od. — for Freight of Elephants Teeth by the Africa Sloop,

£.6. 1 -]s. od. — and of Samuel burner, for 25,000 Tiles,

£. 27. ioj. od. — And by the annual Account, presented the 14th January 1756, the said Company received of Samuel ‘Touchet, for 220 Puncheons sent out in the Terrible and Earl of Halifax, £. 165. — Robert Gordon, for

7 R Two

25* Mali.

A. 1756.

AJfrican Two Butts, £.1. 1 6s.0 — of Richard for 37

n* Butts,£.37. or. o^. — ForwIiichThreelaft Sums, amount-

ing to/. 203. t6 s.o d.Credit is given in the said Account to the Article for the Erection of the Fort at namaboe.

And, by an Account presented the 2d of April 1756, 'it appears, that the Company received, on the aSth of Augv.Jl 1755, A. LeJIie, for 61 Puncheons lent out in the Bafncty /.48. 16s oand of Thomas Mtly;/, for 31 Puncheons, £.23. 5s. o; And Notice being taken, that the Ships Terrible, Earl of , Alb ini a, New

G/oucelier, New Parhamand , went out about the same time; and that Credit was given, in the annual Account presented the 2qth of November 1754, for the Puncheons font out in the Albinia and Nezv;

and that Credit was not given for the Puncheons sent out in the Terrible and Earl of Halifax at the same time;

Mr. Touchet laid, That the Committee always give the Public Credit for all Sums as they receive them; and the Reason Credit was not given it) the annual Account delivered to Parliament in 1755, for the Sum of £.165 for the 210 Puncheons sent out in the Terrible and Earl of Halifax, was, that the Committee had not received the Money when the annual Account was made up in July 1754; and that he, the Witness, did not know what Number of Puncheons his Captains took off the Coast till November j 734, when he received the Ships Accounts from Jama'ca.

And Notice being taken, that the follcwingDeductions were to be made from the s Cargo, charged to

namaboe, viz. £.9. in o for Staves, Pammers, and Ladles, for their great Guns lent to menda; /.17. 1 6d. for Five Pair of Filtering Stones; /. 10. yd.

for Canoe Staples; £.65. 4J. o Advance-money to Artificers;

Mr. Touchet f,aid. That the /.q. 11 0 is included in the Sum of £.427. 6s. 3 credited in the continued Account presented to Parliament 2ad January 1755: That the £-17. 12 s. 6d.is likewise deduded, being charged as Ship Chandlery: That of the/.6$. 4 o £.6oPart of this, is for Advance-money to Artificers, and a Surgeon for Annamaboe; £. 5. 4J. 0 for a Set of Instruments for the said Surgeon; and that the Canoe Staples were intended to repair and secure the Canoes made use of in landing Bricks at Annamaboe; nor have the Committee received Advice of any of them being made use of for the other Forts, except the Value of /.4.

1 is. 0 d.sent to Tantumquerry.

And the Question being asked, Why, from the Account of Charges incurred at Annamaboey the Sum of £.56. $s. o d.the Freight of 54 Puncheons of Malt Spirits, which were landed for the Use of Coaf Castle, was not deducted ? he said, That the Committee took up the Storeships to carry Stores to Annamaboe, and put on board each of them as many Bricks as they could iafely carry'; which leaving ionic lloom in each Ship, they took the opportunity of fending 54 Calks of Spirits in Three of them, which Mr. Melvil advised were much wanted on the Coall, and for which they charged no Freight, because the Fort at Annamaboe mud have been debited with the same Freight if the Calks of Spirits had not been sent.

And notice being taken, that the Purchase of 61 Slaves, bought with the Two Cargoes of the Sloop Africa, cost upwards of £. 24 Sterling each, delivered at Annamaboe;

Mr. Bifcoe said, That the Amount of the Two Cargoes was £.857. 17 s. 10 d.and that 62 Slaves had been purchased at £. 12 per Head, which Amount to 744 and that the Remainder of the said Cargoes, amounting to £.113. i~js. sod. lies at Gambia to Purchase Slaves, to be sent to Annamaboe as purchased: And,

Mr. Touchet said. That the Error arises from an Imagination that the Sloop Africa was fitted out only to carry Slaves from Gambia; whereas (he was purchased and lent out intirely for the Use of the Fort at Annamaboe, in which (he has been, and is now, constantly employed; and that the Intention of the Committee, in ordering the 15

Slcop to Gambia in her Way to Annamaboe, was to lave the Public the Expence of Freight, and to purchase Slaves upon better Terms than at Gambia Fort.

And Notice being taken. That £.i, Soi. 7 ltd. Is charged, in the Accounts, for Prefen is g.veu to the Natives of Annamaboe; Mr. Touchet laid. That about/.i,oco was charged far the Fait tee Treaty; and how that Treaty

came to colt lo much, and the Service the Public will reap by if, will appear from 1 he Copy of a Letter from Mr. hlelvil, annexed in the Appendix, N° 1.; and that as to the remaining Part of this large Sum, it was expended in quieting the Demands of the who were conti-

nually obstruifting the Progress of the Fort, dpecialiy when the French were upon the Coast.

And Mr. Touchet, being asked how it has happened, that when £.800 per Annum is allowed to the Committee by Parliament for ail Charges of Management in Europe, that they have charged, in Five Years, ,£.637. I2r. id. more than is allowed by the Act ? he delivered in for Answer the following Account; viz.

Paid Edward Cooper Esquire.on behalf of

the Merchants of Bridol, for the Expences of soliciting and obtaining the Act, agreeable to a Ciauie for that purpose. -

Paid Mr. Hardman, on be half of the Merchants of Liverpool!,on the same Account -

Far which Sums the Committee with Diiiicul; yobta i neda fu 111 )i [charge, although the Demand from amounted to £.786. 15*, 31 and, from Liverpool, to £364. 4 4 Copies of the Plans of Forts raken by Captain Pye-Paid for surveying Ships chartered by the Committee -Cost of Seals, and a Frame, &c. for the Use of the Committee, agreeable to a Clause in the Act -

Fees to the Cursitor Baron, for passing the Account, which were demanded as customary -

Plan of the River Gambia -Framing the Plans of Forts -A Chest for Goods for Gambia Expences actually paid in Extra Attend-- ances on the House of Commons, Lords of the Regency, Boards of Trade and Ordnance, during Five Years, which cannot be included in the Charges of Management -Charges attending the Removal of the old Company’s Books -Paid for several Years Rent of Rooms to keep the fame, as per annual Account, there not being Room in the Office -

There was Credit given in the Account for Debentures amounting to/. 154. is. lod. whereas /. 12. ipr. c Part of that Sum, was for Two Debentures belonging to the Persons who fold the Goods, and paid to them accordingly' Paid the Engineer’s Expences in surveying the Bricks, &c. which went out by the Store Ships -Paid for stamped Indentures and Bonds for the Servants sent out to the Coast of Africa -

a’

2CO O O

r©5 00

660

6 O O

25 i 6

21 0 0

0 3 O

4 »3 6

O *7 0

164 3 6

7 19 o

53 7 0

12 19 o

3 3° *7 3 4

And, in order to know how the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa pals their annual Accounts before the Cursitor Baron,

Your

ao Geo. fl. 250 Mali. 615

Your Committee ordered Mr. Cursor Baron to attend them: Who, attending accordingly, delivered in a Paper, hereunto annexed, in the Appendix, N° 2. which he laid contained Minutes of the Method he took in examining the Accounts of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa: And,

Mr. Bifcoc* being examined as to the Reason why the Company refused to leave their original Accounts with Mr. Cursitor Baron, he said, That he believes it to be very tinusual topart with Vouchers of the Disposition of public Money.

And further said, That if Mr. Cursitor Baron has offered to give a Receipt for the Books and Papers, the Committee would have had no Objection to leaving them with him: And die Witness said, That he thought, if the said Receipt had specified every Book and Paper left with him, it would have been a Justificaticnof the Committee, if the Bo'jks and Papers had by any Accident been destroyed or ioft.

Upon the Whole, your Committee observe, That the Method pursued by the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in making up their Accounts is as follows: When they send out Stores for the US: of the several Ports on the Coast of Africa, they charge them, in their Accounts, to the Place for which they are particularly cksigned; but as Mr. Me foil* the Governor of same Coast Cajlk, has the Power to alter the Deft inanvmof 1 e Stores as he fees be ft for the public Service, it is impossible for the Committee to make an exact Charge of what Stores have been applied to any particular Fort, until the Accounts of the Disposition of the Stores are ient from Mr. Mdvii to the Committee.

A P P E N D I X, N* 1.

To the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa.

Gentlemen,

As 1 fend you the Far, tee Recognition by this Conveyance, it will be proper fot me to say something concerning it: The Diary will shew you how the Death of Intuffero first introduced the Proposition of a Law; how I found by conversing with the inland Cabboceers, that they were willing to recognize our Right.

How all this was brought about, your Book'; will discover. I was obliged to be very liberal: The Braffoe* the Curranteers, the Priests, and all the principal Men in the Country, had Prefenfs both before and after passing the Law: These Presents were g^e :ter than otherwise they would have been, on account of the secret Opposition of John Currantee and Cosse Tango, Cabboceers of Annama-hue, who get so much from the French, that they do not want to Ice the Corned between them and us at an End. I did my utmuPt to gain them; but finding all Endeavours ineffectual, I went oir, and concluded with the BraffuC, Curranieers* and Priests, and with all Fautee, Annamaboe excepted, as John declared he was bound by the Law, but durst not sign it rill he got his Son from France.

The Proportion of those who have sworn to observe the Law, is, to Annamaboe* as Twenty to One, according to the best Accounts 1 can procure, and in the Number i9 their Legislature.

The B rafjbe and Curranieers, by and with the Advice of their God, whefe Oracles they receive horn the Priests, are the FcvilceLegiflaturc: The and

never drank Feitck (their Manner 01 1 wearing) tooblerve any Treaty, before this: At first they refused it, to observe the Law, but, by the Steadinels of Abrah and the Priests, they were obliged to take it.

When I first set out upon this Business, I looked upon it as extremely problematical, both inrefpcdto procuring the Law, and to the Efficacy of it after it was made: The Law is ratified more solemniy than any thing of the Kind ever was in this Country, and Time must shew the Advantage of procuring it.

From the Recognition itself, you will perceive, that I . Vol. 27

had another Point in View, which I thought was worth the risking £. f,oooo Sterling upon it has Cost about that Sum), and that was, to acquire a Right wherewith to combat the Pretensions of the French.

Before the Law was passed and ratified, we had nothing to shew in Support of our Right to exclude the French: The Brajfoeand Curranteers hail a Note, which shall be

altered, whereby we oblige ourselves to pay Ground Rent for Annamaboe, Aggah, and Anni/Ieaa; but, by this Note, we were onlyTenants at Will; and though we could have deputed the Right of the French to let tie at these very Places, yet what Pretence had we to exclude them*from settling elsewhere on the FaCoaft ? Their settling any-where upon it would do us as much hurt nearly as if they fixed themselves at Annamaboe -, where-ever the greatest Price is given, the Trade will go.

In procuring the Recognition, I think there is aPoffi-bility of persuading the French by fair Means to delift from their Enterprizes upon this Coast, at least till we are fixed, and can talk in a higher Strain to the People of Annamaboe, at a less Expence than we are at now.

To oblige the French to give up such an Attempt by superior Force alone, is wounding them in the tendered Part: If it can be shewn them that they have no Right to settle here, they may possibly be glad of the Discovery, as it may serve to bring them out of a Scrape, and bea Salvo for the Honour of their Prince. I mention this as it was oneof my Motives in taking so much Pains as I havedone to get the Recognition; to enlarge upon it would be indecent when I know into whose Hands this Letter is to go. I told you before, that Time must discover the Efficacy of this Law with respect to the Fantees themselves; They are a fiithlels and arapacious People, aConfcicufness of this appeared when they drank Fetick: No foonerdid the Bra foe's Son and the Curranteers fee the Fetick Water than their Countenances altered,a sudden Tremor seized them; and such a Languor, that they had scarcely Spirits to pronounce the Words of the Oath, and put their Hands to the Paper. Next Morning the y told me. They found 1 would be at their Hearts: I had got at their Hearts now; it was over, and they were glad of it.

One of the Pawns given for the Observance of the Law has a Desire to fee England, and goes home with Captain Cockburne :As he is to be One of the chiefPriefts of,

a little Money laid out upon his Education will not be thrownaway: If he istaught to read and write, it may ten- der him more useful to us, and may enable us the betterto keep up ourConnedions with the inland Ftf»/m;besides,. his Father, who is a Man of great personal Authority, expects that his Son shall be taught; and, in my Opinion, he ought to be gratified, as he has been one of the principal Actors in procuring the Law. I know there are Objections to teaching the Negroes to read and write, but I believe they would not hold good in the prefen t Cafe.

I am,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient humble Servant,

Signed, Thomas Melvil.

Cape Coajl CaJUe,

March 11. 1753,

APPENDIX, N* 2.

Upon the 12th of July last Mr. Poirier, the Secretary of the Committee for the Direction and Management of the Affairs of the African Company, acquainted me, that they were ready to pass their Accounts, and desired I would appoint a Day for that Purpose.

I then afleed him if all the Committee Men had acted? he told me, They had. Upon which I replied. They ought all to attend, that each might be sworn to his particular Receipts and Disbursements.

I appointed the 25th of July for the Committee to attend, upon which Day there came only the Five following:

Henry

African T rade.

6i6

African

Trade.

25'

Mail.

' 4.i7

Henry Douglas,

Joseph Champion,

Peregrine Cujl,

Richard Gildart, junior,

Nathaniel BaJ'net.

They signed the Account first; and, as there is no particular Form in the Act of Parliament with regard to the Oath to be administered by the Cursitor Baron to the Committee, I prepared the following.

" You, and 'each of you, thall swear. That you " will true Answer make to such Questions as I thall atkyou, by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made " in the 23d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, " intituled, An Act for extending and improving the " Trade to Africa.

" So help you God."

And atked each of them, when I had so sworn them after this Form, Upon the Oath that you have severally taken, does this contain afull and true Account of all the Money received by you, or by your Order, as Committee Men, for the Management of the Affairs of the African Company, and likewise of the Application thereof by you, or by your Order, from the 3d of 1734 to the 3d of July 1755?

I then desired they would acquaint the other Four Committee Men, that I expected they would attend to be sworn, and to sign the Account; for, as Three of the Committee are chosen by the Majority of the Freemen in Bristol, and Three others of the Committee by the Majority of the Freemen of Liverpo, I told them I thought it necessary that the Committee of each Place should be sworn, that the Freemen of the several Places might have the fulled Satisfaction of the Trustees having done their Duty.

They did not seem to think it right or necessary', but promised to acquaint their Brethren with it.

I then desired the Committee Men present would order their Secretary to lay before me the Minute Book, Charter Parties, Bills of Sale, Bills of Loading or Invoice, Bank Book, or any other Books or Papers which related to the Affairs of the African Company.

They said, Wednesday was their Committee Day; and they would then consider of it: After the Five Committee Men were gone, I gave their Secretary, in Writing, a Lid of the Books and Papers I wanted, that he might shew it to the Committee at their next Board, for their Order: Accordingly,

On the 3id of July lad the other Four Committee came:

Samuel Turner,

Charles Pole,

Vincent Bifcoe,

Robert Scott.

They objected at first to being (worn; and said, That the whole Committee were never sworn before; and that by the Act of Parliament Five were the Committee.

I answered, That the words of the Act, in the particular Clause that relates to the Cursitor Baron, mention, that the Committee should lay before him their Account upon Oath, and not Five, or a Part only; but whatever might be the Sense of the Clause, as I was to judge of it in the bed manner I was capable, it appeared to me to be the Intention of the Legislature that the whole Committee should be sworn; and, as they have all acted, it is my Opinion they ought all to sign and be sworn, for One Committee Man cannot swear what Sum or Sums another may have received or disbursed.

They did then sign the Account, and were sworn in the same Form as the other Five were; but went away immediately, without mentioning any thing relating to the Books and Papers.

After the Four last mentioned Committee Men were gone, Mr. Poirier, their Secretary, acquainted me. That the Committee had given him Orders not to leave any of the Books and Papers I required, but that he was ready to examine the Vouchers with the Account, I then told him* They appeared to be so numerous, that I

could not think of doing it info cursory a manner: That the Act of Parliament had appointed the Cursitor Baron, Auditor of this Account; and therefore it was necessary that I should have all the Lights which were possible in this Affair; and that I should be extremely cautious in passing it, unless I had a full and proper Examination of the Whole; for, as a Copy of such annual Account was directed by the Act to be laid before the Parliament, so audited by me, I ought to be particularly careful not to incur their Censure in any thing I do.

At the same time 1 desired Mr. Poirier, the Secretary, to acquaint the Committee, That I thought it a verygreat Slight and Contempt that they shouldrcfuietointruftme with the Books and Papers; and that I did not chuse to examine them with the Secretary in the First place, because in an Affair of this Conll-quence, I should take the Advice and Assistance of Persons who are conversant in Accounts, and would go through the Whole with the Secretary afterwards, when I was fully prepared to examine him upoA the Articles or Particulais of the Account; and that I would give him proper Notice when I required his At. tendance.

W hen I mentioned to Mr. Poirier, that I proposed to be afffted by Persons of Skill and Knowledge in Accounts, he replied. The Committee would not fuller any Person to inspect their Books and Papers, but the Cursitor Baron only; and, on my rcfuling to proceed in the Account unless the Books and papers were let:, lie said, He was only a Servant to the Committee, and mult obey (heir Orders, and thereupon went away, and took back (hole Books and Papers, which, upon the 25th ct July I directed Mr. Poirier to acquaint the Committee, I expected should be brought and left for my Inlpcction and Examination.

August the 7th 1755, Mr. Poirier attended me again by my Orders; and, upon my aflting him if the Committee had consented to my keeping the Books and Papers relating to the Account, that I might inspect; and examine them at my Leisure; he told me, That he was directed by the Committee to bring the Vouchers I required, and to assist me in comparing them, but not to leave them: Whereupon I said, If the Committee did not think proper to trust the Vouchers in my Hands, I should endeavour, as the Timewas verynearexpiring, toexaminetheAccount io his Presence as well as I was able, since they would not give me an Opportunity of doing it so well as I could with.

Mr. Poirier did accordingly attend me; and after, swearinghim, I went carefully and regularly through the whole Account Item by Item, and compared each Particular with the Minute Book of Orders of the Committee, with the Charter Parties or Agreements for Freight with the several Masters or Captains of Vessels, with the Bills of Lading or Invoices; and also examined the Receipts of the Committee, as stated by the Account, with the Bank Book, and found they corresponded with each other, except the Sum of £.184. which was retained by the Merchants at Bristol of the African Company, in Part Payment of the Expences they were put to in procuring the Act: of Parliament.

August nth, 1753, Mr. Samuel Poirier, the Secretary, attended me again, and produced the proper Vouchers from Thomas MelvilEfcjuire, Governor in Chief of all the

Forts upon the Coast of Africa, and from John Esquire, principal Engineer of the Fort at Amamaboe, residing in Africa, whereby they acknowledge the Receipt of the respective Dills of Lading of the several Vess-ls called the Hanover Planter, the Band the Spencer Fri-

iate-

After taking some time to consider of the Whole, I

drew up a Report of what appeared to me on the Face of the Account, and upon the Examination of Mr.

rier; and, on the tyth of August lull, I annexed it to the Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa for the Year 1754.

On the 20th of August I lent it to Mr. Poirier, wlro said he would fiiew it to the Committee; at winch time he told my Clerk, that he apprehended a Copy only of this Account, Io audited by me, would be laid before the

Hou.‘&

2*9 Geo. II. 25° — 26"

House of Commons, but no Notice would be taken of my Report.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26* Mail;

— 270 Maii. 7

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Qualifying to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves, according to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament, within the Times limited by such Acts respectively, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and concerning the Admissions of Officers and Members of Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, and the Filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Anno 29® Georgii. IP' Regis, 1756.

1

Prayers.

Newark /JRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

upon^Trent the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ. the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, in the room of John Manners Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of House-keeper of his Majesty’s Palace at Whitehall.

Priming The House was moved. That the several Entries con-

Journais. tained in the Journals of the House, of the Refutations and Orders of the House, of the 3 ill Day of 1742, relating to the printing of the Journals of the House; and also of the Addresses of the House to his Majesty, ct the 31st Day of May 1742, of the Third Day of March 1748, and of the 16th Day of January 1752, for the several Sums of Money therein mentioned, to beadvanced towards defraying the Expence of printing the same anight be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Refolded, That the Journals of this House, from the Beginning of the Ninth.Parliament of , to

the End of this present Session of Parliament, be printed.

Resolved, That One thousand Copies of the said Journals be printed for the Use of the Members of this House, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of Jeremiah Dyson Esquire, Clerk of this House, with a proper Index to each V olume.

Resolved, That the said Journals be printed by such Person as shall be licenl'ed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person doprefumc to print the fame.

And the House being inlormed, That the several Sums already advanced, in pursuance of the said Addresses, will not be sufficient to complete the printing of the said Journals, as directed by the Orders of the House of the 31st Day of A lay 1742.

Refo/ved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to order such further Sum of Money to be advanced to Nicholas Harding* Esquire, as shall be necessary for completing the printing of the Journals of this House, to the End of the Eighth Parliament of Great Britain; and also the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, to be advanced to Jer emiah Dyson Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, from the Beginning of the Ninth Parliament of Great Britain; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

America; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SliTs"*"" for extenc^mS the Act, of tire aid Year of his present by Sea.C* Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels, employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America, without any Amendment: And also,

Vol. 27.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill j for enabling his Majesty to raile One million for the x^,[j|uer Purpose therein mentioned: and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament without any Amendment: And also,

The Lcrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Enconragment for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the more 0 ameu* speedy and effectual manning his Majesty’s Navy, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act s°PPb’ > for further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of the ^'ras,*°rt, le Reign of his present Majesty, for lecuring and encouraging Colonies, the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to indemnify Commissioners of the Land Tax for Counties at large, and Ridings, who have acted by virtue of Lerde-hohl Estates; and to obviate a Doubt relating to the Qualification of Commissioners of the Land Tax for the City and Liberty of Westminster; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing an Act for the Relief of c ":

Debtors, with respect to the imprisonment of their Persons; and for continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue several Laws relating to the Dillemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 2 70 die Man \

Anno 29° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1756.

Prayers.

nnHE Lord Hobart reported to the House, Tint their printing X Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be JournsU. graciously pleased to order such further Sum of Money to be advanced to Nicholas Hardittge Esquire, as shall be necessary for completing the printing of the Journals of this House to the End of the Eighth Parliament of Britain-, and also the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds to be advanced to Jeremiah Dfyon Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, from the Beginning of the Ninth Parliament of Great Britain; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good the fame; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this 1 louie, that he will give Directions accordingly.

A Message from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Royal Aten* Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker, Bills.

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty. r

And, being returned;

,^Pca'vCr reported, That the I hufe had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty

7 S was

Royal A (Tent to

Bills.

618 27* Mali. . 1.75(5*

was pleased to give the royal Assent to the several public and private BilU following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Service of the Year One thou I and Seven hundred and Fifty-six:

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise One million for the Purpose therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for further continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of the Rt ign of his present Majesty, for securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America \ to indemnify Commissioners of the Land Tax for Counties at large, and Ridings, who have acted by virtue of Leasehold Estates; and to obviate a Doubt relating to the Qualification of Commissioners of the Land Tax for the City and Liberty of:

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and the more speedyand effectual manning his Majesty’s Navy: An Act for the better recruiting of his Majesty’s Forces on the Continent of America and for the better Regulation of the Army, and preventing Desertion, there:

An Act for extending the Act of the Twenty-iecond Year of his present Majesty, for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty’s Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, to such Officers, Seamen, and others, as shall serve on board his Majesty’s Ships or Vessels employed upon the Lakes, great Waters, or Rivers, in North America:

An Act for reviving and continuing an Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Impril'onment of their Persons; and for continuing an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue several Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Wroollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in same of the Payment of the Workmen's Wages in any other manner than in Money:

An Act for encouraging the Fisheries in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for inclosing, by the mutual Consent of the Lords and Tenants, Part of any Common for the Purpose of planting and preserving Trees fit for Timber or Underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful Destruction of Trees:

An Act for more effectually discouraging and preventing the stealing, and the buying and receiving of stolen Lead, Iron, Copper, Brais, Bell Metal, and Solder; and for more effectually bringing the Offenders to Justice:

An Act to enable Infants, Lunatics, and Femes Covert, to surrender Leases, in order to renew the same:

An Act for appointing a sufficient Number of Constables for the Service of the City and Liberty of JVefl-minster; and to compel proper Persons to take upon them the Office of Jurymen, to present Nuisances and other Offences, within the said City and Liberty:

An Act to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of minster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purchase I loufes anti Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, and the

Courts of J uil ice there, and; and to

enable a ids Number of Commissioners to execute the >9

several Acts relating to the said Bridge, than at present are required by Law; and for Relief of George and James King, with regard to a Lease taken by their late Father from the said Commissioners

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twetity-second year of his present Majesty’s lleign, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Weflm infer-, and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale of Fish, under the Dimensions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the first Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, in case the same are taken with a Hook:

An Act for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclesall, in the County of York:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves according to the Directions of l'everai Acts of Parliament, within the Times limited by such Acts respectively, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and concerning the Admissions of Officers and Members of Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, and the Filing of Affidavits of Articles of Clerkship:

An Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge:

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Black Fryars, in the City of London, to the onpofite Side in the County of Surrey:

An Act for regulating the nightly Watch and Beadles, and bettcrenlightcning, paving, and cleansing, the Streets, and other Passages, and repairing the Highways, within the Pari (lies of St. John flapping, St. Paul the Hamlet of Ratcliffe, the Parish of St. Anne, in the County of Middlesex, and the Precinct of Well in

the Liberty of the Tower of London:

An Act for rebuilding the Parirti Church, and enlarging the Church-yard, of St. John of in the County of Middlesex:

An Act to enable the Proprietors and Inhabitants of Houses in York Buildings, in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to make and levy a Rate on themselves, sufficient to answer the Expence of rebuilding or repairing of the Terrace Walk and Water Gate, and such other Part of the Premises adjoining to the Iliver Thames, and belonging to the said Buildings, as shall be judged necessary; and for keeping the same iu Repair for the future:

An Act to enable the respective Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading to Highgate Gate and Hampflead, and from St. Giles's Pound to Kilhourn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, to make a new Road from the great northern Road at J(lingtonto the Road near Paddington; and also trom the North End of Portland Street, cross the Farthing Pye-house into the said

new Road; and for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts for repairing the said Road from St. Giles's Pound to Kilhourn Bridge:

An Act for amending, repairing, and widening, the Roads leading from the Rve in the Parish of Tar-pole, in the County of Hereford, to in thr

County of Radnor, and from thence and

from Presteigne aforesaid to the Top of Trap Hi/T, and from the RyeJVay aforesaid, by the , to Woo-

fer ton, in the County of Salop:

An Act for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Ins present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Top of White Sheet Hitl, in the Parish of Saint Andrew, in the County of Wills, through the 1'owns of Shaftesbury, Miliorne Port, and Sherborne, in the Counti<-$

of Dorset and Somerfst, to the Half-way in the

Parish of Nether otherwise Lower Compton, in the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads near the Towns of Shaftejhury and Sherborne aforesaid; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the Roads in the said former Act mentioned:

An

30 Gho. Hr 17’* Mail. — 18 619

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Road from Shrew/btiry to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh; and to repair and widen several other Roads therein mentioned, and the Road from Wrexham to Chest&r, and from thence to Penfforddy waen, in the Parish of Whit ford; and also the Road from Broughton to Mold, in the County of Flint:

An Act for explaining and making more yffcftual an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Eall End of Brampton High Lane, in the County of York, to the Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through the Towns of Ajkrigg and Ingleton, in the hid County, to the Town of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster; and also for repairing the lxoacl leading from Richmond aforesaid, through Gating, Mefmby, and Aldbrough, to Lucy otherwise Lously Grass \ and from Gilling, through Gilling Town Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Gatherley Moor: ,

An Act f. r veiling the Manor of Dan fey, and Hundred of Chippenham, and divers Mdfuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Wilts, late the Ellatcs of Charles Earl of Peterborow and Monmouth, ueceased, in Trustees, for raising a certain Sum of Money for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of the Ellate of James Lord Cran-Jtoun, in the County of Northumberland, settled oa his Marriage for the Benefit of Sophia Lady Cranftonn, and , their Issue, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the fame, and also towards ditincumbering his Estate in Scotland, settled also for the Benefit of the said Lady Cranftonn, and the Issue of that Marriage:

An Act for carrying into Execution several Contracts made by, or on the behalf of, James late Lord Butkeley, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in his Life-time, for the Sale ot several Lands and Tenements in the County of Chef ter \ and for applying the Purchase-money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same:

An Act for vesting the Manor of Northed!, and clivers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Mi ddlcjiZX, settled on the Marriage of Sir Hutchins Williams Baronet, and devised by the \\ ill of William Pare Williams his Father, respectively, in Trufcees, in order to be conveyed to Agatha Child, Widow, and her Heirs, pursuant to Articles of Agreement for that Purpose; and for laying out the Money, arising by Sale of the Estate devised by the said Will, in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the LJfes of that Will: and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the settled Efcates of Francis Blake Delaval Esquire, in Trufcees, for raising Money to pay off and discharge several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of Mundy Esquire, in the County of Leicester, for discharging Incumbrances affeifting the fame, and also his unlet-tled Estate in the County o and for settling the

Jderbyshire Estate, so difincunibcred, to the Ui'es therein mentioned:

An Act forconfirming a Partition between John Leman Esquire, and Elizabeth Newn and John Esquire, of several Estates in the City of London and Counties of Middlesex and Huntingdon-, and for veiling and settling the intire Premises, which, cn such Partition, were allotted to the said John Leman, and Elizabeth Newnham and John Newnham respectively, to the Lies therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing the common Fields of Eg!eton, alias Edgeton in the County of Rutland:

An Act to enable John 7/ior Esquire, now called John Hewett, and his Descendants, to take and use the

Surname of Hewett, pursuant to the Will of Sir Thomas Hezvett Knight, dcccaftd:

An Act for naturalizing Francis an Infant

under the Age of tv.ghteen Years.

Vol. 27.

Mr. Speaker also reported, That his Majesty was af- Theling't terwards pleated to make a most gracious Speech from sP*fC '* the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, of which Mr.

Speaker laid he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House, and is as followeth; viz.

My lairds and Gentlemen,

After so long and unwearied Application to the public Business, it is reasonable that I Ihculd give you feme Recess: I must at the same time return you my hearty Thanks for the vigorous and effectual Support you have given me, in maintaining that just and national Cause in which I am engaged.

The Injuries and Hostilities which have been for feme time committed by the French, again!! my Dominions and Subjects, are now followed by the actual Invasion of the Wand of Minorca, which (lands guarantied to me by all the great Powers of Europe, and in particular by the French King: I have therefore found myself obliged, in Vindication of the Honour of my Crown, and of the Rights of my People, to declare War in Form again!!

France: I rely on the Divine Protection, and the vigorous Assistance of my faithful Subjects, in so just a Caule.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return you my hearty Thanks for the lieadiness and Dispatch with which you have granted me such large Supplies; you may depend on their being strictly applied to the good Purposes for which they were given.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Nothing has given me more inward Satisfaction than the Confidence which you repose in me: It is the most acceptable Return you could make to me, and you may be allured shall be made use of only for your Good: The Preservation of your Religion, Liberties, and Independency, is, and always shall be, my great Aim, and I trust you will not be wanting to yourselves.

And that, afterwards, the Lord Chancellor signified Adjournment, his Majesty’s Pleasure, that both Houses of Parliament should severally adjourn themselves until Friday the 18th Day of June next.

And the House accordingly adjourned till Friday the 18th Day of June next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Veneris,18° die Junii;

Anno 30* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do Issue his Warrant to Norwich the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwich, in the room of the rioht honourable Horatio Walpole Esquire, now Baron Walpole of Wooltcrton% in the County of Norfolk, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Tomworth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties ot Stafford and Warwick, in the room of the honourable Thomas VHHers Esquire, now Baron Hyde, of IIin don, in the County of Wilts, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newport the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Edward Bacon Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiffof his Majesty’s Three Chil-

tern

618° Junii — 150 Julil — 17 °Attg — zS° Sept. — 18° Nov, 1756.

tern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the 28th Day ot September next: And the Par-

in the County of Buckingham. liament was accordingly prorogued until ‘TuefJay the

28th Day of September next.

Adjournment. ' Mr. Secretary Fox acquainted the House, That it being ____

the King’s Pleasure that the Parliament should be adjourned until Thursdaythe 15th Day of July next, his Martis 28°

Majesty desires that this House will adjourn itself until

Thursday the 15th Day of July next. Anno 30° Georgii IIUl Regis, 1756.

die SeptembTis;

And the House accordingly adjourned until Thursday the 15th Day ot July next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovis3 150 die Julii;

Anno 30* Georgii IIJl Regis, 1758.

PR AYERS.

Parliament A MESSAGE was brought from the Lords, by Mr. prorogued. Quarme, Deputy Genttleman Usher of the black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until the 17th Day

of Jug!ft next: and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 17th Day of next.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman Uiher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commis-. fion read:

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 18th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the 18th

Day of November next.

Jovisj 18° die Novembris;

Anno 30° Georgii Ildi Regis, *7 56-

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Martts, 1 'f die;

Anno 30° Georgii IP' Regis, 1756.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

further

prorogued. A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod t

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the Second Day of December next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Second Day of December.acxt.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

furtbtr

prorogued.

Mcflagfr to attend the King.

Members take Oaths.

CoMawry

Bill.

The King’s Speech re^oned.

J OURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Sess. 1756 — r.

Jovis, 2° diDeccmbris;

Anno 30° Georgii IlJi R'gis, 1756.

A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry BeUenden, Gentleman L'lherof the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House ot Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Several Members present took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribvd the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the Full time.

ReJ'ched, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was picafed to make a most gracious Speech from the rrhrone to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Sneaker said, lie had, to pi event Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which lie read to the House; and is as followed]; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have called you together in a Conjuncture, which "highly requires the Deliberation, Advice, and AfMarice, of Parliament; and I trust that (under the Guidance of Divine Providence) Union and Tirmness in my affectionate People will carry me with Honour through all Difficulties, and finally vindicate the Dignity of my Crown, and its indubitable Rights, against the antient Enemy of these Kingdoms.

The Succour and Preservation of America cannot but constitute a main Object of my Attention and Solicitude; and the growing Dangers, to which our Colonies may stanc! exnoled from our late Loftes in those Parts, demand Resolutions of Vigour and Dispatch.

An adequate and firm Defence at home mufl have the chief Place in my Thoughts; and, in this great View, I have nothing so much at heart as that no Ground of Dil-latistadlion may remain in my People.

To this End a national Militia, planned and regulated with equal Regard to the just Rights ot my Crown and People, may, in time, become one good Resource, in case of general Danger; and I recommend the framing of such a Militia to the Care and Diligence of my Parliament.

Vol. 27.

The unnatural Union of Councils abroad, the Calamities which, in consequence of this unhappy Conjunction* may, by Irruptions of foreign Armies into the Empire* shake its Constitution, overturn itsSyftem, and threaten Opprdfion to the Protestant Interest there, are Events which mud ienfibly acted the Minds of this Nation, and have fixed the Eyes of Europe on this new and dangerous Crisis.

The Body of my Electoral Troops, which I ordered hither at the Desire of my Parliament, I have directed to return'to my Dominions in Germany; relying, with Plea-lure, on the Spirit and Zeal of my People in Defence of my Person and Realm.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I wall order the proper Estimates to be laid in due time befote you; and I rely on your Wisdom, that you will prefer more vigorous Efforts (though attended with large Expence) to a less effectual, and therefore less frugal, Plan of War.

1 have placed before you the Dangers and Necessities of the Public; it will be your Care to lay in such a manner the Burthens you may judge unavoidable, as will lead distress and exhaust my People.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I pan not here be unmindful of the Sufferings of the poorer Sort from the present high Price of Corn, and the Disturbances which have arisen therefrom; and I recommend to you to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the like Mischiefs hereafter.

Unprolperous Events of War in the Mediterranean have drawn from my Subjects signal Proofs how dearly they tender my Honour, and that of my Crown; and they cannot, on mv Part, fail to meet with juit Returns of unwearied Cares, and unceasing Endeavours, for the Glory, Prosperity, and Happiness, of my People.

Resolved, Nemine cohtradicenie, That ah humble Addicts be presented to his Majesty, most humbly to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to allure his Majesty, that his faithful Commons, excited by Duty, and warm with Gratitude, do, from their Hearts, acknowledge the paternal Care and royal Condescension of his Majesty, irt pointing out from the Throne such a Plan of Eoree, for out Defence, as may bed tend to the Satisfaction of his People, and, in particular, a woli-m*defied national Militia, as cne proper Security for his Majority's Person and Realm; that, in this pielent arduous Conjuncture, tins House, next after Divine Providence, relies on lus Majesty’s Williom and Magnanimity, remembering Erir/t Efforts, in Tiir.es past, under Princes whole first Gf ?y was to found, like his Majesty, the Strength of their Go* vcroiuenl in the Comentrnenr and Harmony of their Sub-

7 T jccU;

jrtcHrefi o»> the

JCn/s

Speech*

2° Decembr.

Committee

to draw up Avidrdb.

Hi'h hii e of Corn.

StocKbnd »e Writ.

P-nrvn

Writ.

W\»7

KV>;»n. y Wri:.

ft! Jtn.irnau County Urn.

6 22

jed$; that, thus united and thus animated, his Commons will ci'.earfully support his Majesty through all Difficulties. and vindicate*, to the utmost, the Dignity of his Crown, and its indubitable Rights, again!! the antient Enemy of theft Kingdoms; that they trust, his Majesty, ixrong at home, will find himldt revered abroad, and in a Condition to support that Weight and Confederation in Ennpe, which belong to a King of Great Britain, not-wiiijitanding the unnatural and unhappy Union of Councils, which have formed on the Continent io new and dangerous a Crisis; that this House thinks with Pain on

o

the lad Events of War in the Mediterranean, and in America^ that they will take theft aifteting Matters into iheir moll serious Consideration, not imputing blame to any unheard, and will, with all Confidence, Alacrity, and Dispatch, fecund the royal Cares of his Majesty for tie speedy Succour and Preservation c\ America, under tire grotving Dangers to which those invaluable Possessions Hand exposed j that tins House will consider ot proper Provisiuns for the Relief of the poorer Sort from the present high Price of Corn, and for preventing the like Mischiefs hereafter, according to the royal and compas-licnatc Recommendation of his Majesty.

Ordered) Thar a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Mojeily, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Saudys, Mr. Prowie, Loid Downey the Marquis of Gvunby, Sir Francis Daft-wood, Lord George 'Sackville, Sir G<mge Lee, Sir 'Thorvis Rob njon, Lord Pn/tencv, Mr. Alderman Declfn\!, Sir John Philipps, Mr. A agent) Mr. Of wo rdy Lord Depp! in, Mr. Afieck, Mr. Stanley, Mr, JHmain^e, Admiral B fcaw eu, Mr. Martin) Sir John Ruftiout, Mr. GSerge O-ftuw, Lord Strange, Lord Eg-rival. Lord Barrington) Lord’Guenifey, Sir Richard Lxt-tLion, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Xyufticu, Mr. M'kcnfte, Mr. Chm Its Townftmnd, Mr. Ci envilie, Colonel Conway, Mr, Merton, Mr. Boon, Lord Fla!pas; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the S.uakeffi Chamber.

Ordered, That his ? I.,jetty’s most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Pe/dved, Tsemine Contra decent e, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolvc itle f into a Committee of the wnolc House, to consider ot that Part of his Maje-Hybs most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, ^hich relates to the present high Puce of Corn.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to He Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the LiCeiing of a Burge Is to force in t i i s present Parliament Hr the borough of Sloekb ridge, in the County of South-cnipicu, in the room of George Hay, Doctor of Laws, v'ho, ;ince his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the CiTice of One of the Commissioners for executing the Oiace of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to f"C Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the lv;:;ingcl a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-ni’*r/t for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of Corn-z"ad, ir, t!;t room of the right honourable Pdehard Edg-cww ' Ef'juire, who, since his Election for the said Bo-r ,ug!g luth accepted the Office ol Comptroller of his Houshold.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifiuc Ids Warrant to the C,ef; of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for tee E!l\ ting of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament Hr the Poic ot Hew Romney, in the County of Kent, in tue ro.au ol Henry Furnefe Esquire, deceased.

Ordered) 'Hut Mr. Speaker do Blue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for *4

A. 175b.

the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Glamorgan, in the room of Charles Edwin Esquire, deceased.

- Ordered, Tint Mr Speaker do Blue Ids Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Selkirk, in the room of Gilbert Elliot Esquire, who, since his Election for the laiJ Shire, hath accepted the Offce ot One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That. Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Ctown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of I/chester, in the County of Somerset, in the room of the honourable John Talbot Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out ynew^AVrft; for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Wcodf.och, in the County of Oxford, in the room of the right honourable John Lord Viscount Bateman in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his filed ion fur the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Houfii *!d.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker c!o issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to terve in this present Parliament lor the City of Path, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Sir Rr{ >t Henley Knight, who, fir.ee his Iiledion ior the Lid City, hath accepted the Office of Attorney Genera: to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new \Y rit, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for toe Borough of Pyegate, in the County of Surrey, in the room of the honourable Charles Ycrke, Esquire, who, sincehis Iiledion for thelaid Borough, hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, in the room of the right honourable George Grenville Esquire, who, since his Iiledion for the said Borough and Parish, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, fof the Eleding of a Burgcls to serve in this prelont Parfa-ment for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in the County of Bucks, in the room of the honourable Jamies Grenville Esquire, who, since his Iiledion for the said Borough and Parish, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Ids Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Burgess to fane in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cad ivy ten, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Sharpe Esquire, de-ceaseJ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Ids Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, io make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Burgees to terve in this nrefent Parliament

4 n . 1

for the Bon-u^h ot Tiverton, in the County of Devon, in the room of 'Thomas Ryder liffiuirc, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of

Steward

Selkirk

\\n:.

itchffler

Writ.

W.'oHflock W nu

Bah

Wr.L

Writ.

Buckinohs®

Wm.

Di’fe

Wm.

Ti<rrton

Writ.

jo Geo. II.

2°-

3° Decembris.

623

q Norwich

Writ.

of h-.

Warwick

£< rough Writ.

Steward of his Majesty’s Manor of Old Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out. a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to lerve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwich, in the room of the right honourable John Hobart Esquire, commonly called Lord Hobart, now Earl of Buckinghamshire, called up to the House of Peers.

o

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant t the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County oiWarzmck^ in the room of the right honourable Wills Earl of Htllfi borough in the Kingdom cf Ireland, now Lord Harwich, Baron of Harwich, in the County of Ejfiex, called up to the House of Peers.

Sandwich H-‘ Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing ot a Baron to lerve in this present Parliament for the Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, in the room of Claudius Awyand Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Del aval. Marquis ot Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs.

Charlton, Mr. Chctzvxnd, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Cv entry, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. IValpde, Mr. Ga/hry, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Martin, Mr. Rigby, Mr. West, Colonel Douglas, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Vyner, Mr. '0 Indus, Mr. Fishcr, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Pyc, Mr. Bruit neU, Mr. Xlybbcn, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Alderman Beckfrd, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. John Put, Mr.* !Vat feu, Mr. John Gore, M\ Gower, Mr. 1Under, Mr. C:\swell, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Fenny, Sir John Philipps, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Delava/, Sir John Turner, Lord Mai pas, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Page, Mr. CttrzcUy Mr. Wilkhjon, Mr. Grove, Sir William Calvert, Sir Francis Da//:wood. Sir George Lee, Mr. Potter, Mr. Talbot, l\Ir. Medlycot, Lord Strange, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Webb, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Tiff, Mr. La/celles, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Fumy Er-Jkine, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Clevland, Sir John Hynde Ccttw, Lord Barrington, Mr, Ccrnewall, Mr. Howard, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Wrielite, Mr. AT ken fie, Mr. C!ay I on, Mr. Turkey Sir John Cufl, Mr. Hewat, Mr. Prolyn, Sir Richard Grosvenor, General Conzvay, Mr. Rayniv.n, Mr. Norther, Mr. Molytieux, Mr. A/he ton Curzoit, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Pitlicney, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. John Frederick, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Bond, Mr. Craw-surd, Mr. Walter, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Fane, Mr. JJ:n

trnmby,

Mr. More, Mr. Fre-

Winchelsea

Writ.

Vi

Sutherland

Writ.

1 ti-.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Elc&ing of a Baron to lerve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Winchdfea, in the County of Sussex, in the room or T'komcu Orby Hunter Esquire, who, since his Eiedtion for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office ot One of the Commissioners lor executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit, for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parjiam-ru for the Shire of Sutherland, in the room of the honourable George Mackay Esquire, who, since his Ejection lor the said S rue, hath accepted the Office of Mailer of his Majesty’s Mint in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then the Iloiffe adjourned till To morrow .'domino, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris,3° die Decrr:;

Anno 30° Georgii II41 Regis,

1: vj.

Grind

Committees.

Committee

of

Privileges.

Prayers. r

r\RDERED, That the Grand Committee for religion do fir every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thurjilay in the x\ftcrnoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed:

And a. Committee was appointed of Lord Dupplin, Mr. Verna:, Mr. Oswald, Lord Cary5fort, Mr. Hard-inge, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Be/chier, Mr. KyihijVn, Lord Mayor ot London, , Mc; Room, Mr. Culvert, Mr. Vo:!:, Mr. Morton, Mr.

\ v.L. 17.

derick. Mi*. Lyjier, Mr. Thomas Towr.fheud, Mr. Fo~ mrcan, Mr. Finch, Mr. Alexander, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir William Meredith, Mr. Butler, Sir John Crojje, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Jones, Mr. QJbaldcjcon, Mr. Smith, Lord Robert Manners, Sir Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Digby, Mr. Towny, Lord Cwrge Cavendlfi, Sir

Matthew Lam be, Mr. Nev.

imam.

Sir Conyers D'Arcy,

Mr. Lane, Mr. Edward Walter, Sir Lionel Pilkington Sir Armine Wodehonfe, Colo; cl Haldane, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Ptozvfi, Mr. Walpole, Mr. James Grenville: And they are to meet upon Monday Fori night at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and to fit every WednesJoy, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Crnf: deration all Rich Matters as Until or may come in Question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges5 and to proceed upon double Returns in the Hirft place, and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Perffins who will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and fi> within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And ail Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any tiling shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And all Members returned upon double Returns are to withdraw, till their Returns arc determined.

Refolded, That, in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves of by their Agmts, within a convenient Time, to he appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the M it ter to be heard shall be Ivdore the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, L:ft> of the Periods intended by the Petitioners to be objecVcd to, v. ho voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in rlie laid L IV. the several Meads of Objection, and distir.gnifiv.ng the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to , mid that the Sitting. ?v!embers do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same time, deliver the like Lift.*, on their Parr, to the Petitioners, o: their Agents.

P d

Usual

0.1»ers.

TJfuat

Orders-

624 3 Decemhris.- A. 1756",

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be with* to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading in Parliament. thereto.

Refolded, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to diibbcy the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House*

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this lioui'e, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster General, do, for the future, every Day* during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, coo-stantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the House; and also on every Monday, tVedneJ'day, and Friday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members (ending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-nufter General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sirring, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated, to the House.

L

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked upby him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables and other Officers of Middlesex and Westminster do take care, that from Eleven ot' the Clock in the Morning to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Sef-' fion of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Ten/ple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order ro the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take care that there be no Gaming or other Disorders in Westminster Hail, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be font to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

*7

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House b going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, alter such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof: And that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions for private Bills, after the 12th Day of February next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Wrir, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devon: cn, in the County of Wilts, in the room of James Cope Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this prefer.t Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Sufrik, in the room of the right honourable Henry B- fui Lrpt Esquire, who, since Iris Election fir the said Borough, hath accepted the Offices or Chancellor and Under Tiva-lurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer, and of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the

E.ecung

G.

Address on the King’s Speech.

High Corn. Price Of

30 Geo. II.

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough or Harwich, in the County of Essex, in the room of John Philipfon Esquire, deceased.

Mr. 1'ownjhend reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our humble Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

Your faithful Commons, excited by Duty, and warm with Gratitude, do, from our Hearts, acknowledge-the paternal Care and royal Condcfcension of your Majesty, in pointing out from the Throne such a Plan of Force for our Defence as may belt tend to the Satisfidlion of your People, and, in particular,a well modelled national Militia, as One proper Security for your Majesty’s Person and Realm.

In this present arduousCbnjun£ture, your faithful Commons, next after Divine Providence, rely on your Majesty’s WifJoni and Magnanimity, remembering Efforts in times puft, under Princes whose (irft Glory was to found, hke your Majesty, the Strength of their Government in the Contentment and Harmony of their Subjects.

Thus united, and thus animated, this House will chcatfu'ly lunport your Majesty through all Difficulties, and vindicate, to theutmoli, the Dignity of your Crown, and its indubitable Rights, against the ancient Enemy of these Kingdoms.

Wc trust, your Majesty. strengat home, will find yourself revered abroad, and in a Condition to support that Weight and Consideration in Europe which belong to a King of Great Britain, notwithstanding the unnatural and unhappy Union of Councils which have formed on the Continent lo new and dangerous a Crisis.

Th is House thinks with Pain on the fad Events of War in the Mediterranean and in America ,\they will take tiiefe affecting Matters into their most serious Consideration, not imputing Blame to any unheard; and will, with ail Confidence, Alacrity, and Dispatch, second your Majesty’s royal Care for the Speedy Succour and Preservation of America, under the growing Dangers to which those invaluable Possessions stand exposed.

We beg Leave to act ire your Majesty, That your faithful Commons will co.ifider of proper Provisions lor the Relief of the poorer Sort from the pufent high Price of Corn, and for preventing the like Mischiefs hereafter, according to the royal and compassionate Recommendation of your Majesty.

The said Address, being read a Second time, was, upon the Qur ftior; put thereupon, agreed tu by the Houfp

Nemineconlradicente.

Resolved, That the said Addrest be presented to his Majesty by the whole Louie.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as ar of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly knew his Majesty’s Pleasure, when lie will be attended by this House.

The Order of the Day' being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, which relates to the pre-lent high Price of Corn;

Ordered, That so much of his Majesty’s said most gracious Speech, as relates to the present high Price of Corn, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved^itself into the said Coat-' mittee.

Yol. 27.

6a 5

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, Nemine conlradicente. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton, the Lord Dttpp/in, Sir John Rnjhout, Mr. Nugent, Mr. and *Mri

Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Charlton allb reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to order an Embargo to be forthwith laid upon all Ships laden or to be laden, in the Ports of Great Britain and Ireland, with Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, to be exported to foreign Parts.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine conlradicente, That an tumble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gra-cioufiy pleased to order an Embargo to be forthwith laid upon all Ships laden, or to be laden, in the Ports of Great Britain and Ireland, with Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread,

Biscuit, and Starch, to be exported to foreign Parts.

Ordered, That the ft id Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy-Council.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Vice Admiral Bofcazven, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, acquainted the House, That the King and the Board of Admiralty having been dissatisfied with the Conduct of Admiral Byng, in a late Action with the French Fleet in the Mediterranean, and for the Appearance of his not having acted agreeably to his Instructions, for the Relief of Minorca, he is now in Custody of the Marshal of the Admiralty, in order to be tried by a Court Martial. Although this is no more than what is usual in like Cafes, yet as Admiral Byng is now a Member of this House, and as his Confinement may keep him some time from his Duty here,' the Board of Admiralty think it a Respect due to the House, to inform them of this Commitment, and of the Reasons thereof.

And Vice Admiral Bofcawen delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, Two Papers, as true Copies of the Commitment and Detainer of the said Admiral

The House was moved, That the Journal of the House, of the 12th Day of December 1749, in relation to the same of Rear Admiral , might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the said Copies were also read.

Ordered, That what Vice Admiral Bofcawen hath now communicated to the House. and also the said Copies, be entered in the Journal of this House.

The laid Copies are as followeth; viz.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and , &c.

Whereas the honourable John Byng, Admiral of the Blue Squardron of his Majesty’s Fleet, foiled, from England in April last, with a Squadron of his Majesty’s Ships under his Command, for the Mediterranean, under our Orders, to proceed to Minorcaand, if he Ihouki find any Attack made upon that Island by the French, to use all possible Means in his Power for its Relief; And whereas the said Admiral Byng, by his Letter to our Se-

7 U cretary.

30 Decembris.

Embargo on Ship* laden wit1; Corn.

The King's Speech to be considered.

Admiral

Bvng.

6a6 3* — 4° Decembris. A. I 756.

cretary, dated the 25th of May last, gave us an Account of his getting off Mahoneon the 19th of that Month with his Squadron, confiding of Thirteen Ships of the Line, besides Frigates; engaging a French Squadron on the 20th, confiding of Twelve Ships of the Line, besides Frigates; and that he was making the bed of his Way back to Gibraltar on the 25th, leaving the French Squadron before Minorca: And whereas his Proceedings therein seems so little agreeable to our Instructions that it demands the drifted Examination into his Conduct and Behaviour by a Court Martial, and that he should be tried for the fame: These are therefore, in his Majesty’s Name, to will and require you to repair on board his Majesty’s Ship the Antelope, at Spithead, and take into your Custody the Person of the said Admiral and safely

keep him till delivered by due Course of Law, continuing him for the present on board the Antelope, whose Captain you are to apply to for any Aflidance you may want, for which this shall be your Warrant. Given under our Hands, and the Seal of the Office of Admiralty, the 27th of July 1756.

Anjon.

To Mr. William Brough, Mar- Duncannon.

dial of the High Court of Ad- R. Edgcumbe.

miralry.

By Command of their Lordships,

(L. S.) J. ClevI and.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, &c.

These are in his Majesty’s Name to will and require you to detain in your Custody the Person of the honourable John Byng Esquire, Admiral of the Blue Squadron of his Majesty’s Fleet (already committed to your Cudody by a former Warrant under our I lands, and the Seal of the Olhce of Admiralty), for that he the said John Byng, having the Command of his Majesty’s Fleet in the Mediterranean during the Engagement between his Majesty’s laid Fleet and the Fleet of the French King, on the Twentieth Day of May lad, did withdraw or keep back, and did pot do his utmod to take, seize, and destroy the Ships of the French King, which it was his Duty to have engaged; and to affid such of his Majesty’s Ships as were engaged in Fight with the French Ships, which it was his Duty to have affided; and for that he the said John Byng did not do his utmod to relieve St. Philips Cadle, in his Majesty’s Eland of Minorca, then besieged by the Forces of the French King, but acted contrary to, and in breach of his Majesty’s Command; and him, the said John Byng, you are safely to keep until he shall be delivered by due Course of Law, for which this shall be your Warrant. Given under our Hands, and the Seal of the Office of Admiralty, the 31 d Dayof/v/y 1756.

, Anson.

To Mr. William Brough, Mar- Duncannon.

dial of the High Court of R. Edgcumbe.

Admiralty.

By Command of their Lordships,

Clevland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 40 Decembris;

Anno 30* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1756. Praters.

Time »p- A/fR. Vice Chamberlain reported to the House, That pointed for J.VJLhis Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to AdcT'f8 Order of Yederday, humbly to know his Majesty’s rC*’ Pleasure, when he would be pleased to be attended By this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended

this Day, at Half an Hour after One of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St. James.

And then the House adjourned till Half an Hour after Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

R DERE A That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Borough- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, bridge for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- Writ* liament for the Borough of Boroughbridge, in the County 1

of York, in the room of the honourable William -ray Esquire, now Lord Chief Justice of his Majesty’s Court of King’s Bench, and Lord Mansfield, called up to the* House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to AMhorough the derk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of York, in the room of the right honourable William Pitt Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State.

1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oakhxpsi the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Oakhamptcn, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir George Lyttelton Baronet, now Lord Lyttelton, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Aylcftmy the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for writ

the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylejlury, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Thomas Potter Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymader General of his Majesty’s Land Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the s*lufh Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the honourable William Ponsonby Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Duncannon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of ti e Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Pnde Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Poole, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Sir Richard Lyttelton Knight of the most honourable Order of the Bath, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Mader of the Jewel Office to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Great Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Bed«in Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament Wnt* for the Borough of Great Bedtvin, in the County of Wilts, in the room of William Sloper Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Yarmmfib the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Graft Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of the honourable Charles Townshend

E (quire.

Dorchester

Writ.

The King’s An Uer to Address

Whitgift

Inclosure.

Embargo on Ships laden with Com.

Militia.

30 Geo. II. 40 — 130 D 7

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of the Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dorchester, in the County of in the room of John Pitt Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty with their Address; to which his Majesty was pleated to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I Return you my Thanks for this dutiful and affectionate Address.

Nothing can give me so great Satisfaiftion, or tend so much to the public Safety, as Union and Harmony atr.ongst mv Subjects,

You may rely on my conftunt Care and Attention to the Welfaie of my People.

A Petition of CorneliusStcvin Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Whit gift, in the County of York, Richard Wor-fop, of Uoxvden, in the said County of York, Esquire,

Owner of the Retlory Impropriate and great Tythes ari-sing and growing within the said Manor of and

of teveral other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, having Cattle or Failure Gates in and upon a certain open and uninclostd Piece ot Paftuie round in the Manor and Township of Whilgif uloresaid, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That if the said Whit-gift Failure, containing 165 Acies, or thereabouts, was divided and inclosed, it would be very beneficial to the Parties intcrelled; and that tho Petitioners are desirous, and have agreed, to divide and inclose the fame, and to have each Proprietor’s Share thereof allotted in Seveialty (a separate Allotment thereout first to be made to the said Impropriator, in lieu of the great Tythes arising in and upon the said Pasture); but that, notwithstanding suchDivision and Inclosureswilltend to the public Good, as well as to the mutual Advantage of all Persons concerned therein, yet the same cannot be effectually made without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore piaying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing Whit gift Failure aforesaid, according to each Person’s Right in the lame; and for other the Pur-poll-s aforesaid.

Ordered, 'lhat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of lue laid Petition: And that the Lord Downe and Mr. WUichfon do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

j

Mr. Vice Chamberlain reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, Tint his Majesty would be gracLully pleased to order an Embargo to be forthwith laid upon all Ships laden or to be laden in the Ports of Great Britain, and Ireland, with Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, to be exported to foreign Parts, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That lie will give Orders as is desired by the said Address.

Ordered, Nomine contradicente, That Leave be given to" bring in a Bill for the better Ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. Eown/hend, the Lord Strange, Mr. Edward Vernon, Mr. Non hey, the Marquis of Granby, the Lord George Sackvilfe, t he Lord , the Earl

of Egmont, Sir Armine IVodehoufSir John , Sir

Cor del Fircbrace, Mr. Gy b bon, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Vot. 27.

Hanger, the Lord George M, Sir John Sir John Cujl, Mr. Nick olfonCalvert, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Wilmot Vaughan, Mr. Hardinge, and Mr. Pryfe Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Charlton, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take into Confederation his Majesty’s most gracious Speech toboth Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Scvennight the 13th Day of this instant December, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lunce, 1 30 die Decembris;

Anno 30’ Georgii IP* Regi<, 1750.

PrAYF.I! s.

A PETITIONof the Mat or. Aldermen, and BurgefT.s, of the Borough of Brack, ey, in the County ampton, and of the several Inhabitants and Landholders in the Paddies of Eowcester, Silverston, Whitfield,

and Evenly, in the said County of Northampton, and in the Parishes of Cotsford, EufmoStoke, the Tything of Fevucot, Ardiey, Middleton and

ton on the Green, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Road from Tocvcefier Town’s End, in the said County of North-

ampton, to Szvineford, in the said Parish of Towcester, and from thence through Silver ft on to Whitfield in Whittle Wood Forefi in the Parish of , and from

thence to the Ford known by the Name of in

the Parish of Whitfield, and from thence to the Hatch Gate, in OldBrackley Constablewick, and from thence to Hoppersford in Syrefhcm Parish, and from thence to a Ford at the Bottom of Fwfoot H in Whitfield Parish, and: from thence, through the Town and Borough to Brackley Bridge in Brackley Parish, and from thence to Knife's House in Evenly Parish, in the County of ampton, and from Knite's House to Eif more Lane in Cols-~ford Parish, in the County of Oxford, and from thence through Eufmore Lane in Eufmor Parish, and from thence

about a Furlong beyond a House called House

in Stoke Parish, and from thence Town, in

the Tything of Few cot in Stoke Parish, and from thence through Ardiey Town to a Gate the far Side of Ardiey Common in Ardiey Part'll, and from thence to and through Middleton Stoney Town to a Gate entering on Chesterton Leys in Middleton Stoney Parish, and from thence over Chesterton Leys to a Cross Road leading from Kitklingtonto Bicefier in Chesterton Parish, and from thence to a Gate the further End of Town in the Parish

of Wefion, in the County of Oxford, where it joins the

Oxford Turnpike Road, are in a ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow and incommodious; and \ that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given

Expnrtttbrt ot Corn, fcc.

The King'* Speech considered.

Supply.

Towceflef

Road.

Burchester

iuclofnrc.

628 13 0 Decembris.1756.

for bringings Bill into the Iloofe for amemling, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration ot a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Piouse, Mr. , Lord Shelburne,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Syntonds, Mr. Cooke, Lord Parker, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Martin, Mr Gybbon, Mr. Mr. Ward,

Mr. Har.iinge, Mr. George Co/ebrooke, Mr. Bacon, Sir

William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Gore, Sir John,

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Brajjey, Mr. Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Culver!, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Calvert, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Sir Edward Turner, Poole, Mr.

Howard, Lord Remitter of Scotland, Sir James Creed, Sir George Lee, Mr. Bolton, Mr. . Mr. Mr.

He, nc, Mr. Onslow* Mr. Recorder ot London* Mr. FtUoives* Sir Royer New dilate, Mr. Smith* Mr. Cocks, Mr. Hume; and all the Mem was who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Oxford, Bucks, Bedford'* and Giourfler: And they are 10 meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Impropriator and Patron of the Pari lit Church of Burchester* otherwise Bur after* otherwise BUftfer, in the County of Oxford, and Owner and Proprietor of common Lands, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands lying and being in the Fields, Liberties, Territories, Preempts, and Township of Burchester* otherwise Burcester, otherwise Bifftter, Market End, in the said County, and of the Vicar of the said Church, and of others, Owners and Proprietors ot certain McHungcs, Cottages, or Tenements, and alto of others, Owners and Proprietors of common Lands, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, situate lying, and being, in the Fields, Liberties, Territories, Precindfs, and Township, of Burchester* otherwise Burcester, otherwise Bijfiter, Market End aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, and divers other Land-owners, are possessed of all the Lands and Grounds lying in the common Field called Burchester* otherwise Burcester* other wise Bifftter* Market End Field aforesaid, containing together 1,200 Acres, or thereabouts, and also of certain Meadows, Closes of Patlure, and in-clcfed Grounds, lying wichin the Liberties, Territories, Precincts, and Township, aforesaid: That the Petitioners, and others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements, and Landowners, arc intitled to common of Pasture upon all the said Lands, by a determinate Stint, exclusive of all other Persons; and that the said several Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dilpcrled in small Parcels over the said common Field, and are most of them inconveniently situated with respect 10 the several Houses of the Petitioners, and others, Proprietors in the said Township * by reason whereof a fuf-ticient Quantity of Manure cannot without great Difficulty, be conveyed to the fame, nor frequent Trespasses and Dilutes be prevented; and that so long as the said common Field lies commonable and unindoled, the same produces but little Profit, and is, in its present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and alleging, That the Petitioners, and others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages, Cottages, or Tenements, and Owners and Proprietors of the common Lands, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, Glebe Lands, and Tythes, lying and arising within the said common Fields, Liberties, Territories, Piccincts, and Township, aforesaid, are desirous that the said common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, may be divided and inclosed, and . that specific Parts thereof may be allotted to the Petitioners, and others, Proprietors thereof respectively; and that certain common Meadows, Common Pastures, and com-

lS

mon Grounds, may be discharged and exempted from such Right of Common as aforesaid; and that although the making such Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, will tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the several Parties concerned, yet the same cannot be effectually made and established without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given for bringing in a Bui for dividing, inclosing, aligning, and alioiting, ihe laid common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, and for extinguishing all Right cf Common in certain common Meadows, common Pastures, and common Grounds, or such other Relief in the Pre-miles as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Parker* Mr. Bridgman, and Sir Charles Mordaunt, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Glergy, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Frome, in the County of Somerset* and Warminster, in the County of Wilts* and Parrs adjacent, whole 1 lands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Road leading from the House of Mr. Robert Bleek, in War-viirfter aforesaid, through Whithorn and over Corftey Heath* and by the Bed *nn in Frome aforesaid, through Eggford* Whatley, and Little El me, to a public House on Mendip called Tattle House; and also the Road leading from the Bridge in Eg?for cl aforesaid to the Water in Murder comb Bottom, in the Road leading from Frome to St tils* in the said County of Scmerfei; and also the Roads from the Swan Inn in Frome* and from the Dwelling-horde late of Mr. J i;n Ford* in Frome aforesaid, to a Bridge called Blurt cry Bridge; and also the Road-' from the Bridge called Wall Bridge, in the Parish of Frome, through the Road called Lamb's Lane* to a public House in Chapmanflade, in the County of Wilts* called the Nags Head and also the Road leading from the Ship Alehouse in Frome to a Clofo called Lifpeat* in the Road leading from Frome to Niamey and S hep ton Blal/et; and also so much of the Road leading from Warm infer* through Locftanc and Keyford* towards Shepton Mallet* as lies between an Alehouse in the Parish of Frome called the Castle and Arch* and a Lane in the same Parish called Water Lane\ are become very ruinous in many Parts thereof in the WinterSeafon; and in many Places so narrow, that Carriages cannot pats each other without great Inconvenience and Danger; and that the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, unless some Provision be made for raising Money to be applied for those Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report tire fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Hou-fe:

And it is referred to Mr. Prowje* Mr. Symonds* ‘Mr*-Kynaston* Mr. Lyster, Mr. Martin* Sir John Philipps* Mr. Affleck* Mr. Herne* Mr. Fuller, Mr. Nezvnham* Sir Charles Mor daunt* Mr. Calvert* Sir John Turner* Mr. Bolton* Mr. Cartwright* Mr. Walpole* Air. Foley* Mr. Biore* Lord Viliiers* Sir John Blor daunt* Mr. Smith, Mr. Colleton* Mr. Bat hit rft, Mr. Sandys* Mr. Bankes, Mr. Chester* Mr. Gore* Sir William Ir-by* Mr. Felloives* Mr. Hume* Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Palmer* Mr. Hobart* Mr. Comcwal!* Mr. Hozvard* Mr. Gybbon* Mr. Fenton* Air. Hardinge* Mr. Cocke* Air. Drake* Mr. Northey, Mr. Bacon* Mr. Harbord* Mr. Recorder of London* Sir Walter Blackett* Sir James Creed* Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Dicker* Sir Cordel Fire brace. Sir Francis Poole* Sir John Cust* Mr. Ofbaldefton* Sir Nicholas Bayly; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of SomerJ'et* Wilts* Gloucester* and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s

frome

Road*

Kfd House near Doncaftef Road.

30 Geo. II. 130Decembris.

Speaker’s Chamber t And hive Power to lend for Per-Ions, Papers, and JRecords.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Trader, and Owners and Occupier of Lands, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the Tjuftccs appointed to put in Execution 'Two Acts of Parliament passed in the 14th Year of the iie'gn of his present Majesty, the one of them intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from a Place called Red House, near Dcncaster, to Wakefield, anc! through the hid Town of Wakefield, by Dewjbmy High Town, and Lighlchf}\ to the 1 own of Halifax, in the West lLcling of the County of York; and the other intituled, An Act for repaying the Roads from Wakifield to Pon-tefrait, and from thence to a Place called Wecland, in 1 i.ve Township of Hen [nit, and from PontefraEl to Went-bridge> in the Township of Darringtcn, in the West Riding of the County of York; was presented to the House, and read; ferting forth. That the Trustees rc-lpecuveiv appointed to put the said several Acts in Execution have borrowed divers considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; and have applied the fame, together with the Money arising by the said "Polls, actoiding to the Directions of the said Acts; notw'nhtlaiK.i;.g which, many Parts of the said Roads are, in the Winter Seaton, in a bad Condition; and t.«at liu:!i Parts thereof as have been amended, will in a fhert time become ruinous again, if constant Care be not taken to keep the same in Repair; anc! alleging, that the Reparation of the said Roads cannot be completed, nor the Money borrowed and owing on the Credit of the said Acts respectively be repaid, without increasing the Tolls upon the said Roads, and enabling the Trustees to borrow further Sums of Money by more expeditious and easy Methods than are provided by the said former Acts, and without vesting in them, or other Trustees, Pome further Powers; and that the repairing effectually, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, will be very useful and beneficial to Trade in general, and to the Land-owners and Inhabitants of many Parts of the said West Riding in particular: And therefore paying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Tolls, and enlarging the Teims and Powers, granted by the said several Acts; and for making the same more effectual for finishing the Reparation of the said Roads and keeping the same in Repair hereafter; or for repealing the said Acts, and granting such new Tolls, Terms, and Powers, for completing and finishing the said Roads, and keeping the same in Repair; and for enabling the Trustees in Inch new Ad to be named to pay off the Debts contracted under the said former Acts, and to raise Money for the Purposes aforesaici; and to enter into and perform such Com rads and Engagements as in such new Ad shall be mentioned; and for such other Purposes, and in such manner, and by such means, as to the Wisdom of Parliament shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear 10 them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Downey Mr. Afleck, Sir John Philippsy Mr. Fcley, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Pelham, Sir F)ancis Poole, Mr. Drake, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Corneivall, Lord Shelburne, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Hume, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Townfi.end, Mr. DoJington, Mr. Lee, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Stanhope, Sir Cor-del Fire hr ace, Mr. Jniyns, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bond, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Campbell, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gy boon, Mr. Finch, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Ha-ta lk on+ Mr. IVefiy Mr. Curzon, Mr. BraJJey, Mr. Felbow es, Sir George Lee, Mr. 0Indus; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West mor eland, and Lancaster: Arid

Vqi. 27.

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fice of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records;

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in and about the Town of Ten bury, in the Counties of Salop, Wore efl er, and Hereford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, wa^ presented to the House, and read; setting forth,.That the Roads leading from a Gate called the Know Ie Gait, adjoining to the Else Hill, in the Parish of Bur ford, in the County or Salop, down a Lane called the Park Lane, by the Refs and Crown, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Ludlow towards the Town of I'cnbury, in the County of kVorceficr, and from Team Bridge through the said Town of Pen bury, and a Lane called Prefi Acre Lane, and from thence through Sutton to a Mill called Kyre Mill, in the said County c.iWorcefier', and also the Road leading from the said down of Tenbury, through the Old Wood Letup and over the Old Wood Common, to the Raddle Bank Hill, and from thence to Stockton Cross, in the County of Hereford, are become so ruinous, that Travellers cannot pass without great Danger; nor can the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in Repair by ihe Laws now in being; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Herbert, Mr. Finch, Mr. Martin, Mr. Northey, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Lascelles. Mr. Hope, Mr. BraJJey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bond, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bold, Sir Nicholas Bayly, Mr. Harley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir Williatyi Irby, Mr. Gajhry, Sir John Armitage, Mr. OIndus, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Morton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Culvert, Mr. Manners, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Hunter, Mr. More, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Wi/kinfcn, Mf. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Wcfiphaling, Lord Bateman, Mr. Webb, Mr. Ojlaldefion, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Bertie; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Salop, Worcester, Hereford, Gloucester, and the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the ("lock/ in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Priors Hardwick, in the County of Warwick, and Patron of the Vicarage of Priors Hardwick, of the Impropriator, of the Vicar, and Incumbent, of the Parish Church there, and of the Freeholders, Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the open and common Fields of Priors Hardwick aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners arefeifed or poiicftcdof several Freehold Estates in the said open and common Fields, which lie intermixed and dispersed over the whole Fields in small Parcels; by means whereof great Inconveniences do arile to the Proprietors and Occupiers of the said Lands, by continual Trespaftes, surcharging of Commons, inconve-niency of Agriculture, and other Disorders; and that the same are incapable of Improvement in their present Situation: And alleging, that the said common and open Fields are very fit and proper to be inclosed, and would be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners thereof, if the same were inclosed, and divided: into just Allotments: And therefore praying, That the I Joule will give Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open and common Fields of Priors Hardwick aforesaid, according to every Person’s Right in the lame.

7 X Ordered,

Tenburjr

Hoads.

Hardwifck

Inclosure.

Exportation or Corn, See.

Qu artcring of foreign Troops.

Supply.

Bury St. Edmund*! Wjit.

Accounts of East India . Goods.

630 130 — 14 0 Dec 1756.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cartwrigh, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, was read a Second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of ti e whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make Provision for the quartering of foreign Troops: And that the Lord Barrington Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday Sevennigiit, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself, into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis,i+° die Decembris;

Anno 30° Georgii Regis, 1756.

PRAYIBS.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do ifiiie his Warrant 1 to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury St. Edmund, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the right honourable William Stanhope Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Petersham, now Earl of Harrington, called up to the House of Peers.

The House being informed, That some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

NJ x. An Account of prohibited East India Goods brought into the East India Warehouses in St. Helen's, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1755; also what have been exported from that time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1756: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited India Goods brought into the East India Warehouses in //,

Fenchurch Street, and Billiter Lane, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1755; also what have been exported from that time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1756: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London at Michaelmas 1755, what have been since brought 18

in, what exported, as also what remained at Michacimat 1756 ’ And also,

, N°4. A11 Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Ouf-ports, at Michaelmas 1755; what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1756: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Helens, Leaden! all, Fenchurch Street, Bi Lane, and Custom-

house, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1755, in order to be dyed, glazed, &c.; what have been returned, and what remained out of the said Warehouses at Michaelmas 1736: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1735, to Michaelmas 1756: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the several Ports of England commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas <755, to Michaelmas 1756: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged, and ailo what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported in the Year 1756:

And then they withdrew.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon cheTable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds and Greens, in the Manor and Parish of Priors Hardwick, in the County of Warwick: And the fame was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That Mr. Bigge, from the Commissioners and Trustees appointed for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, lor laying out, making, and keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of to the Town of

NewcqjUe upon Tyne, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act,

A Book, intituled, " 1756 — Copies of all the Orders " and Acts of the Commissioners and Trustees, and also " the Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of " George Blamire Gentleman, Treasurer to and for the " said Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act, pafl'ed in the " Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying out, making, and " keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of " Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the " Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, so far as the same relates " to or concerns that Part of the said Road which lies in the County of Cumberland And also,

A Book, intituled — " The Twelfth Account of the " Receipts and Disbursements of John Tiveddel Gentleman. Clerk and Treasurer to and for the Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act, pafl’ed in the Twenty-fourth " Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for laying out, making, and keeping in

" Repair

Naval

Stores.

Greenland

f\flury»

A Memta talus OattN.

Ha id wick Iaciolure.

CarVifle

Road

Supply.

Usual Estimates and Accounts ordered.

Durand*!,

J\at.

30 Geo. II. 14" — 15®

" Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and " Carriages from the City of to the Town of

" Newcastle upon Tyne,(b far as the same relates to or " concerns that Part of the said Road which lies in the " County of Northumberland."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are prel'erved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday Seven-night, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Re-solution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Besolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradiceute, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1757, with the Half-pay Officers of the Navy, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1757,

said before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1757* be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half-pay for the Year 1757, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of Out-pensioners of Chejea Hospital, for the Year 1757.

Then a Member, returned upon anew Writ, took the Oaths, and made and iuhscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

On/cTcv/, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1756 have been dispoied of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ending at the 5th Day of 1756, and the 10th Day of October 1736, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the AggregateFund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Molt honourable Privy Council.

A Petition of John Baptist Durand and Bartholomew Rilliet was presented to the House, and read; praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring a . Bill, ac-Voi. 27.

Decenibris. 63 i

cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fellowes, and Mr. Benjamin Bathurst do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to make Provision for the quartering of foreign Troops: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refohed That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the B'll be now read a Second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to he limited, the Exportation of Com, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Samuel Martin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Samuel Marlin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 150 die Anno 30® Georgii (IIdi Regis, 1736. Prayers.

MR. Feiiowes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Baptist Durand and Bartholomew Rilliet: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the reverend Thomas , Clctk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Francis Barnard, Doctor in Divinity, and Reef or of the Parish of Saint Bartholomew the Little, near the Royal Exchange, London, did, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the 10th Day of May 1750, give and devise all his Freehold and Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whatsoever and wheresoever, to the Use of the Petitioner, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, if he should so long live; and, from and after the Expiration, or sooner Determination, of the said Term, to the Use of Trustees in the said Will mentioned, in Trust, to support and preserve thecontingent Remainders thereof by him devised from being defeated or destroyed; and by his said Will did direct, that the Petitioner, as well as such other Persons as shall have and take his said Freehold and Copyhold Estates, shall, as they respectively come into Possession thereof, take upon him and them the Surname of Barnard-, and that the Petitioner is willing and desirous

to take and use the Surname of , and that the fame maybe establishedon him and his Issue by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Feiiowes and Mr. Edward Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously

Quartering of foreign Troops.

Exportation of Coro, &c.

I>urahd’s,

&c.

Nat.

Collier’*

Same.

Answer to Address for Intimate*.

Lj

6 XI I £° Decembris.

ciously p’eafo.d to give Directions, that the F.ftimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, mi?;!it be laid before this f loufe, had been prel'ented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Exportation Mr. Samuel Ala'/in.according to Order, reported from ° Ac"0' the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they lud directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Provisions of the Bill shall not extend to prohibit-the Exportation of Beans to Africa.

And the same was brought up.

A Member And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having ukes Oath, taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; Exportation The laid Clause was twice read; and, being, amended, of Corn, Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the &c’ House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply. The House, according to Order, relblved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That lie w^s directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

lXefAved, That this House wii!, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Home, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read; '

T he House relblved itfc’.f into a Committee of the Qn’rtering whole House, upon the Bill to make Provision for the CL, quartering of foreign Troops.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Thomas Gore accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupori, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and Anry other his Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 1757: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Gibraltar, for the Year 1757: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1757.

And the Titles of the fair] Estimatcs were read.

And the said Estimates arc as followeth; viz.

15° Decembrist

30 Geo. II.

33

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain,

for the Year 1757.

First Tnoop of Life Guards Second Ditto -Horse. First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second Ditto -

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

First Regiment q( Dragoon Guards Second Ditto- -

Third Ditto -

Royal Regiment of Dragoons -Lieutenant General CampbelFs -Earl of Albemarle's -Sir Robert Rich's

Lieutenant General Chojmondeley s Sir John Cope's

Sir John Mot daunt*s -Earl of Ancram's -

l>xagoans./

Foot.

Invalids.

r First Regiment of Foot Guards -Coldjtrecm Regiment of Foot Guards Third Regiment of Foot Guards Colonel Howard's*Regiment Colonel Dwoure's -Lieutenant General Wolfe's Major General Boclcnd s -Lieutenant General Skelton's Lord George Beauclerk's Colonel Kingsley's -Lieutenant General Hujke'%

Colonel Cornzvcdlis's

Major General Holmes's

Colonel Leizhtons -

Lord Charles Hay’s -

Ear! of Effingham's

Lord Robert Manners’s

Major General Stuart’s

Lord George Bentinck’

Colonel Tor he’s -

Colonel Atnherji's -

Major General Fols -

Earl of Home's

Lieutenant General Anfiruther's Ear! of Loudoun's Colonel Hodgfons -

Major General Napier's -Colonel Lambton's -Lord Charles Manners's Colonel Anjlruther's

f Colonel Parsons's Regiment

41 Independent Companies

Garrisons, with Fire and Candle Contingencies upon Account

War-Office, 15 "December 1756.

Toial - -

Numbers. ’ H J J Pay of the t, ] E3 P roops ami Regiments, for 365 Days.

£ s. d.

181 - - i7.$o5 3 4

181 - 17.$°5 3 4

*77 - 10,870 18 4.

*7$ - io.743 3 4;

418 - , 30,571 1.5 10

T 10 4

1 '

642 - 29,335 7 1

453 - 20,903 17 1

453 - 20,903 17 1

' W - 20,903 17 1

4 53 - 20,903 17 1

453 20,903 17 1 ,

453 - . - 20,903 17 1

453 - 20,903 17 1

453 - 20,903 17 1

453 - 20,903 17 1

453 T *7 O 20,903 17 1

5*1/2

2,285 - 55,410 — 10

1,468 - - 35,946 8 4

1,408 - 36,001 3 4

1,629 - 29,902 1^2 6

L$29 - 29,902 12 6

1,629 - 29,902 1 6

1,629 - 29,902 12 6

1,629 - 29,902 12 6

1,629 - 29,902 12 6

1,629 - 29,902 12 6 -

1,629 - 29,902 12 6

1,6.9 - 29,902 12 6

1,629 - 29,902 12 6

1,629 - 29,902 12 6

1.629 29,902 12 6

1,629 - 29,902 12 6

1,629 - 29,901 12 6

1,629 - 29,902 12 6

815 - 15,217 9 2

8l5 - 15,217 9 2

815 - 15,217 9 2

8i5 - 15>217 9 2

8.5 - 15,217 9 2

8i5 - 15,217 9 2

815 - 15,217 9 2

8,5 i5>217 9 2

815 - 15,217 9 2

815 - 15,217 9 2

8,5 15,217 9 2

815 39.43* 15.217 9 2 r

75J 12.583 7 6

3.253 m m 49»754 1 3

A OO/ B u

- - 37,132 2 11

" 30,000 — —

- - 49.74 V" '

TOTAL.

1 tuil-m

c- 1

87.39$ 4

238.37317 "

758,306 to —

62.337 8 9

67,132 2 11

1,213,746 3 9

Barrington.

Vox.. 27.

ESTI.

634 15* Decembris.1756.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, and , for the Year 1757.

In the PLANTATIONS.

Colonel Ross's Regiment

Colonel Hop fori 1 -

Major General tVarbur torts

Colonel Waljh's -

Lieutenant General Ofttwjr’s -

Lord Murray's -

Royal American Regiment

Major General OffarrelTs

Four Companies at New York

One Company at Bermudas -

One Company in the Island of Providence -

Three Companies at South Carolina -

Garrisonsat Annapolis Royal, , Placentia, and St,

John's -

Officers serving with the Forces in North America Officers of the Hospital for the Forces in North America Contingencies upon Account -

At GI

Lieutenant General Guise's Regiment-Lieutenant General -

Colonel Jeffery’s -Earl of Panmure's -

Lord Robert Bertie's -

Colonel Whitmore's -

Colonel Campbell's -Colonel Arabia's -

Officers of the Garrison,

Provisions for Colonel Hopfon's Regiment at Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, deducting per Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and private Man towards that Expence:

Remains to be borne by the Government -Provisions for Major General Warburton’s Regiment at Nova Scotia -

Provisions for Major General OffarelPs Regiment -Provisions for the Regiments at Gibraltar -Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence -

Numbers.

815

815

Vs

015

8*5

I*5 815

815

War Office, the 15th Decemb, 1756,

Total - -

Barrington.

12,522

6,520

9*042

Pay of the Regiments, for 365 Days.

15,217

20.175

20.175

*5*3 81

20.175

20*175

r.

9

7

7

*4

7

7

2

6

6

2

6

6

80,957-----

15,217 9 2

7*41

1,049

2,466

5.830

16

7

*5

*7

8

6

10

6

*5.2*7 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

*5,217 9 2

*5,38* *4 2

15,217 9 2

*5,2*7 9 2

*5,2*7 9 2

3,843 2 11

2 II

3*843 2,839 7

48,000-----

456 5 —

TOTAL

£ L d.

223,964-----

2,870 12 6 7*345 12 6 2,691 17 6

2,000-----

121,903 18 4 4.205 17 3

58,981 18 9

423,963 16 10

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1757.

L- For 36? Day*.

A* '

General and General Staff Officers .....43»5°* IO

Officers of the Hospitals - - . " " 3*558 *5

War Office, £-47»o6o 15 10

15 December, 1756, '

Barrington.

Ordered,

30 Geo. II. 150 — 1 6°635

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 16* Decembris;

Anno 30* Gcojgii IIdi Regis, 1756. PXATEKJ.

MR. Edward Herbert reported from the Committee,

M to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Free-

oa " holders, and Inhabitants, in and about the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, and Hereford,

whose Names are thereunto fubi'eribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Joseph Slone, being examined, said, That he knows the Roads leading from a Gate called the Knowle Gate, adjoining to the Ciee Hill, in the Parish of in the County of Salop, down a Lone called the Park Lane, by the Rose and Crown, to the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Ludlow towards the Town of Ten bury, in the County of Worcester, and from Team Bridge, through the said Town of Tenbury, and a Lane called Acre Lane, and from thence through a Mill called Kyre

Mill, in the said Count) of Worcester; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Tenbury through the Old Wood Lane, and over the Old Wood Common to the Raddle Bank Hill, and from thence to Stockton Cross, in the County of Hereford; and that, by reason of the many heavy Carriagei passing thereon, are become deep and ruinous, that Travellers cannot pass without great Danger; and that the Laws in being are insufficient effectually to amend and keep the same in Repair.

The above Evidence was confirmed by Simon Payne. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford: And that Mr. Edward Herbert, the Earl of Egmont, and Mr. Bridgman, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Accounts The House being informed, That the Chamberlain of from the the City of London attended at the Door;

London*0 was c*i'e(J *n > and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans, and o’her Creditors, of the City of London, on the 5th Day of 1756: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid in pursuance of the Act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the Passage over and through London Bridge, from 24th Day of June exclusive, to 14th Day oiD 1756, inclusive. And then be withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other ' Papers of this Session.

Accounts The House being informed, That Mr. Cawne, Clerk from the to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, at-Mercers tended at the Door;

Company. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Paper, intituled," The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the MCity of London, from the 10th of October 1755, to " the 10th of October 1756, directed to be laid before Vox. 27.

" each House of Parliament by an Act, passed in the "21st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the " Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers " of the City of London,"

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Fellowes presented to the House, according to Or- Collier's der, a Bill to enable the reverend Thomas Collier Clerk, Name, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to make Provision for the Quartering Quartering of foreign Troops, was read the Third time. Troops*11

Resolved, Hemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pals:

And that the Title be, An Act to make Provision for the Quartering of the foreign Troops in his Majesty’s Service, now in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited. Exportation the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, o'Coin, Biscuit, and Starch, was read the Third time. c*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Martin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply, Committtee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; are are as followeth

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Fifty-five thousand Men lie employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 1757, including Eleven thousand Four hundred and Nineteen Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Fifty-five thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, w*y»and relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean* consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider High of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Price of Corn and Bread for the future; and to report the same Corn, &c. to the House with all convenient Speed:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Philipps,

Lord Mayor of London, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Colleton, Lord Shelburne,

Mr. Hardinge, Lord Egmont, Mr. Prozvfe, Lord VII-Hers, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. EHis, Mr. Honeywood, Mr. Stanley, Mr. He-wett, Lord GuernfeySir Charles daunt, Mr. Martin. Mr. Hu fey, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr.

Brand, Mr. Ward, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. White,

Mr. Churchill, Mr. Vernon, Sir Edward Turner, Sir John CroJJ'e, Sir James Creed, Mr. Bacon, Sir William

Calvert,

636 16° — 170 r 7 5 6.

Calvert, Mr. LyJItr, Mr. Rigby- Mr. Sargent, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Gore, General Conway, Mr. Foner can, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Mr. P/timer,

Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Morton, Lord Gage, Mr. Bru-denell. Sir John Cujf, Mr. BagMr. More, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Affleck, Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Hanger, Sir And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Veneris, 170 die Dec cm hr is;

Anno 30* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1756. PuAYtRS.

OHN Baptist Durand and Bartholomew Riliiet took the Oaths appointed, in ordcF to their Naturalization.

Earlftone A Petition of John Ambrose Esquire, Lord of the Mane oure. nor c£ £(jrjj}oue^ jn tj>e parish Gf Burghctear e, in the County of Southampton, in behalf of himself, and several others, Owners and Proprietors of several common, open, ^nd arable Fields in the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the said Fields consist of 597 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands of the several Owners and Proprietors thereof lie intermixed and difperted in small Parcels; and are therefore, in a great measure, incapable of Improvement: That the Petitioner is Iciled of great Part of the Lands lying in the said Fields: That the honourable Robert Herbert Esquire, is Patron of the Rettory of the said Pari 111, Thomas Lisle Doctor in Divinity, is Rector and Incumbent thereof, and intiiled 10 all Tythes of Corn, Grain, Hay, and Wool, within the said Fields; and that the said Thomas Lijley the Dean and Canons of the irec Chapel of Satnt George at Windsor, and ti e Mayor and Aldermen of the Town of Newbury, in the County of Berks, are, together with the Petitioner, possessed of about 573 Acres of the said Lands, and arc tlefireus that the same may be inclosed; and that James Hunt Esquire, now is, or lately was, Owner of the remaining Part of the said Lands; and that if the said Fields were inclosed, and Allotments made to the several Proprietors, in proportion to their rc-lpe&ive Interests therein, the same would tend to their mutual Advantage: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Fields, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to biing in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Webb, Mr. O Indus y and Mr. Gybbon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

w n ' fttt The House being informed, That Mr. Seddony from bridge. the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

.. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Act$ of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, from the 18th Day of November 1755, to the 14th Day cf December *756, inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners for building Wefmtrfter Bridge, from the 10th Day of October 1755, to the 10th Day of October 1756.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State And Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

17

The said Books are preserved arr.or.gft the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Dozvtte presented to ‘the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosinga certain Piece of Pasture Ground, called Whit gift Pasture, in the County of York, and for giving a Compensation, in lieu of Tythes, to the Impropriator of the Rectory of Whit gift aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House,. That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Robert A 'eve-matt did, in or about the Month of June 1756, begin to erect a Building, and set up several Polls and Rails, upon a Waste in the Manor of Melford, in the County of Suffolk, being the Etlate and Possession of Sir Cordel Firebraci Baronet, a Member of this House; and did proceed with and finish such Building, and doth still continue to maintain and keep up the fame, although Norice was given him to deli ft by the said Sir Cordel Firebracey whom lie abused and treated in a most infclent manner.

Ordered, That it be referred to t he Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Prcwfe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of the Towns of Frame, in the County of Some:set, and War* minster, in the County of Wilts, and Parts adjacent, whole Hands are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth,; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Joseph Singer and Mr. John French laid. That the Road leading from the House of Mr. Robert B/eek in IVanvdnfter aforesaid, to a Public 1 Joule on Mendipycalled Tattle House, and the Road leading from the Bridge in Egg ford, to the Water in Mundercomb Bottom, and the Roads from the Sevan Inn, and from the Dweiling-houic late of Mr. John Ford in Frame aforesaid, to Mart cry Bridge, and the Road from IVallbridge, in the Pc-ilh of Frome^to the Nag’s Head in Chapmanjlade. in the County of Wilts, and the Road from t lie Ship Alelnufe in Frcmcy to a Close called Lippeat in the Road from Frame to Shrp-ton Mallet, and so much of the Road leading from War mirfter, through Lockflane and Keyford, towards Shepton Mallet, as lies between an Alehouse called the Castle and Arch, in the P.irish of Frome, awd a Lane in the same Pa-rilli, called Water Lane, arc in a veiy ruinous Condition, and in many Places so narrow that Carriages cannot pais each otli t without great Danger; and that the same cannot be clTectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town offromc, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr. Prozifey Mr. Grosveuor, and Sir Richard Warwick Bampfy/Jey do prepare, and bring in, the Ume.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved it fell into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chau*.

Mr. Charlton took the Cl air of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cha:r.

Mr. Chariton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they uad directed hmi to report, when the Housewill please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

Incloiuic.

Privilege*

Frome

Roads.

W.-yi and fticao-

18° Decemb

30 Geo. II. if —

Estimate

of

German

Troops.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of 8,605 Foot of the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great , from the 25th

December 1756, to the 24th February 1757* *n‘

elusive, being 62 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of 6,;44 Foot of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hepin the Pay of Great Britain, from the 45th December 1756 to the 24th February 1757, fotli in elusive, being 62 Days.

And the Titles of the said Estimatcs were read.

The laid Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 8,603 Foot of the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from 25th December 1756, to the 24th February 1757, both inclusive, being Days.

Numbers. w-»

The Pay of Twelve Battalions of Foot ----- 8,605 25,570 17 4

The Pay of the General and Staff Officers ----- - 1,504 8 x

The Pay of the Train of Artillery - -- -- - 5>*5‘ 4 5

498 11 8

War-Office, 17 December, 1756. Total Barrington. - - £ 33,025 1 6

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 6,514 Foot of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hep Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th December 1756, to the 24th 1757, both inclusive, being 62 Days.

— - — . Numhers t‘ s. e.

The Pay of Eight Battalions of Foot ----- i 6,544 20,024 19 4

The Pay of the General and Staff Officers - ----- - 911 *5 9

2,399 2 10

War-Office, 17 December, 1756. Total Barrington. £ 2J.335 *7

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perviled by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

Exportation The L.ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of to prohibit for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of rn> &e' Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch,

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sab bati, 18° die Decembris;

Anno 30* Georgii ll*1 Regis, 1756.

P R A Y E R S.

AM ESSAG E from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and

Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

Cramer’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Name. enable Oliver Cramer Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of puffuant to the

Will of Alarmadu keLog El quire, deceased, and to

bear the Family Arms of Coghill: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefler.gers withdrew.

Way* Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

»*d Mean?. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Vol. 27.

to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

granted to his Majesty, ike Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio.veth; viz.

Resolved, That it is tire Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no mere, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1757, upon Lancia, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pension', Offices, and personal Eaates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick tipm Tweedy and rhat a proportionable Ceft, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put therelipon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, the Lord Duncannon, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr.

Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message by Mr. Quarmt, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Ko/aM/fent Commission for declaring his royal Afient to several Acts, 3 to agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the Houte of Peers:

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported* That the House, at (he Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Com-

yZ million

638 i80 — 20° Decembris. . 1756.

million aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission, under the Great Seal, was read; giving, declaring, and notifying, the royal Afl'ent to several public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Loid Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Prefulent of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the royal Affect to the said Bills: And that the Lord Privy Seal, the Duke of Dorset, and the Lord Sandys, named in the said Commission; did accordingly declare and notify the royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to make Provision for the quartering of the foreign Troops in his Majesty’s Service, now in this Kingdom:

An Act to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch.

Cramer’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Name. enable Oliver Cramer Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and ul'e the Surname of Cog hill, pursuant to the Will o{ ManvadukeCoghillE (quire, deceased, and to bear

the Family Arms of Coghiwas read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lunte, 20° die Decembris;

Anno 30* Georgii IlJi Regis, 1736.

Prayers.

Durand, A B I L L for naturalizing John Durand and

il Bartholomew Ri/liet, was read a Second time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Med, Mr. Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Nerthey, Mr. CartwrighMr. Coventry, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Rv.Shout, Mr. Powney, Lord Mr.

Crowle, Mr. Banks, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Mr.

Wigley, Mr. Vor non, Mr. , Sir John Mr.

Charlton, Mr, Recorder of London, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Colebrouke, Sir Willoughby Act on, Mr Mr Mr. Bacon, Mr. Locke, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Barrow, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Aid-worth, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Sharpe, Sir George Daljlons, Mr Jenyns, Mr. Romney, Mr Sir Cor del Ft retrace,

Mr. Scott, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Mr. Lord

Verney, Sir George Lee, Mr. Walter, Mr. Mr.

Gore, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Walpole, General Onslow, Lord George Manners, Lord Villiers, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Hume, Sir William Courtenay, Lord Guernsey, Mr. WilkAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Supply Bill; Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Or-Land Tax. der, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1757; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

High Price Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of Mr. James

°* orn‘ Colebrooke, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. George

brooke, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. George , Sir "John Barnard, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Cartivright, Mr. Edward Vernon, be added to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of proper l’rovilions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future; and to report the same to the House, with all convenient Speed.

Burchester Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, accord-lnclcfure. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and indofxng the com-15

mon Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Townlliip of Burchester, otherwise Burcefcr, otherwise Biffiter,

Market End, in the County of Oxford-, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain common Meadows, common P. (lures, and inclosed Grounds, in the said Township: A.nd the same was received.

A Bill to enable the reverend "Thomas Collier Clerk, and his blue, to take and use the Surname of Barnard, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fel/owes, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Cv.fr, Mw Coventry, Mr. Come-wail, Mr. Barrozv, Sir John Philipps, Mv. More, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bar Lor, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mediycctt, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Martin, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Batkurfl, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Prowse, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Charles Mcrdaunt, Mr. AJJvck, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Probyn, Mr. // iU.in/bn, S ir Willoughby Act on. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. OfaUujpon, Mr. Gere, Mr# Plunger, Mr. Poveney, Mr. Smith, Mr. Courtenay, Sir George Lee, Mr. Drake, Sir John Wynne, Mr. hnukes, Mr. Grifiow, Mr. Hume, Mr. Lafcelled, Mr. Gitfon, Mr. Marton, Mr. Mo/yneux, Mr I1/ebb, Mr. Ycrke, Mr. Grjkry, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Montagu, Lord Egmvnt, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Never.ham, Mr. Fuller, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Moore, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Bnidenell, Mr. Onnius, Mr. Townf-hend, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Planter, Mr. liar dirge, Mr. Ellis: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds and Greens, in the Manor and Panin of Priors PPard-wick, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Tint the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Paler daunt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. P^rowfe, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Armine IVodchouse, Mr. Moore, Sir John Cust, Mr. Smith, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Powney, Sir CorJel Firebrace, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Fe Howes, Mr Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr Bacon, Mr. Morton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Aldworth, Sir John Crofje, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Rowney, Sir William Moreton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Walter, Mr. Townshend, Mr. L^, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Amy-and. Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Pinney, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Courtenay, Lord MPa!pas. Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Craven, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Gro%e, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Harris, Mr. Freeman-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, and Leiccfer: And they are'to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the.Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the gross Produce of the Duty of Twenty Shillings laid on Licences for selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from the Commencement of the said Duty to the Second Day of December 1756 , together with an Account of the Charges of collecting the said Duty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the gross Produce of the Duty of Twenty Shillings laid on Licences for selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the Commencement of the said Duty to the Second Day of December 1756; together with an Account of the Charges of collecting the said Duty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the gross Produce of the additional Duty laid on Cards and Dice in the last Session of Parliament, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from the Commencement of the said Duty to the Second Day of December 1756;

together

Collier’s

Name.

Hardwick

Inclosure.

Accounts; AlcLictnccr

Datv on Cards, *c.

Pu:y on Plate.

Stafford

County

Writ.

Privilege.

Supply.

March, oc c. Drainage.

30 Geo. II. 200 — 21

together with an Account of the Charges of collecting the said Duty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the gross Produce of the additional Duty laid on Cards and Dice* in the last Session of Parliament, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the Commencement of the said Duty to the Second Day of December 1756; together with an Account of the Charges of collecting the said Duty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the gross Produce of the Duty laid on Silver Plate in the last Session of Parliament, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from the Commencement of the said Duty to the Second Day of December 1756; together with an Account of the Charges of collecting the said Duty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the grors Produce of the Duty laid on Silver Plate in the last Session of Parliament, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the O mmencement of the laid Duty to the Second Day of December 1756; together with an Account of the Charges of collecting the said Duty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ lor the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament Hr the County of Stafford, in the room of the honourable William Levffun Gower Esquire, deceased.

A Comp’ains being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Charles Woods, a Servant and Keeper to the most honomabL James Brxdges Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Carnarvon, a Member of this House, has been arreded, and committed to Ncugate, where he now remains, by virtue of an Attachment issued out of the Duchy Court 0iLancn/lcr, upon the Application of Thomas Nutria//, an Attorney, and served upon the said Charles Woods by John Lomax, William Whitehead. and Daniel SatchueeH, as special Bailiffs:

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Mat ter of the said Complaint *, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, rul'dve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Mart is, 210 die;

Anno 30° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1736. Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying within the Bounds and Precincts of the several To.vnships or Ii ;hcts of March and WiaibUngton, and in the Parish of VpmcH, within the Isle of Ely, in the Counryot Candriffe^ in bclidfof them-ieives, and the red of the Land Owners there, was presented to the House, and read; fcUing forth, That the Low Grounds, Commons, and Fen Lands, lying within the said Bounds and Precincts, arc overflowed for want of substantial Banks to keep the Winers out, as they de-feend from the high Countries, in Times of great Rains and Floods, and of proper Dram:, for discharging the Land Wafers to their Outfall at Sea; by which means the said Linds are greatly dinnniihcd in their Value; and, unless forne speedy Method be provided, will, as it is apprehended, be totally holt, or rendered of little Value to the Petitioners; and iurafmuchas the same cannot be VOL. 27.

' Decembris. 639

drained and preserved, so as to restore them to their real Value, without the Aid of Parliament: therefore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill to impower the Petitioners to imbank anddrain the said Lands; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Mr. Cocks, Mr.

Plamer, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Finch, Mr. Mr.

Tovcnjhend, Si x John Cvjl, Mr. Webb, Mr. Mr.

Bridgman, Mr. Cartwright, Sir James Creed, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Provfe, Lord Dupphn, Mr. Morton, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. White, Mr. John Torke, Mr. More,

Mr. John Gore, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Duncamon, Mr. Alar tin, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Chat lion, Mr.

Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Kent, Mr. Sir

Calvert, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr.

Henry Pelham, Sir Francis Poole, Ms. Ridley, Mr. Bagot, Sir John Barnard, Mr . Lyjier, Mr Lord Guern-

Jey, Mr. Lee, Mr. Walpole, Mr. , Mr. James

Colebrooke, Mr. IVhichcot, Mr and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Lincoln: A nd they are to meet this Arterncon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Township of otherwise Burcester, otherwise Biffiter, End, in the County or Oxford; and for extinguishing all Bight of Common in certain common Meadows, common Pastures, and inclosed Grounds, in the said Township; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of NewcnJUeunder Lyne, in the County of Staf-

ford, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the Mileries and Hardships to which the poorer Sort are reduced by the present high Price of Provisions; and alleging, that the present Dearnels of Corn is not, as the Petitioners apprehend", occasioned by a real Scarcity of that Article in their Neighbourhood or County, but by an artificial Scarcity, created by the Millers and Badgers, to whom it has, for tome time part, been almost a general Practice, in the said County, for the Farmers to lell their Corn at their own Houses, instead of bringing it to Market: Tha,t the Millers grind theirs into Flour, which they fell out wholesale, mixing it with pernicious Ingredients of a lower Value; That the Badgers bring their Corn to Market, but by confederating among!? themselves to expose to Sale but small Quantities at a time, by buying up what little the Farmers yet bring to Market, before those, that want it for their own life, can supply themselves; and, by many other Contrivances, have brought it up to the exorbitant Price it now bears, which the Poor are obliged to p3y, as they cannot pofii-bly be supplied from any other Persons: That, if these Practices are suffered to continue, the Petitioners believe that all Kinds of Grain will soon be at a much higher Price than they are even at present; and further representing to the House, that when Farmers brought their Corn, and other Produce of their Farms, to Market, and there fold them to the Consumer, all such Commodities were at a reasonable Price; and that it is undoubtedly the Interestof a trading Nation to take care that the useful and industrious Manufacturer may be furnished with a Subsistence, for himself and his Family, upon moderate Terms; by which means the Price of Labour will be kept down, and the Petitioners shall be able to underfed their Rivals at foreign Markets: And therefore hoping that the House will take the Premises into their moll lerious Considera-

tion.

Burcheltfr,

&c.

luclosure.

High Price ot Corn.

640 "2i° — 22° Decembris. A, 1756*

tion, and provide such Remedy as shall be thought most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future; and to report the same to the House with all convenient Speed.

Tattle A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and I inhabitants, House living or redding in or near the Road leading from a Roads. Place called Tattle Houseto a Place called The Beacon upon AlendipHills, in the Hoad lo the City of 'Wells, in the County of Somerset, and the Road leading from Murder comb Bottom to the Town of and the Road from

AIartery Bridge to Bucklan d,in the same County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was prefepted to the House, and read; taking Notice, Thar a Petition has been presented to the House, fora Bill for repairing the Roads leading out of the Town of Frome, therein particularly described; and alleging, that the Roads from Tattle House to the Beacon on Hills, and from Murder-

comb Bottom to the said Town of Aand from Murtery Bridge to Burfclaarf aforesaid, are joining to the Roads in the said Petition mentioned and described, and are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired and widened, and kepi in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing the said Roads from Tattle House to the Beacon on Aleudip Hills, and from Murder-comb Bottom to Shells aforesaid, and Murtery Bridge to Bucklandaforesaid, or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Mr.

Lyjler, Mr. Lee, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Fo ex. Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Lewis, Me. Barrow, Sir John Turner, Mr. ney, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bacon, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Walter, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Corneivall, Sir John Morgan, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Charlton, Sir Armine Wodehouse; Mr. Lowndes, Mr More, Mr. Alar tin, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Morton,

Mr. Lockyer, Mr Herbert, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bankes, Mr.

Olmius, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Drake, Mr. A or they, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gq/hry, Mr. Mr.

Symonds, Mr. Lejlie, Lord Shelburne, Sir John Sir

John Cujl, Mr. Kent, Mr. , Mr. Riclley, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Mr. Hunt, Mr. Dicker,

Mr. Bridgman, Sir John Armitage, Lord Guernsey, Sir William Calvert-, and all the Members who l'erve for the ‘ Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Devon, Dorset, Cornwall, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ten bury Mr. Edward Herbert presented to the House, accord-

Roads. ing to Order, a Bill for amending, w idening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Ten-bury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford: And the same was received: and read the First time. Refohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire aws‘ what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Armitage, Mr. West, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Lord Dupplin, Mr. brooke, Mr. Hewett, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. More, Colonel Cornwallis, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Locke, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Symonds, Mr Mr. Bar-

row, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Wigley, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Harvefi" Mr. Ellis, Mr. Webb, Mr. Kent, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Poole, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Oswald, Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Vyner, junior, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hamilton,

Mr. Olmius, Mr. Comewall, Lord Milton, Mr.

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Montagu, Sir John Cujl, Lord Guern-

fey, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. James Campbell, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Fuller, Lord North, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Fel/owes, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Gafirev, Mr. Medlycoti,

Mr. Boone, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Alderman Beckford, Mr. Lyfler, Lord Eg',nor.t, Mr. Aflleck,

Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr- Townj Lord Ala!pas.

Lord Shelburne, Mr. Herbert, Sir Roger New digate; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afier-nuon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Supply Bil Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of die k*ndTJ* Year 1757, was read a Second time.

Tiie Home was moved. That the several Clausesinan Act", made in thelaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, fort he Service of the Year 1756; and for the Re iefof the Inhabitants of the City and County of the City of Lincoln, in n !pccct of Arrears of the Land Tax; which relate to the Qualification of the Commissioners for putting the said A<fc in Execution; might be read.

And the same were read accordingly;

Resolved, That the L>iii be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Governors and Guardians of the Foundling Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, do lay Hospital. before this House, an Account how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards enabling the said Governors and Guardians to receive into the said Hospital all Children under a certain Age, to be appointed by the said Governors and Guardians, who should be brought to the said Hospital after the ill Day of June and before the ill Day of December 17>6, has been expended, what Number of Children has been received in consequence of the Lid Grant, and how' many Children are now maintained at the Expence of the said Hospital.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornin?, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuric 2 2° dieDeccmbris\

Anno 30° Georgii IIdI Regis, 1756.

Praye RS.

A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cramer'* to enable Oliver Cramer Esquire, and the Heirs of Name, his Body, to take and use the Surname of Coghill, pursuant to the Will of Marmadnke Coghill Eiiquire, deceased, and to bear the Family Arms of Coghill, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Olmius,

Mr. Medlicoit, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Wilkinson,

Sir William Calvert, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. Powney, Mr. Comewall, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. FeUowes, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Poole, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Noel, Mr. Frederick, Mr.

Mountagu, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Recorder of London, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Dave nay. Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Wort ley.

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Mr. Aldworth, Lord Egmont. Sir Nicholas Bayly, Sir John Rnjhout, Mr. Grosve-nor, Mr. Boh tin, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lijler,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Smith, Mr, Courtenay, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartvright, Mr.

Gibbons,

30 Geo. II.

a i ° — 23* Decembris.

' Mr,

ft.

'4,

1/4

I Fxlwafler’s «; Nat.

;.i, 1

‘'i

4

Durand and another’s Nat.

in

’ Supply Bill;

j Land Tax.

e

Supply.

Gibbons, Mr. Mack worth, Sir Thomas and all

the Members who lirve for the Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Frederick was presented

to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Powney and Mr. Affleck, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Durand and Bartho-

lomew Rilliet was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve i» lelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1757, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for discharging Insupers set on Account of Arrears of former Land Taxes, and for regulating the Proceedings upon such Insupers as shall be set for the future.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruiftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1755, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1757.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speak er resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations and Gibraltar, for the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 8,605 Foot of the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th December 1756, to the 24th February 1757, both inclusive, being 6a Days, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 6,544 Foot of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse in

the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th December 1756, to the 24th February 1757, both inclusive, being 62 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Voj.. 27.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Commitree.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had direifted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, the 7th Day of January next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Cor del Firebract have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Thursday Call of the 20th Day of January next. the House.

Ordered, That such Member*, as fitall not then attend, befent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 30 die Decembris;

Anno 30° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1756.

Praters.

THE Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Alder- a

men, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and of the several Inhabitants and Landholders in the Parishes of Towcester, Silverston, Whit* field, Syrefham, and Evenly, in the said County of Northampton, and ‘in the Parishes of Cot'ford, Tufmore, Stoke, the Tything of Fezvcot, Ardley, Middleton Stoney, Che-fterton, and fVefioti on the Green, in the County of Oxford, was referred, That, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mf. Thomas Yeoman, being examined, said, That he has surveyed the Road from Tozvcester, through Silverston and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney to Wefion Gate, in the County of Oxford, which is in a ruinous Condition, and in several Places very narrow; and that the same cannot be amended and widened by the ordinary course of Law.

Mr. Charles Garland said, He is well acquainted with the said Roads; and confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. G Yeoman.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Tozvcefier, through Silverston and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Wefioii Gate, in the Parish of Wefion on the Green, in the County of Oxford: And that the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Recorder of London,

Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. Eger ton, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Prozvfe reported from the Committee, to whom battle House the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, Kotd. living or residing in or near the Road leading from a Place called Tattle House to a Place called the Beacon upon Mendip Hills, in the Road to the City of Wells, in the

8 A County

230 Decembris.

A. 1756.

F«l»-nfcr’»

Nat.

Whitgift Inclosu re-

Poole

Gate

Roads.

County of Somerset, and the Road leading from comb-bottom to the Town of Shells, and the Road from Murtery Bridge to Buckland, in the same County, whole Names.are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John French laid, That he knows the Roads leading from Tattle House to the Beacon on , and

from Murdercomb-bottom to , and from Murtery Bridge to Buck land, in the County of and that

the same are in a very ruinous Condition, and in many Places very narrow, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Jet, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Place called Tattle House to a Place called the Beacon on Mendip Hills in the Road to the City and from Murder-

comb-bottom to the d own of , and from Murtery Bridge to Buckland, in the said County of Somerset.

Mr. Powneypresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Frederick And

the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pasture Ground called Whitgift in the County of

York-, and forgiving a Compensation, in lieu of Tythes, to the Impropriator of the Rectory of aforesaid,

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Downe, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Proivfe, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Powney, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Dupplm, Mr. Nor they, Sir John Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Moore, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Charlton, Lord Villiers, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Martin, Mr. Harris, Mr. More, Sir John Mr. Boone, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Molyneux, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bold, Mr. Sir Cordel Fire-

brace, Lord Carnarvon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Matthew Lord Ancram,

Mr. Leigh, Sir Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Sir

John Wynne, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Lee, Sir Armine Wode house, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gash-y, Lord Duncan-

non. Sir Thomas Robirfon, Mr. Willes, Mr. Mr.

Probyn, Mr. Ridley, Mr. C Lord Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Symonds, Sir William Owen, Mr.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland,

land, and 'Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, and all'o of several Persons residing in and near the said Town and County of Poole, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That by reason of the great Number and Extent of the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, the Trustees have not been able to make any considerable Progress in the Execution of their Trust; and that it will be extremely difficult, if not impracticable, effectually to repair all the said lloads under the Powers granted by the said Act; and that it is necessary that the Road from a Bridge called Canford Bridge, through the Town and Parish of Min-

fier, and the several Parishes of Little ' Hinton, Hinton 17

Martel, Horton, Woodland, Wimborne Saint , Ed-mmdsham, and through the Town and ParilR of Cr(inborn;, in the County of Dorset, and through Ted pit, in the Parish of Martin, in the County of Wills, to the great Western Road leading from the City of New to the Town 6 ( Bland ford Forum, should be tak; n out of

the Provisions of thel'aid Act, or be made a separate District; and that iffome other Alterations were made in the said Act, particularly for extending the Exemptions from the Payment of Tolls to certain Cattle and Carriages, the same would tend to the Benefit and Ease of all Persons residing near, or usually travelling through, the said Roads: And therefore praying the House to take thele Matters into Consideration, and to make such Provision therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Charles Toiu/shend, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Gulf!on, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr. Thomas

Tozvnjhend junior, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gy b ton, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Mr.

Cholmely, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Mr Martin, Lord Sir John Ru/h-

out, Sir John Philipps, Mr. RyderMr. Vyner, Mr zvald, Mr. Rozoney, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Mr.

Smith, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Fell owes, Mr.

Mr. Cl:. irhon, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr, Cartwright, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Lee, Mr. Alderman Bcckford\ Mr. Fuller, Mr. Moore, Mr. Scott, Mr. Jenyns, Sir John Cust, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Symonds, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Armine IVode house, Mr. Gere, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Powney, Mr. Tuckfidd, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Wilts, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill for naturalizing John Baptist Durand and Bartholomew Rilliet, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Bapiifl Durand and Bartho-lomezv Rilliet.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an alphabetical Lift of the several Persons who have, to Michaelmas last, given Notice, at the several Offices of Kx-cife in Great Britain, of their having or keeping any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Caiafh, Chaiie-mtrine, Chaise, Chair, or Caravan, with the several Sums of Money paid by them on account of the Duties imposed thereon; distinguishing each Year, and the Number ctf such Carriages kept by each Person.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his the Resolutions which the Sommittee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Four thousand and Eight Invalids amounting to Forty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1737.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million Twohundred Thir-teen thousand Seven hundred Forty-six Pounds ThreeShil-lings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majeth, for defraying the Charge of the Forty-nine thousand ieven

hun-

t

Darand

&c.

Nat

Doty on Caniwgtt.

Supply

Supply Bill; Land Tax

Foundling

Hospital,

30 Geo. II. 23°; — 24a Decembris. 643

hundred and Forty-nine effective Men, for Guards and Garrisons, and other his Muje fly’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and 'jersey, for the Year 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Twenty-three thousand Nine hundred Sixty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Year 1757.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-seven thousand and Sixty Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-three thousand Three hundred Thirty-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Six tiiouiand Five hundred Forty-four Foot* with the General and Staff Officers, and Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of in

the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1756, to the 24th of February 1757, both inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Twenty-five Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Eight thousand Six hundred and Five Foot, with the General and Staff Officers of the Train of Artillery, and Officers of the Hospital, the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Britain, from the 25th of December 1756, to the 24th of February 1737, both inclusive.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vieneris, 24° die Decevihris;

Anno 30° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1756.

PR A Y E R S.

MR. Prowse presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for repairing and widening several Ro«d*. Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frame, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Supply Bill j Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ^and "*ax\ granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land 1 ax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1757, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then aSecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And teveral Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Recruiting Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Di- forces"11 reccions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of what Notices have been issued from the Office of the Secretary at War, and when such Notices were issued, in pursuance of the Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for the speedy antFeffectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land F orces and Marines; together with a List of the Men who have been raised in pujfuance of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his /

Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1757, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed. That Mr. Morgan, Secretary to the Hospital for exposed and deserted young Children, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Number of Children has been received into the Hospital for the Maintcnance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, from the ill of June 1736, to the 21st of December following, inclusive, in consequence of the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards enabling the Governor and C utudians of the said Hospital to receive in the said Hospital all Children under a certain Age, to be appointed by the said Governors and Guardians. who should be brought to the said Hospital after the act Day of June, and before the 31st Day of 1756; and also how the Money received in consequence of the said Grant has been exp ended, from the tft of June 1736, to the 21st of December following; likewise an Account of what Number of Children are now maintained at the Expence of the said Hospital.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta--ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The salt! Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 27.

A Petition of the right-honourable Granville Earl Trentham Gower, ,nd of the several other Persons whole Names are IQClofure, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Earl is Lord of the Manor of Trentham, in the County of Stafford, and Pa-

tron of the Parish Church of Trentham aforesaid, and also I mpropriator of all the Tythes both great and small arising within the said Parish, and is likewise the principal Owner of Lands therein; and that within the said Parish there are Three several Parcels of common or waste Land knowrn by the Names of Northivood Common, Heath, and Toft Green; and that the said Earl, and his Tenants in the Village of Trentham, and certain other Persons being Owners of Lands near adjoining to the said common Ground called Northwood, but out of the said Parish of Trentham, have Right of Common upon the said Piece of Common called North-wood; and that the said Earl, and his Tenants of the Ttft Farm, and within the Village of Hanchurch, in the Parish of Trentham, and also the

other Pet it ioners, being Freeholders within the said Village of Hanchurch, have Right of Common upon the said.

Parcels called Hanchurch Heath and Tuft; and

that the said several Commons, being open, are liable to great Trespasses, and are of very little Benefit to the Persons interested therein; and that the said Parties have therefore, for their mutual Benefit and Convenience, agreed to inclose and divide the said Commons, and have severally executed Articles of Agreement for that Purpose; but in regard the said Agreements and Articles, by reason of Infancy, or other Disabilities, cannot be made effectual without the Assistance of Parliament: Therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the several Articlesand Agreements aforesaid, and making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Levefcn Gower, Mr. Barbor, and Colonel IValdegrave, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The

<*44

3+° Decembris. — j° Januarii.

A.

1757-

Way* and Meant.

The other Order of the Day being read; 2d Day of April last, in the last Session of Parliament,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- for laying before the House an alphabetical Lift of the'

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, several Persons who had, for three Years past, given No-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the tice, at the several Offices of Excite in Great Britain, of

Supply granted to his Majesty. their having or keeping any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Cha-

riot, Calash, Chaise-marine, Chaise, Chair, or Caravan, And then the House adjourned till this Day Fort- with the several Sums of Money paid by them on account

Weighing Buturat Newcastle upon Tyne.

night. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

V eneris, 70 die ’Januarii;

Anno 30* Georgii II" Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

A PETITIONof the Mayor, AIdermen, Sheriff, and the A rest of the Common Council, of the Town of tafi/eupon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of Butter are brought into the said Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, from thence to be transported beyond the Seas, and otherwise disposed of; and that there hath, Time out of mind, been, within the said Town and County, a free Market for Butter, which, lor many Years last past, hath been kept at the Ca!e in the said Town and County; but, for want of a proper Power to ascertain the Goodness, Weight, and fair Packing thereof, great Detriment hath arisen to the fair Trader: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

for preventing Frauds in the

of the Duties imposed thereon; distinguishingeach Year, and the Number of such Carriages kept by each Person j might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

And the House being informed, That the said Lift, so far as relates to England, could not be prepared loon enough to be laid before the House in the last Session of Parliament; and that the said Lift, so for as relates to Scotland had been prepared in pursuance of the said Order, but by an Accident was omitted to be laid before the House in the last Session of Parliament; and that Lifts, prepared by the proper Officers for England and Scotland respectively, in pursuance of the said Order, are now ready to be laid before the House, when the House will please to order the same;

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Thursday the 23d Day of December last, for laying before the House, an alphabetical Lift of the several Persons who have, to Michaelmas last, given Notice, at the several Offices of Excise in Great Britain, of their having or keeping any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise-marine, Chaise, Chair, or Caravan, with the several Sums of Money paid by them on account of the Duties imposed thereon; distinguishing each Year, and the

given to bring in a Bill

Weight, Quality, and Packing, of Butter, in the said u..... ....

Town of Nezvcajl/eupon Tyne, in the County of the Town Number of such Carriages kept by each Person; might of Newcastle upon Tyne. be rea(j

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* And the said Order was read accordingly.

deration of a Committee: And that they do examine ’, That the said Order be discharged.

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ridley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. More, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Crajler, Mr.

Vyuer, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Coventry,

Lord Strange, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Probyn, Mr. Olmins, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Lifts, which were prepared by the proper Officers in pursuance of the Order made upon the 2d Day of April last, in the last Session of Parliament, be forthwith laid before this House.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several George Onslow, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Webb, Sir Piercy Brett, Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Mathews, Mr. and County of and also of several Persons inlerested

Dicker, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Martin, Mr. Charlton, Mr and concerned in the Repair of the great Poll Road from Prowse, Mr. Drake, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Poole to Salisbury, directed to be amended by the said Bankes, Mr. Lockyer, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Act, was presented to the House, and read; taking no-

Symouds, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Poole, Mr. Moore, Mr. Leslie, tice of the Petition which was presented to the House Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Hamilton,

Sir Robert Ladbroke, Sir George Lee, Mr. Dodd, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Gajkry, Mr. Newnham, Sir John Barnard,

Sir Charles Kcmys Tynle, Mr Lewis, Mr. Calvert; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Weji more land, Lancaster, York, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Account of £)uty «n Piatt.

The House being informed. That Mr. Haldane, from the Commissioners of the Excise attended at the Door; He was called in; and, at the Bar presented to the

upon the 23d Day of December last, for several Alterations of the said Act; which these Petitioners judge not only to be unnecessary, but probably will be the Destruction of the intended Repair of the said Roads, so comprised in the said Act: And setting forth, that the Turnpike was erected at Poole the lft Day of June last, and several Attempts were made to borrow Money on the Tolls of the fame, so late as the 28th of That there was little, if any, Money raised on the feme, until it was resolved to erect a Gate at Hig/ilay, pursuant to the Power of the said Act; and then and immediately, on the joint Security of the Two Gates, several Sums of Money were advanced for the Repair of the said Roads;

House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the gross by which it appears, that the Security of the Creditors will Produce of the Duty laid on Silver Plate, in the last Session be greatly weakened by laying aside the Gate at Highlay: of Parliament, in that Part of Great Britain, called Eng- , That the Repair of the said Roads is scarcely begun, and land; together with an Account of the Charges of col- the Monies already expended on the same are too insigni-lcdting the said Duty, from the Commencement of the ficant to form any Judgment whether the said Tolls will fame, to the ad Day of December 1756, in London, and be sufficient for repairing the Extent of Road comprised

to the 10th Day of October 1756, in the Country.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

in the said Act; and that Nine Parts in Ten of the Monies now advanced on the Credit of the said Toils are the Property of divers of these Petitioners; and that these Petitioners conceive, that the Tolls were made greater than they were atfirft intended, the better to enable the The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers Trustees to amend the said Road from Canford Bridge to of this Session. Teaforesaid; and that, at sundry Meetings of the

Trustees, it appeared there were some Defects in the said The House was moved, That the Order made upon the Act, and that more would probably be discovered on a

further

Duty 0# Carriage i.

Poole

Gate

Roads.

jo Oso. II. yb

further Trial of it; and that it was the Sense of the said Trustees, that they should defer applying to the House till a limited Trial had been made of the said Act: And therefore praying, Thar the said Petition of the 23d of December may not meet with the Approbation of the House, as it will affect lo greatly the Purposes of the said Act, and be prejudicial to the several Counties of

Hants, and (Vilti, inso much as the Road deli red by the said Petition to be (truck out of the said Act contains Eighteen Miles out of Twenty-four comprised in the fud Act of the great Port Road leading from the said several Counties to the 'Town of Poole, and are at present in a very ruinous Condition, and, if separated from the present Act, will be incapable of being repaired; and for-afniuch as the said Tolls, with (ome further Amendments to the said Act, which will be applied for at a more convenient Opportunity, will be sufficient for the Repair of the Roads comprised in the said Act.

Ordered, Thar this Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of fever.:! of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in ti e last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, and also of several Persons -refilling in and near the said Town and County of Poole, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

V'mgerworth A Petition of Sir Henry Hunloke Baronet, Lord of the Inclosure. Manor of Wingerwcrth, in the County of Derby, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto fub-l’crtbed, being Freeholders and Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there are several Parcels of common Ground or common Pasture situate in the Parish of Wingerworth, and in the Hamlet of in the Parish of North Wingfield respectively, in the County of Derby, containing in the Whole 400 Acres, or thereabouts, which are Parcel, or reputed Parcel, of the Manor of Wingcrworth aforesaid, and which are uled and

depastured by the Cattle of the said Sir Hunloke, and the orher Petitioners, in common: That the Ground and Soil of the said Commons or commonable Pastures, for want of proper Culture, are of very little Advantage to the Petitioners, and, so long as the fume lie open, commonable, nninclosed, and undivided, are in a great measure, if not wholly, incapable, of Improvement: That the Petitioners are delirous that the same may be inclosed and divided, and that a specific Share thereof may be assigned and held by each of them in Severalty, in proportion to the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, they are respectively entitled to within the said Parishes; but although the said Division and Inclosure will tend to the

fublic Good, and be of great Advantage to the several 'ersons concerned, yet as the same cannot be effectually established without the Authority of an Act of Parliament, therefore praying, That Leave may given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said common Grounds and common Pastures, under such Regulations and Re-strictions as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Walpole of Lyme Regis and the Lord Frederick Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition df she justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Westbury, Olcrgy, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of West bun, in the County of Wilts, and Places °J adjacent, living or residing hear to, and frequently travelling, the Road leading from a House in Chdpmanftade, in the Courltv of Wilts, called the Nag’s Head, through the Road called Lamb's Lane to a Bridge called Bridge, in the Parish of Frome, in the County of Seiner-

Jetj and also of the Aldermen and common Burgesses of the Borough uf Westburyaforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; reciting the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Frome aforesaid, and Warminster, in the County of Wills, and Parts adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, which has been; presented to the House, lor Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening several Roads in the said Petition mentioned: And letting forth, Thar great Part of the Road between the Town of Westbur, and the House called the Nag's Head in Chapma nftade, is in a very ruin-

ous Condition j and in many Parts so narrow, that Two Horses cannot without great Difficulty and Danger pass by each other; and that the same cannot be sufficienth widened, repaired, and kept in good Repair, by the ordi-' nary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That proper Provision may be made in the said Bill for widening, repairing, and keeping in good Repair, the said Road from. the Town of Westbury aforesaid to the laidHouse in manfladeaforesaid, called the Nag's or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine! the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chauncey Townshend, Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Mathews> Sir Robert Burden, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston,- Mr. Willy, Mr. Fonereau, Lord D, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Charlton, Mr. GybbonMr. Vaughan, Sir

John Glynne, Mr. Bertie, Mr. OIndus, Lord Egmont, Mr.

Hammond, Mr. Willes, Mr. Med, Mr. Barrow,

Lord North, Mr. Hiftey, Mr. Palm, Mr. Drake, Mr.

Symonds, Mr. Vyner, fvlr. Hfleck, Mr. Gafttry, Mr. More

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Poole, Mr. HandI ton, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Hume, Mr. Myddeilon, Mr. Finch, Mr. and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Ordnance Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the £ftvn«e< Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1757 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said F.ftimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

f VoL. 27.

8 B ESTIMATE

646

7° Januarii. d- >757-

E S TIM AT E of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1757*

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges -

Pay of Eight additional Practitioner Engineers, and of a Superintendent to survey the Guns, Batteries, and Stores, on the Sea Coasts of Great Britain, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 16 December 1755, and 21 1756

p, r<( n: ,:i ( Gibraltar, and Britain

Officers! and Artifi-)* 7°KS* FeCarboniere Trinity,

j and Placentia, in Newfoundland -

cers, at - - - \ Annapolis Royal....

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 1,777 Men, Officers included, for Service of Great Britain, Annapolis Royal, and ChebouElo, as also in East India -

Pay of Two additional Companies to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 214 Men, Officers included, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 17 February 1756 -

Pay of a Company of Miners, consisting of 208 Men, Officers included, added to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 21 May 1756 ——

Establishment of the Academy a tWoolwich, for the Instruction of the Artillery

People -

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, and on several Expeditions, with the Half-pay of Officers reduced -

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the For- f tifications, building and re- J

otore-houses, and a c ~ ,

it- '

38.835 7

666 2 6

- 1.467 —

pairing

supplying Stores, at

St. Johns, Ferryland, Carboniere, and Trinity Harbour, in Newfoundland -

Towards erecting a new Fort at Arderfeer Point, near Inverness -

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, and repairing Barracks, in Scotland -To complete the Storehouses and Barracks in Edinburgh Castle Towards building and repair- Sheerness and Gillingham -' ing Fortifications at - Portsnmthand - -

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Plymouth Citadel -

Towards rebuilding the Barracks at Sheerness -

Pay of Officers and Artificers attending the Artillery on Service in North America, under the Command of the right honourable the Earl of Pay of Officers and Artificers attending the Detachment of Artillery on Service in East India, under the Command of Colonel John Adler cron -Pay of Officers and Artificers attending the Company of Artillery on Service in East India -

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at New York -

Two hundred Tons of Salt Petre -

E X C E E D IN G S, for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament, 1756.

Pay of Eight additional Practitioner Engineers, from 1 January to 31 December 1756, and of a Superintendent to survey the Guns, Batteries, and Stores, on tfv Sea Coasts of Great Britain, from 1 April to the said Time, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 16 December 1755, and 21 May 1756 Arming Two additional Companies to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, with the Pay of the fame, from 1 January to 31 December 1756, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 17 February 1756 - -

Railing and arming a Company of Miners, consisting of 208 Men, Officers included (incorporated into the said Regiment), with their Pay from 1 May to 31 December also of an additional Major from 1 May to 30 June,

pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 21 May 1756 - -

Ordnance and Stores lent to the Island of Barbadoes, for Defence of the new Fort erected there, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order in Council, 17 17 <;6

Ordnance and Stores provided for Defence of Fort Johnson on Cape Fear River in North Carolina, and Ammunition for the said Province, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders in Council, 7 July 1756 -Ordnance and Stores sent for the better Security and Defence of the Island of Guenfey, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 23 June 1756

Ordnance, Stores, Powder, and Bedding, sent for the Security and Defence of the Island ot Jersey, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 30 1756

Ordnance and Stores sent for Use of the new Batteries lately erected at mouth Citadel, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 19 1756

2,048 11 3

i,3S9 JZ 6

48,061 7 6

5,602 15 —

7,4°6 9 2 1,000 — —

867 5 —

2,448 i9 2

8.000 -

2.000 -

1.000 -

3,coo-----

10,000 2,000 1,848 2,000 3,000 3,000 2 5°

16 5

2,582 7 6 803-----

1,198

V1

10,000

T

8 4

r.

d.

60917 6

6,042

11

6,108 9 5

1,895 *4 4

3,448 7

10

i,932

2,509

10 8

43289 9

£ s. d.

109,763 9 7

5*»7 9312 3

Qrd nance

30-Geo. II.

7’ Jantiarii.

47

61,405 17 —

- 19,605 16 11

- 7,801 5 6

57,232 — 8 2,700 — — 1,277 3 7

Ordnance and Stores Tent for Use of the additional Works crofted at £. s.

pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 19 November 1756 - 3,951 9

Timber, Bedding, and other Stores, lent for Service of the £. s.

Garrison of Gibraltar, between the Months of March and August last, over and above any Allowance made by Parliament for that Purpose, by his Majesty’s Warrant,

19 November 1756 - 6,922 19 5

Aifo Iron Ordnance, Carriages, Powder, Shot, Timber,

Sand* Bairs, Bedding, and other Stores, lent there pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 19 November 1756 - 54,482 17 7

Brass Ordnance, Mortars, Powder, and other Stores, issued for Ule of the Forces in North America, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 26 March 1756 . - - . " " " - - . " . "

Arms and Tents delivered for Use of the Royal American Regiment of Foot commanded by the right honourable John Earl of pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 4 March and 14 May 1756 -

Arms delivered to the Royal Regiment of Horle Guards, One Regiment and Eleven Light Troops of Dragoons, Ten new and Two old Regiments of Foot, the additional Battalions to Fifteen Regiments, and for the Augmentation to Two Regiments ordered to North A, also to Four new-raised Independent Companies of Invalids, One Company at Castle,

and the additional Men to the Two Companies at. Scilly, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 18 November 1755, 13, 26, and 29 January, 4

ary, 29 March, 13 April, 15 June, 23 July, 26 August, and 22 September,

1756 - - . - - - - -; -

Arms and Powder delivered for the Security and Defence of the Province of Virginia, pursuant to his Majesty’s Older in Council, 27 January 1756 Arms and Ammunition lent for the Defence of the Colony of pursuant

to his Majesty’s Order in Council, 19 November 1756 -

Tents delivered to the Troops of Life and Grenadier Guards, the Royal Regiment of Horle G uards, the additional Men and the Light Troops to Eleven Regiments of Dragoons, also to Five Regiments of Foot, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 4, 19, and 20 February, 4 March, 30 June, and 20

August, 1756 - -....._ i,933 *4 —

Bedding provided and delivered for Use of the Troops at Castle Comet in the Island of Guernsey, the Savoy, Landguard Fort, Dover, Portjmou.th Town,

Blockhouse Fort, South Sea Caji/e, Charles Fort, and Portsea Bridge, as also for the Troops to be lodged within the Lines at Plymouth Dock, pursuant to his Majesty’s Order and Warrants, 12 April, 5 July, 20 October,

and 19 November, 1756 -

An additional Supply of Ammunition delivered to the Regiments of Dragoons and Foot in Great Britain, also a Proportion made up into Cartridges for

Service of Twenty-two Battalions of Foot, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrants, 6 July, 13 August, and 19 November, 1756-Ammunition delivered to the Hanoverian and Hessian Forces, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 1 July 1756 -

Hire ot Horses for the Train of Artillery attending his Majesty’s Forces in Scotland, from 1 January to 31 December 1756, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 10 June 1755

Charge of Waggons, i Juries, and Water-Carriage, employed in transporting the Artillery and Ordnance Stores, also Money paid on account of Incidents during the Expedition under the late General Braddock in North America, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrant, 25 November 1754 - -

Towards raising Lines, and erecting convenient Reception to lodge Troops for Security and Defence of Portsmouth, Plymouth, and Chatham Docks, as also for additional Works at Dover Castle, pursuant to his Majesty’s Orders 1 2 April and 31 July 1756 -

' Charge of the Trains of Artillery attending the Battalions of Foot in England, and of the Field Train fitted out for immediate Service, with the Hire of Horses, as also the Pay of Officers, Artificers, and Attendants, to 31 December 1756, pursuant to his Majesty’s Warrants, 12. November 1755, 27 March and 6 July 1756 - -

The Charge of Engineers and Assistants sent to inspeef the present State of the Fort at Annamaboe, and the several other Forts on the Coast of as

also of Materials towards building the said Fort, pursuant to his Majesty’s and the Lords Justices Orders of the 26 April and to June 17 55, in consequence of an Address of the honourable the House of Commons of the 22 April - 2,5

d.

£ r., d.

5,105 S —

3.9" 4 9

1,929 — 4

823 10 —

8.497 *5 7

42.573 5

- 47,869 2 4

12

5 5

C

276,065 6 IT

437,622 8 9

Savings arising from the Vacancy of the Post of Chief Engineer, amounting to the Sum of £.501. 17.6; which remains uniflued to this Office of the Sum granted for Service of the Year 1756.

Vol. 27,

J. L. Li

A. fVilkinson

Charles Frederick, J. S. Charlton,

IV R.Earle.

Ordered,

6a8 7° — 8J JanuariA. 1757.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty Land Tax. a pan(j Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Ser-

vice of the Year 1757, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be tailed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1757; and for discharging certain Arrears of Land Taxes incurred before the Time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual collecting of Arrears for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read}

Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the an cans. wjj0je pj0ufCj to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution , which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

o

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 8° die Januarii;

Anno 30* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

feMugiihriiib« r I 'H E right honourable Henry Fit z-Roy,

Wra. X Esquire, commonly called Earl of Eu/lon, being elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boroughbridg in the County of York, and also a Burgess.for the Borough of Bury St. Edmund, in the County of Suffolk, made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Bury Saint Edmund.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boroughbridge, in the County of , in the room of the said right honourable Henry

Fitz-Roy, commonly called Earl of Euston.

D^ty on The House being informed. That Mr. from

V.f."Knd ’ ^ie Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the Door;

’ He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order, a Book, intituled, An alphabetical Lift of the several Persons who have, for Three Years past, given Notice, at the several Offices of Excise in that Part of Great Britain called England, of their having or keeping any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaile-marine, Chaile, Chair, or Caravan, with the several Sums of Money paid by them on ao 18-

count of the Duties imposed thereon; distinguishing each Year, and the Number of such Carriages kept by each Person.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Book, was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is preserved amongst the utheqPapers' of this ScflioR.

The House was informed by Mr. John Pitt, one of Bu k'-noi, am their Members, That the right honourable Mr. Secretary "

Pitt, being detained by Illness from attending the Service of the House, had authorized him to acquaint the House,

That he the said Mr. Secretary Pin, being elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Pari fit of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, and also a Burgess for the Borough of hampton, in the County of Devon, makes his Election to serve for the said Borough of Okeka

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant' to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a BurgelVto serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Pari lit of Buckingham, in the County of Buckingham, in the room of the said Mr.

Secretary 77//.

The House being informed, That Mr Rowe, from D,fyon the Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, attended Carriages; at the Door; Scotland,

He was called ii>; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, alphabetical Lift of the several Persons who have, for Three Years past, to the 24th June 1755, given Notice, at the several Offices of Excile in Scotland, of their keeping any Coach, Chaise,

&c. with the several Sums of Money paid by them on account of the Duties imposed thereon; distinguilliing each Year, and the Number of such Carriages kept by each Person.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do make the Report Wa which was ordered Yesterday to be made this Day from ant* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Hardinge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which he was directed to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the 29th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1757, further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1757, to the 24th Day of

June 1758.

The fuicl Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hard

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. , the Lord Duncannon, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General, and Mr. Samuel Martin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

1 Barton

Stacy

Indoiure.

jo Geo. II. VS° — ic

A Petition of the Lords of the Manor of Barton Stacy, in the Parish of Barton Stacy, in the County of ampton, and others, on behalf of themselves, and the other Freeltolders and Proprietors of Lands within the said Manor, was pretented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Articles bearing date the lft of August 1755, the said Proprietors entered into an Agreement for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common. Downs, Meadows, and Pastures, within the said Manor, in such manner as should be ordered and appointed by Edward Goddard Esquire, James Poore, and 'Thomas Blandy, by their Award under their Hands and

Seals before the First of May then nepct enduing.; and that, in pursuance thereof, the said Edward Goddard, James Poore, and Thomas Blandy, made their Award, dated the Twenty-sixth April 1756, whereby they divided, set out, and apportioned, to every of the said Proprietors, their several Shares of the said common Fields, common Downs, Meadows, and Pastures, and appointed the several Inclosures and Fences to be made by the Persons to whom such Shares are fespectively set out; and also directed such Exchanges to be made, as will be necessary to enable the several Proprietors of the Lands so divided to hold their respective Shares in Severalty; but although such Divisions, Exchanges, and Inclosures, w'ill be of great Advantage to the Teveral Proprietors, and of public Utility, yet the same cannot be rendered effectual without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to confirm and establish the said Articles of Agreement and Award, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bankes and Mr. Fellowes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luries^ i o° die Januarii;

Anno 30* Georgii Ildi Regis, 17,57. Prayers.

OHN Frederick FalwaJJer took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

°Jamdrii 64

The House being informed, That some of the Commissioners of the Stamp-duties attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanr to their Orders, . I

An Account of the grab Produce of the Accounts

Twenty Shillings iaid'on Licences lot selling Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail, in that Part of and Card Great Britain called England, from the Corrmencement Duty,

of the said Duty, to the 2d Day of December 1756; 'together with an Account of the Charges of coilcdting the said Duty: And also.

An Account of the gross Produce of the Duty of Twenty Shillings laid on Licences for felling Aly, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail, in that Part of Britain called Scotland, from the Commencement of the said Duty, to the ad Day of December 1756; together with an Account of the Charges of collecting the said Duty: And allb,

An Account of the gross Produce of the additional Duty laid on Cards and Dice in the last Session of Parliament, in that Part of Great Britain called England, from the Commencement of the said Duty, to the ad Day of December 1756; together with an Account of the Charges of collecting the said Duty And:alfp,

A Report with respect to an Account of the gross Produce of the additional Duty laid on-Cards, and Dice in the last Session of Parliament, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, which was ordered to be laid before the House. . ’

And then they withdrew.

And the Tides of the said AccountS'were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And the said Report was read.

Mr. Hunter, from the Commissioners for executing the Navy Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , prelected Estimate, to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1757*

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.’

The laid Estimate is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof isasfolloweth; viz.

A BST RACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the'Navy, for the Year 1757.

N° 1. To the right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto -

7-

8.

a. Superannuated Sea Officers -

3. Pensions, and other Allowances -.

4. CChathattn*

£. Deptford - -

6-' Yard^< - -

Porfsmouth - - . -

Sheerness - -

9.) Plymouth - -

1 o. Muster matters, and other Officers of the Out Ports

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in ordina;y

12. Victuals to the Officers and Men serving the rein

13. Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rising -

14. Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty‘s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, Ssc. - - - . - -

15. Half-pay to Sea Officers ——

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1757 -

Vol. 27. 8 C

-t it-- J- - 14,635 11

- :-v i - 4,83° 11

m . " 3*448 0

m - - 3»I42 m

- 1 - 2,520 8

- - 4,298 14

*; - 1,813 4

- sm s * 3.354 9 m' «.

d.

36,948 14 1

t

19,466 3,

18,577 9 o

4,075 6' 11

23,715 ta 1 11,470 a 6 *5’954 o o

64,132 o o 20,000 o o

«4,339 7 7

To

650

io* — 11° Jantiarii.

1757

To which may be added.

For purchaGng of Land near Plymouth, and carrying on the Works of an Hospital intended to be erected thereon for the Reception of sick Men belonging to his Majesty’s Fleet - For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at , an additional

Number of disabled Seamen taken and to be taken into it, who are worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, there being now Fifteen hundred and Fifty Men maintained in the said Hospital; and also for a sufficient Number of Nurl'es, being the Widows of Officers and poor Seamen, and for carrying on the Building and other Incidents of the said Hospital, for the Year 1757, Ten thousand Pounds -

L

d.

10,000 o o

10,000 o o

a44>339 7 7

And then the Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1757, amounts to Two Hundred Forty-four thousand Three hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven Pence.

G. Cockburne, Tho. Slade, IV. Bately, Dan. Devert, Richard Hall,

G. Adams, W. Bateman, D. Dent, Timothy Brett.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House,* to be perused by the Members of the House. that he would give Directions accordingly.

Falwiflrt’t

Nat.

A Bill for naturalizing John Frederick was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powney, Mr. Affleck, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard Warwick,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Barry, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Cooke, Sir

John Mordaunt, Mr. Crajler, Sir John Philipps, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Rozvuey, Mr. Locke, Mr. Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Tvwnjhend, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Reynolds,

Mr. Olmius, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Strange, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Smith,

Lord Robert Manners, Sir John Glynne, M r. Gore, M r.

Sit Francis Poole, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr Vyner, Mr. Northey, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hewet, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant ’ to their Address to his Majesty, ' 1

An Account of the Notices for the Meetings of the Account Commissioners for putting the Press A Cl in Execution;' together with the Number of Men raised. j Pre&Aft.

And the Title of the said Account Was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The fiid Account is preserved amongst the other '

Papers of this Session. / ' "*

Ik

w

f<

Crarrer’i

Name.

Mr. Olmius reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Oliver Cramer Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Coghill, pursuant to the Will of Marmaduke Coghill Esquire, deceased, and to bear the FamilyArmsof Coghill, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Committee haddireCled him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Bankes presented to the House, according to Or- Barton der; a Bill for confirming and establishing certain Articles' S:ic7 of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing 1 *nc'0,"ie the common Fields, common Downs, Meadows, and Failures, within the Manor of Bar'/: Stacy, in the Parish of Barton Stacy, in the County of Syaham: And the same was received; and read the FirlLtime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Grenville, ^Ar.Charles Tcwajhcnd, Mr. Gilbert Elliot, Mr.

Samuel Martin, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Rice, Mr. Bouverie, Mr Colebrooke, Mr. Bankes, be added to the Gentlemen,

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the bet ter ordering of the Militia Forces in tire several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mika.

Weighing Ordered, That Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Hope fVeir, Butter at Mr. Francis Delaval, Mr. Hnjfev, Mr. JenniJon, Mr. B^*n T*6 Olmius, Mr. Wihnot Vaughan, be added to the Com-

on ^rne* mittee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the rest of the Common Council of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition Weighing

of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the rest of the B,mtr« Common Council of the Town of Newtajlle upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, is referred, do report to

the House their Opinion upon the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Supply Bill; Blalt, tec.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1757: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 110 cite Januarii;

Anno 30* Georgii IP1 Regis, . 1757.

Regaining the Marin# Forces.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Mr. Hunter, Mr. Gilbert Elliot, Vice Admiral Bofcawen, and Mr. Clevland, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Answer The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their to Ackircft Address erf Friday the 24th Day of December last. That for Account, his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that

Prayers. 1

MR. Powney reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Frederick. Falwa[jer was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Falwaffert

Nat

1J

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Oliver Cramer Esquire, and the Heirs of his

Body,

Cramers

Name.

Collier’*

Name.

Supply Bill Malt, See*

Recruitirg rrte Land Forces.

Hi^h Price of Corn.

f,

African

Company.

Collier’s

Name.

Dr. Parker to preach oo ] id Jan.

30 Geo. II. ,11* — 120 Januarii. 651

Body, to take and use the Surname of Coghill, pursuant to the Will of Marmaduke Esquire, deceased, and

to bear the Family Arms of Coghill, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Olmius do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Fellowes reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enable the Reverend Thomas Collier Clerk, and his I flue, to take and use the Surname of Barnard, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered Jhe Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Periy, for the Service of the Year 1757, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rijolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for (ihe speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines: And that the Lord Barrington, <Mr. Thomas Gore, and Mr. Charles , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of proper. Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future, That they have Power to report their Proceedings from time to time to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

‘ Mercurii, 12° Januarii;

Anno 30' Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Poirier, from the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door i

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Di rest ions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1755 — The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; distinguishing each Particular."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the reverend Thomas Collier Clerk, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Barnard, was read the Third time.’

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the reverend Thomas Collier, Clerk, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the reverend Doctor Parker, Minister of SC Catherine Cree Church in London, be desired to preach Vql. 17.

before this House, at St. Marga efs, , upon

Monday the 31st Day of this Instart January: And that Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Olmius, Mr. CaMr. byn, and Mr. Hanger, do acquaint him therewith.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Estimate Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- Shf w"* rest ions to the proper Officers, that there belaid before ,pw this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repain of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1757.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Frederick FaL Etlwaflert wajjer, was read the Third time. Ns*.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing John Frederick

Ordered, That Mr. Powney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Pocklington, Pocklington in the County of York, the Impropriator and Lessee of Inclosurt. the Rectory of Pocklington aforesaid, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, having Lands and Right of Common in and upon the open Fields and commonable Land of and in the Township of Pocklington aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the uninclosed Parts of the said Fields, and the commonable Land aforesaid, contain td-gether 1,700 Acres, or thereabouts; and, if the feme were divided and inclosed, would be capable of great Inv* provements; and therefore the Petitioners have agreed that the feme shall be divided and inclosed; and that each Proprietor’s Share thereof shall be allotted to them in Severalty; and that certain Compensations shall beafligned to the Petitioners, the said Impropriator and Lessee of the said Rectory, in lieu of their respective Tythes and Dues payable out of all the Lands and Grounds in Pocklington aforesaid; but notwithstanding the same will tend to the public Good, as well as to the mutual Advantage of the Parties concerned therein, yet the same cannot be made effectual without the Aid of Parliament; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the open Fields, common Meadow Grounds, and Commons, aforesaid; and for assigning certain Compensations to the Impropriator and Lesseeof the Rectory aforesaid, in lieu of their respective Tythes and Dues.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Armitage, Mr. Hewett, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future; and to report the fame, with all convenient speed, to the House; That the Committee had made some Progrefe in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the feme were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee, That the taking off the Duty upon foreign Corn, to be imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, wilf-be a proper and speedy Means of reducing the present high Price of Corn and Bread.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the permitting such foreign Meal, Bread, and Biscuit, as hath been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, to be landed and expended in this Kingdom, Duty-free, for a limited time, will be another proper and speedy Remedy of reducing the present high Price of Corn and Bread.

A Pc-

High Price of Corn.

: P52 i-20 — 130 Junuarii. J: ^.1757.

Cor»C A ^€-lt lon t)lc Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Jhtjici. was pviv'naf! to the House, and read; alleging, lhvit the preic nr Scare ityol Corn, and Price of Provisions, bears veiy hard r,*e ]V*f»r, to the in fin ire Prejudice c.i oar i rade and cx\-nlive \bimifactjrcs; and that the Petitioners anriebe'.iR, the Scarcity ariles f;om the old Shock ol Grain oe:ng ir. a great measur exhausted, the In II Vear’s Crop pro via Sight in ihe Lar, and large Quantities of the be ft Wheat being (lid consumed in making e: ftmituous Liq\ ors; and that the lends, for many Miles round the Lm-e City, being chicly Meadow and Pad arc,- the Inhabitants have ever been supplied with Grain and Flourdrorn-the several Counties of Salop* He-refo> r* l^orcester* Gloucester, and Aknmouth, which have been brought in Trows and YTffeh down the Rivers Severn and IVye* but, for many Weeks pdl, Numbers of People have tumuituously assembled upon the Banks of the said Rivers, and, in Defiance of the legal Authority, seized and detained all ttie Trows and Vessels, and carried away and destroyed great Quantities of Grain and Flourcoming the public Market of the said City; and chat the Petitioners apprehend, Corn from America,

or other Parts beyond the Seas, would be a considerable Relief\n the pretent Exigency; but Freight and Insurance being high, by reason of the War, the Petitioners fear, ti e Duties payable on foreign Corn will discourage the Importation thereof, or at least render the same excessive dear, when brought to Market; and therefore, ini'cfs she said Duty is taken off for a limited time, it is t e Opinion of the Petitioners, that many laborious and industrious Manufacturers, with their Families, must be greatly difbdied, and our numerous Poor reduced to the ;extremefl Want: That Grain and Flour not being sold by any certain and uniform Weight or Measure throughout the Kingdom, is the Cause of great Variation in Markets, and renders it often difficult for the Civil Magistrate to know the real Prices Grain and Flour (ell for, so as to be enabled 1 o fix an equal and just Assize of Bread: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Confederation, and apply such Remedies as the House shall find most meet.

Ordered, That the Report, this Day made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future, be referred to the Consideration of - a Committee of the whole House.

► Refo/ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That so much of the said Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of Bristol, as relates to the Matter of the said Report, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

1

Dr. Taylor Ordered, That the reverend Doctor 7*ay hr, Chancellor to preach of the Diocese of Lincoln, be desired to preach before this FastDa* House, at St. Margaret's upon Friday the

y" nth Day of February next, being the Day appointed by his Majesty’s royal Proclamation for a general Fast: And that Sir John Philipps, Mr. ‘KynaJioH, and Mr. rhyme, do acquaint him therewith. [....

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into & Committee of the whole House, to further consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Mom. ing next, refoive itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Bin j to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Malt, 4c. upon the Bill for continuing and granting to his: Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1757; -:

Ordered, That it be an Initruclion to the said Committee, That the) have Power to receive a Clause of Gredit/

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, providing that it shall and may be lawful for such Persons hr Bodies ' -» Politic or Corporate, who shall advance or lend any Money on the Credit of an Act of this Sefiioft of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax; to receive the like Interest for the Forbearance thereof as shall be allowed to be received for the Forbearance of Money to be advanced on the Credit of the said Bill. ’

Ordered, I'hat it be an Instruduon to the said Committee, That they have P*;wer to receive a Clause, to direct, that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1757, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1755, to satisfy Principal and - In- ’ terest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1757.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Anid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 13* die 'Januarii,

Anno 30* Georgii IP1* Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

MR. Oswald, from the Commissioners for Trade and Colour Plantations, prefen ted to the House, by his Ma- °* Gewl-i jesty’s Command,

An Estimate of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1756, to the 2^4th of Junei’j^y. 1

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.' 1 The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

J

M

30 Geo. II. 130 — 140 53

An ESTIMATE of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty's Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the lame, from the 24thof7#>/£ 1756^0 the 24th of June 1757.

Hardwick In closure.

Supply Bill; Malt, fire.

Exportation of Corn from America.

High Price of Corn.

To the Salaries of the Governor and other Officers and Magistrates established in the Colony - -

To an Allowance to a Minister of the Church of England established at Savannah....

To the Salaries of Two Schoolmasters, One at Savannah, and One at Vernonburgh and ABon -

To an Allowance to the Pilot Rationed at the Mouth of Savannah River, with a Boat and sufficient Hands ——

To repairing the public Buildings, entertaining the Indians, and other contingent Expences To the Salary of an Agent appointed here for the Affairs of the Colony -

To a Continuance of the Provision made by the late Trustees for purchasing from the Growers the Balls or Cocoons of raw Silk, as an Encouragement to the Growth and Culture of it -

£ s- d-1,620 — — 70-----

32-----

50-----

435 10 — 35°-----

1,000 — - —

L-

3»557 10

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds and Greens in the Manor and Parish of Priors Hardwick, in the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Eight Persons, who are intitled to Five Yardlandsand a Half and One Quarter of a Yardland (the whole Common intended to be inclosecV confiding of Twenty-two Yard lands), and who, being applied to, refused to sign the bill; but laid they had no Objection to it, and would not oppose the fame; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1757, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question ieve-rally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, w;th the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit, fora Time to be therein limited, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, and Bacon, or other Victual, from any of his Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in America, unless to Great Britain or Ireland\ or to some of the said Colonies and Plantations: And that Mr. Oswald, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Grenville, and Mr. Rc/e Fuller, do prepare, and bring inr the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolveditieifintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, w ho were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for

Yol* 27.

preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the Future.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir John Philipps accordingly reported from the said Committee of the whole House, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read and are as followeth; viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty now payable upon foreign Corn and Flour imported into this Kingdom, be taken off for a limited time.

Refnlved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such foreign Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as hath been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, be permitted, for a limited Time, to be landed and expended in this Kingdom, Duty free.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir John Philipps, Mr. Nugent, the Lord Strange, Mr. Rose Fuller, Sir Ellis Cttnliffe, Mr. Poole, and Mr. Jarrit Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 14.0 die Januarii;

Anno 30* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

PR AYERS.

A BILL for confirming and establishing certain Arti-' jjarton staCy cles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and Inclosure. inclosing the common Fields, common Downs, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Manor of Barton Stacy, in the Parish of Barton Stacy, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bankes,

Sir John Glynne, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bowes,

Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir John Cull, Mr.

Fonereau, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Prozije, Mr. Walter,

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Smith, Sir Willoughby AJion, Mr. Dicker,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gore, Sir Mathew Lambe, the Marquis of Wine heft er, Mr. Pent on, Mr.

Powlett, Mr. Dimmer, Mr. Swymmer, Lord Carpenter.

Mr. Buller, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Sandy5, "Mr. Walpole,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Alore, Mr.

Hewetty Mr. Northey, Sir Cor del Firebrace, and all the

S D Members

4

Weighing Butter at Ne*ca(tle tpun Tyne.

PrirDegc.

54 14* Januarii. A. 1757.

Members who serve for the Counties of

Wilts, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and the rest of the Common Council, of the Town of upon Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed } viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition.

Mr. Alderman Stephenson of London, and Mr. William

Aynjley, being severally examined, laid. That great Quantities of Butter are made in the Counties adjacent to castle, viz. Northumberland, Durham, Cumberland, and West more land; great Part of which are carried to

castle, to be expended and otherwise disposed of: That Butter is a principal Article at; great Quanti-

ties whereof are sent to London: That they have frequently heard the Factors complain of a Deficiency of Weight in the Butter at Newcastle, they being obliged to make up 56 lb.in each Ftrkin, though they do not receive so much from the Maker.

That, for Time out of mind, there has been a free Market for Butter at the Cale Cross in Newcastle: That there is no Statute for the just Weighing of Butter there, nor has the Corporation any Power to punish for felling short Weight; and thar it would be of great Advantage in general, if Power was given to ascertain the Goodneis, Weight, and fair Packing, of Butter brought to the said Town to be sold.

Mr. Henry Cooling, Cheesemonger in London, being examined, laid, That he has bought Butter from castle, which does not bear so good a Character, as to Weight and Quality, as Butter from does; there being generally Three or Four Shillings a Firkin Difference: That Cheesemongers, who have Butter sent from Newcastle, are obliged to trull to the Factors to fend them what they think proper; That it would be of great Advantage to the Public, if a proper Officer was appointed to weigh and mark Butter at Newcastle; for then Masters of Vessels could not cut out any of the Firkins without being detedled;

That, instead of having the Calk xo Weight, they frequently make them 14 or 1 Weight; and there is no Penalty on not tareing the Calk; and that if a Searcher was appointed at Newcastle, the Cheesemongers would not be fond of fending for Butter to other Places.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions -,viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations to their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Frauds in the Weight, Quality, and Packing, of Butter, in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Frauds in the Weight, Quality, and Packing, of Butter, in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne: And that Mr. Ridley and Sir Thomas Clavering do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was informed, That the most honourable fames Brydges Esquire, commonly called Marquis of Carnarvon, is desirous that no further Proceedings may he had in relation to the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege, which was made to the House upon the aoth Day of Decemberlaft.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1757, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1757; and concerning the interest to be paid for Monies to be borrowed, as well on the Credit of this Act, as on the Credit of an Act, of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Philipps presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties upon Corn and Flour impot ted; and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfelfintoa Committeeot the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House was moved, That the Account of what Number of Children has been received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, from the ill of June 1756, rathe 21 ft of December following, inclusive, in consequence of

the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital to receive in the said Hospital all Children under a certain Age, to be appoinred by the said Governors and Guardians, who should be brought to the said Hospital after the ill Day of June, and before the 31st Day of December, 1756; and also how the Money received in consequence of the said Grant has been expended, from the ill of June 1756, to the 2iftof December following; likewise

an Account of what Number of Children are now maintained at the Expence of the said Hospital; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends the further Care of the said Charity to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That what Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer has now acquainted the House with, from his Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Account of what Number of Children has been received into the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and deserted young Children, from the ill of June 1756, to the 21st of December following, inclusive, in consequence of the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, towards enabling the Governors and Guardians of the said Hospital to receive, in the said Hospital, all Children under a certain Age, to be appointed by the said Governors and Guardians, who should be brought to the said Hospital after the ill Day of June, and betorc the 3 1 ft Day ot December 1756; and also how the Money received in consequence of the said Grant has been expended, from the ill of June 1756, to the 21 ft of December following; like wile

a»

Supply Bill; Malt, &c.

Importation of Cora,*c,

Ways and Meant.

Supply.

30 Geo. II. 140 —:

an Account of what Number of Children are now maintained at the Expence of the said Hospital; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty’s Navy, fur the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1757 — Land Sendee, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come tolevera! Resolutionsj which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the tame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 170 Januarii;

Anno 30° Georgii, IIdl Regis, 1757. Prayers.

THE Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Address of Wednesday last, (That his Majesty Address for would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Estimate. Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House,) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Whitgift The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to lncltiure. whem the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pasture Ground, called Whitgift PaJIure, in the County of York; and for giving a Compensation, in lieu of Tythes, to the Impropriator of the Rectory of Whitgift aforesaid; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and foundthefame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sathfadion of the Committee, except William Henry Thom/bfun Clerk, and Samuel Moor Yeoman, who are possessed of For:y~four Cattle Gates in the said Pasture; and that the whole Pasture intended to be inclosed contains 344 Cattle Gates; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Suppty. Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutiom, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 27.

70 Januarii. 55

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Governors and Guar-dians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of exposed and defened young Children, toreccive all such Children, under a certain Age, to be by them limited, as shall be brought to the said Hospital before the First of January 1758'; and also towards enabling them to maintain and educate such Children as are now under their Care, and to continue to carry into Execution the good Purposes lor which they were incorporated.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty-three thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Seven Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to the Sea Officers, for the Year 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenw, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for purchasing of Land near Plymouth, and carrying on the Works of an Hospital intended to be erected thereon, for the lieception of lick Men belonging to his Majesty’s Fleet.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-one thousand Five hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds One Shilling and Ten Pence, be granted to Ins Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the ’Year 1757-

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agTeed to by the House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Account of of all the Flag Officers, Captains, Matters, and Com- Flag Officers, naanders, and Lieutenants, of his Majesty’s Navy, with the Dates of their respective Commissions, and the Pay they now receive; distinguishing those who are on Halfpay from those who are now employed.

Sir John Armitage presented to the House, according to poCjti;ngtor» Order, a Bill for establishing and rendering effectual Ar- inclosure. tides of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and common Grounds in Pocklington, in the County of fork: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill lo discontinue, for a time to be limited, the Duties upon Com and Flour imported, and also upon such of Corn,

Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and FJour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. '

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to the Kingdom of Ireland.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act s,ip||v Bill; for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be Lind Tax’ raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-leven , and for discharging certain Arrears ot Land Taxes incurred before

the

Durand

&c.

Nat.

Ways and Means.

Collier’s

Name.

Fal wafTeTi Nat.

High Price of Corn.

Tenbury

Roads.

656 170 — 18

the Time therein mentioned; and for the more effectual collecting of Arrears for the future; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Baptist Durand and Bartholomew Rilliet, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, Thit this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 18 d;

Anno 30® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757.

P R AYERS.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An to enable the reverend Thomas Collier Clerk, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Barnard, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Frederick without any

Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House and read; taking Notice of the distress'ed State of the poorer Sort of People in the said Town and Neighbourhood, by theex-ceflive high Price of Corn and other Provisions, occasioned, as the Petitioners believe, by the almost general Practice which hath, for some time past, prevailed in that and the neighbouring Counties, for the Farmers to fell their Corn at their own Houses to the Millers, who manufacture the same into Flour, and to the Badgers, who buy Com to fell again in that private and collusive manner, that it is very difficult, if not impossible, by the Laws now in Force against Forestallers, Engrossers, and lle-grators, to remedy this so great and much-complained-of Grievance: and, it being doubtful, whether there is any Law now inbeing, which can hinder the Farmers from felling Corn at their own Houses, representing to the House, that if the Laws now in being against Forestallers, Engrossers, and Begrators, wereclearly explained and amended, and all Millers, and others, buying Corn to manufacture into Flour, to fell, all Bakers, and others, making Bread to fell, and all Badgers, Laders, Kidders, Carriers, Buyers, and Transporters, of Corn or Grain, licensed, and to be licensed, were obliged to buy their Corn in open Market, and not by Sample, otherwise or elsewhere, and making the Method of convicting the Offenders more easy and concise, it would abate the present excessive high Price of Corn, and prevent the like for the future: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the House, the Premises considered, will provide such Remedy or Remedies, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, was read a

Seco. d time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edward 17

’ Januarii. A. *757-

Herbert, Mr. More, Mr. Gore, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Griffin, Mr. Harris, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Lord

Downe, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Morton, Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hunter, Mr. , Mr. Prowfc, Mr. Prcbyn, Mr. Fuller, Sir Mr. Hunt, Mr. Carlzvright, Lord Barrington, Sir John

Philipps, Mr Mo/yncux, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Medlycclt, Mr. Mr. Campbell, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Sandys, Mr. AidMr. Hewett, Mr.

Dodd, the Marquis of Granby, Mr.

Lord Dttpphn, Mr. Co Bogan, Mr. John Frederick, Mr.

Champion, Sir John Bloc daunt, Lord George Cavendijli, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Henry Pelha, Mr. Colonel

Cornzvallis. Sir John Crcffe, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Turner , Mr. Westphahng, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Lord Robert

Sutton, Mr. Shelley, Mr. White, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Fane, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. ElliMr. , Sir Tho-

mas Clavering, Mr. Rebow, Mr. Keck, Mr. may, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Charles

Frederick, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Charlton, Lord Parker, Sir Edward Turner, Lord Bateman, Mr. George BrudeneH, Mr. Noel, Lord Digby, Mr. Boone, Col. Holmes, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Cocks, Colonel A'Courtand all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Salop, Hereford, and and for the

Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossld Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece ot Pasture Ground, called Whit gift in the County of York and for giving a Cnmpenfaiion, in lieu of Tythes, to the Impropriator of the Redtory of Whitgiftaforesaid; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pal-

o o

ture Ground, called Whitgft Paftiire, in the County of York: and forgiving a Compensation, in lieu of Tythes, to the Impropriator of the Keftory of JHiiitgift afore-

faivl.

Ordered, That the Lord Donne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Delernon, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that the Lord Barrington and Mr. Thomas Core do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pafiures, common Meadows, common Grounds and Greens, in the Manor and Parish of Priors Hardwick, in the County of IHarwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and incioiing the common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds and Greens, in the Manor and Parish of Priors Hardwick, in the County of I Harwich.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and delirc their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Justices, Clergy, Gentry, and Freeholders, of the County of Gloucester, at their General Sessions of the Peace holden at Gloucester, January nth, 1757, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the present Scarcity of Corn and Price ot Provisions is not only very grievous to the Poor, but of unfpealtable Prejudice to theextenfive Trade and useful Manufactures of the said County: That this Scarcity, the Petitioners apprehend, arises from the draining the old Stock, the Deficiency of the new, and many other Causes, but particularly from the large Quantities vat the belt Bread Com being con fumed in dilbiling spirituous Liquors; the Consequence of which has been many dangerousTumuhsand Riots in the said County, and the railing the Price ot Wheat to the exorbitant Rate of qs. S d. per Bushel, as it was loid the lait Market Day in the said City; and that

Wh if gift Indoiure.

Army;

Mutiny

and

Desertion.

Hnrdwick

fnciosure.

High Vrice or

Corn.

1

r

Dicti Marion from Corn-

30 Geo. II. 18* Januarii. 657

(he Petitioners apprehend, that Corn from foreign Parts is the only Remedy that can be of effectual Service in the present Exigency; but that the Importation thereof will be impracticable, unless the Duty thereon be suspended for a limited Time; and further alleging, that if Grain and Flour was sold by one uniform Weight or Measure throughout the Kingdom, it would prevent many Abuses, and better enable the Magiftiates to fix an equal Assize of Bread: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Con side rat ion, and grant such Relief as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That so much of the said Petition as relates to the Importation of foreign Corn, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to discontinue, for a Time tobe limited, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, is committed.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future and to report the same with all convenient Speed to the House, That the Committee had made some further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was tread j and is as folio wet h;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the prohibiting Wheat to be made use of in the Distillery for a limited time, will be a Means to prevent the high Price of Wheat and Bread for the future.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl’elf into a Committee of the whole Hofue, to consider of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the importation whole House, upon the Bill to discontinue, for a Time of Corn* to be limited, the Duties upon Corn and Flour import- Uc-ed; and also upon such Corn, Gran, Meal, Bread, Bil-tuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philippstook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Barrington prefefited to the House, by his Army Majesty’s Command, Estimate of the Charge of Two ^chelfla* Highland Battalions of Foot, to be raised for his Ma- Hofpuali jesty’s Service, for the Year 1757.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, pur-luant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Hospital, for the

Year 1757.

And the Title of the Estimate of the Charge of Two Highland Battalions of Foot, to be raised for his Majesty’s Sendee for the Year 1757, was read.,

And the Lid Estimate was allb read.

Then the Titleof the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1757, was read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two Highland Battalions of Foot, to be raised for his Majesty’s Service, for

the Year 1757.

Numbers. For 365 Days.

£ s. d.

Lieutenant Colonel Montgomery's Battalion - Lieutenant Colonel Frafer'sBattalion" ----- L145 20,011 2 6

i»i45 20,011 2 6

Levy-money for *,coo Men, at ^.3 per Man - 6,000 — —

Total - War-Office, 18th January 1737, 46,022 5 —

Barrington.

3k

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1757.

p*r Diem, For 365 Days.

6,314 Out-pensioners standing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, C * £. s. d.

at 5 d. per Dim each ----- *35 *4 2 49,533 10 10

100 Letter Men, at 12 d. per Diem each ----- 5 mmm 1,82c

31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each ----- 3 3 4*4 6 3

From which deduct, The Sum of Twenty-one thousand Seven hundred Eighty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence out of the Poundage of the 141 17 5 51,782 17 1

Forces for the Year 1757 - -- -- -Remains to be granted, upon Account, for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea 21,782 17 i

Hospital, for the Year 1757 - ----- War-Office, 18th January 1757. Barrington, Vou 17. 8 E £. 30,000 Ordered,

1

<?58

18° — 190 Januarii.

A. 1757

Ordered, That the said T(Kmates do lie upon the Table, be perilled by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 190 "Januarii;

' Anno 30° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757. Travers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Mult^ 4c ’ ^ie ^'or^s have agreed 1° the Bill, intituled, An Act ’ ' for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Du-

ties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifry-seven; and concerning the Interest to be paid for Monies to be borrowed, as well on the Credit of this Act, as on the Credit of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax; without , any Amendment,

And then the Messengers withdrew;

A Message from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned; t " Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended

10 1 S‘ his Majesty in the House ot Peers: Where his Majesty was plealed to give the Royal Afl’ent to the several public and private Bills following;

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven; and for discharging certain Arrears of Land Taxes incurred before the Time therein mentioned; and for the more elieftual collecting of Arrears for the future:

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-(even; and concerning the Interest to be paid for Monies to be borrowed, as well on the Credit of this Act as on the Credit of an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax:

An Act to enable Oliver Cramer Esquire, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of ,pursuant to the Will of Marm a Coghill Esquire, deceased,

and to bear the Family Arms of Coghill:

An Act to enable the reverend Thomas Collier Clerk, and his Ifl'ue, to take and use the Surname of Barnard:

An Act for naturalizing John Bap/ijl Durand and -tholomew Rilliet:

An Act for naturalizing John Frederick

.,j, vrice Ordered, That so much of the Petition of the Justices, oI' Com* Clergy, Gentry, and Freeholders, of the County of

cefier, at their General Sessions of the Peace hulden at Clourejhr, January t ith, 1757, as states to Weights and Measures, be referred to the Committee who are appointed to consider of proper Provisions lor preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future.

ofc-o"’-

Sir John Philipps, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties upon Corn and F!ourimported, and alto uponluch Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Bileuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the lloule; and lie read the

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Q/u;^Mpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Bileuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, Bacon, or other Victual, from his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, unless to Great Britain or Irela, or to some of the said Colonies and Plantations: And the same was received} and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of his Majesty’s Warrants to the Board of Ordnance, of the 12th of November 1755, of the 27th of March 1 756, and of the 6ih of July 1736; and also a Copy of the Con* tract made by the Board of Oidnance, for Artillery Horses, in pursuance of the said Warrants.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, Tint there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the several Articles, which, together, make up the Sum ot £.47,869. is. 4 mentioned in an Account of the Exceedings of the Office of Ordnance in the Year 1756, for which no Allowance has been made by Parliament.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they tnay have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself iijto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of th® Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future -T

Ordered

Exportation of Corn from Anitrca.

Papon from th* Ordnance Office.

Account of Exca-dr: gs of the Ordnance Office.

Army;

Mutiny

and

frefertion.

Supply,

Ways and Mean!*

Distiflnron from Corn.

Committee

of

> Privileges, Privilege.

Supply.

'I.

Frome

KoaUs.

o Geo. II. i 9° — 200 Jan Haiti.

Ordered \That so much of die Petition of the justices. Clergy," Gentry, and Freeholders, of the County of Gloucester, at their General Sessions of the Peace holden at Gloucester, January 11th, 1757, as relates to the dif-lilling of spirituous Liquors, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That lb much of the Petition of the Mayor and Aldermen of the City of as relates to the

difliiling of spirituous Liquors, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

=> i

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

A Complaint being made to the Huse, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, John Milton did this Morning lerve Sir Nicholas Baity Baronet, a Member of this House, with a Writ in an Ash n of Trelj.als, in which Thomas Gooch is Plaintiff, and IVL Attorney for the Plaintiff;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint} and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovtSj 20* di'Januard;

1j V

Anno 30° Georgii IIJi Regis, 1757.

Prays.es.

Mil. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, tire Resolution which the Committee had dire died him to report to the l loufe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foilowelh; 1 iz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty-eight thousand One hundred Ninety-six Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the Exceedingsof the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1756, not provided lor by Parliament.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Qudlion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town o in the County of Some rjet, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prow/C, Lord Egmont, Mr. Footereau, Mr. Mr. Affleck,

Sir Cor del Firebracs, Mr. KyiiaI ,ord Shelburne, Mr.

J.eiier, Mr. Chair, icey ToajonJhend, Mr. Mr.

Vaughan; Sir Robert Burden, Mr. Morton, Sir Charles M or daunt, Mr. Alderman Beck/ord, Mr. Mr.

Comewull, Lord Vi fliers, Mr. Sir Richard

Grosvenor, Mr. Drake, Mr. PMr. Yorke, Mr. ley, Mr. Lends, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Tcwujhend, Sir William Mr. Walpole, Sir

Vol. 27.

John Wynne, Mr. Gajhry, Mr, Alderman Mr.

Symonas; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somer/t, Devon, Dor jet, Cornwall, and Wilts: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock} in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do make the Report which was oidered Yesterday to be made this Day from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future.

Mr. Nugent accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which he was directed to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fohoweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, to prevent the high Price of Wheat and Bread, no Spirits be diddled front Wheat, for a Time to bb limited.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Nugent, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Jared Smith, Mr. Mr.

Bayntun, and Mr. Alderman Beck/ord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

T he Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Addrel's of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of Charles Van Esquire, was presented tct the House, and read; letting torch. That at the Election ot a Km-glit to lerve in Parliament for the County of Glamorgan, in the room ot Charles Edwin Esquire, deceas'd, held at Cardiff, in t' e laid County, on the 29th Day of December lad, the Petitioner, and Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Thomas Mathews, at the time of the said Election, declared, that the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereby he made out his Qualification, were lying or being in the several Parities, Townships, or Preempts, of Landaff; Pelerftone upon Fly, Wenny, Coyly, Wick, Sain!

Brides Major, Co/viustone, and John the irr

Cardiff, in the said County of Glamorgan; and that-several Freeholders, qualified to vote at the said Election, voted for the Petitioner j and several others for the said Thomas Mathews: but the Petitioner intending to rest the Merits of Ins Election on the said Thomas Want of a proper Qualification, declined polling a great Number of Voters who would have polled for the Petitioner; and thereupon the said Thomas Mathews was declared to have the Majority of Votes, and hath linos been returned as a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the said County; and that the Petitioner finds,-that the said Thomas Mathews had not, at the time of the said Election and Return, an Estate Freehold or Copyhold, for his own Life, or for ai\y greater Kltate, either in Law or Equity, to or for his own Uie or Benefit, of or in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,-overand above what will la.tis.fy and clear all Incumbrances, lying or being within die aforesaid Paulites, Townships; or Precincts, or in any or either of them, of the annual Value of /.600 above Reprizes; and that the said Thomas Mathews not being qualified to lit and vote in the 1 ouie of Commons as a Knight of the Shoe for the said County, hisEiectionandReturn, asthePclitionerisadviled. is void; and the Petitioner, who was duly elected a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County,-ought to lave 'oven returned accordingly, instead oMhe

DIflillation from Corn.

An fiver to Arid refs fof Papers.

Glamorgan

Electiou.

66o

said ’Thomas Mathews :And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A. 1757.

Ordered, That Sir Conyers do carry to the

Lords the ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pasture Ground called Whit gift in

the County of York; and for giving a Compensation, in lieu of Tythes, to the Impropriator of the Retftory of Whitgift aforesaid; and defiVe the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

200 — 2i° Januarlu

The other Order of the Day being read;

Cnil of the Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till House. Tuesday Sevennight, the First Day of February next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerisy 2i° 'Janu.arii;

Anno 30* Georgii II41 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

Bart*n Stacy A , TR- Bankes reported from the Committee, to whom inclosure. i.VA the Bill for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing the common Fields, common Downs, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Manor of Barton Stacy, in the Parish of Barton Stacy, in the County of Southampton, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the" Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, w|th the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Burchester A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Field, luclosure. common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Township of Burchester, otherwise Burcefier, otherwise Market End, in the County of Oxford-, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain common Meadows, common Pastures, anti inclosed Grounds, in the said Township; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Parker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Hewett, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. , Mr. Charlton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Cocks, Sir James Creed, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Beauchamp Mr.

Dicker, Sir WilloughbyAfton, Mr. Mr. -wright, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Mr. Poore, Colonel

Acourt, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. More, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. OJbaldeston,(Sir Ellis Cnnliffe, Mr.

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Keck, Mr. M’Kie, Mr. Grenville, Colonel Whitmore, Lord Strange, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Med/ycott, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Gore, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr.

Sir Conyers D’Arcy, Mr. Gaftiry, Mr. Sir John

Glynne, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lewis, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Walter, Mr. Bond, Mr. Clayton, Lord Verney, Mr. Chttwynd, Mr. Mr. Pinney, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Martin, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Freeman, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Powell, Mr.

Mr. Price, Mr Morton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Hume, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Harvey, and all the Members who fewe for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, and Northampton And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for establishing and rendering effectual, Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and common Grounds in Pocklington, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hewett, Lord Parker, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Frederick, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Poore, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. More, Colonel Acourt, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Fane, Mr. , Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Colleton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Turner, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Kynaftoh, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Walter, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Townftiend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Alderman [Baker, Mr. Mr.

Martin, Lord Ma/pas, Mr. Air. Ridley,

Sir Francis Daftnvood, Sir Lord George

Cavendish, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Nix.OJbaldeston,

Sir Henry Grey, Air Fane, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Charles Toz and all the Afem-bers who serve for the Counties of York, , Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmorelanand Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of John Jacob Thomfous was presented to the House, and read; praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Beauchamp ProElor and Sir John Turner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chauncy Townftiend reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of West bury, in the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent, living or residing near to, and frequently travelling, the Road leading from a House in Chapmanftade, in the County of Wilts, called the Nag's Head, through -the Road called Lambs Lane, to a Bridge called Wall Bridge, in the Parish of Frame, in the County of Somerset, and also of the Aldermen and common Burgesses or the Borough of West bury aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Alatter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Air. James Wilkins and Air. John Matravers said. That they know the Road leading from the Town of Westbury aforesaid to a House called the Nag's Head, in Chapmanftade, in the County of , and that the same is in a very ruinous Condition: That at least Two Miles of it is so narrow, that Two Horses cannot pass each other without great Difficulty and Danger, and that the same cannot be sufficiently repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of in the County of Somerset, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a public House in Chapmanftade called the Nag's Head, to a Place called Pin Gate, in the Road to the Town of Westbury, in the County of Wilts.

A Bill

Wr!iit«ift

1m loidrc.

Pockl:n£ton

luclvfure.

Thom foil's

Nit*

Westbury,

kc.

Road.

3 o Geo. It. 21° — 24° Januarii. M t

.Exportation A Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Ex-°/romm Portari°n of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt* Flour, Bread, America. Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, Bacon, or other Victual, from his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, unlds to Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the said Colonies and Plantations, was read a Second time.

RefJved/YheLt the Bill be committed.

Rtf jived. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Army; A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for Mutiny and the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was Deicrtioi. rea(j a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Regulating Mr. Hunter presented to the House, according to Or-1 Forces.'1'* der, a Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty's marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received and read the First time.

Rifj/vedy That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply. The Order of 1 he Day being read, for the House to revive itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocon-fider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the *ns# whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was cl ire died by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

LuncCy 240 die januarii \

Anno 30° Georgii IPJ Regis, 1757. Prayers.

Warminfctr A P ET IT ION of several of the Tru flees for putting in k Road. Jy\. Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 26 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing ami widening the Road leading from the Town of

minster, in the County of to the City of in

the County of Somerset; and also the Road from the Town of From, in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Bcckkgton, in the same County; and for repairing the Road from Hcytejbtiry to Hill, in the County of Wills ,whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Vot.. 27.

Petitioners, by the said Act, cannot take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, more than the Sum of £.3,000, which is not sufficient to repair and widen the said Roads; and that the same cannot be repaired, and kept in good Repair, unless the Petitioners have Power to erect a Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll-house or Toll-houses, upon, in, across, or on the Sides of, the said Road, from the said Town of Frame to the Town of Beckington, which, by the said Act they are re-

strained from doing; and a!(> unless the Petitioners have a Power to borrow a further Sum of Money on the Credit of the said Tolls: And taking Notice, that a Bill is now depending in the House, for repairing the Roads leading from and out of the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset: And therefore praying. That Provision maybe made in the said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fanac, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. ProivfSir John , Mr. Ridley, Mr. Med/ycott, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Robert Long, Lord Egmont, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Lyfler, Mr.

yerjunior, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Archer, Mr. Webb, Mr. Sy-

monds, Mr. Townshend, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Mr.

Colcbrooke, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Charles Lord

Verney, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Popham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Recorder of London, Lord Malpas , Mr. Charles Mr. West, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Hardmge, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fuller, Mr. CholmiMr. Hayes-, and

all the Members who lerve for the Counties of,

Wilts, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Warwick of the County of Wanvick, whose Names are under- Shire Ha l written, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Shire Hall for the said County hath been taken down, with an Intent to be rebuilt; and that the Petitioners find, that the Expence of this Undertaking will amount to/.4,000, which cannot be raised without the Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying.

That (for the Purpose of rebuilding and completing the said Hftl, which the Public Exigence requires to be done as expeditiously as may be) Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for raising the Sum of /.4,000 by a Rate or Tax upon the said County, or by such other Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mr.

Prozvfe, Mr. Onfow, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr.

Mr. Bristow, Mr. Craven, Mr. Popham, Mr Kynafon,

Mr. Coventry, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Grove, Mr. Willes, Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Glynne,

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr.

Mr. More, Lord Malpas, Mr. Walter, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Medlycot, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Olmitis, Mr. Barber, Sir Thomas Palmer, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Alderman,

Mr. Walpole, Lord George Cavettdi/h-, and all the Members who serve for the Court ties of Warwick, Leicester, Northampton, Stafford, and Oxen: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Ciock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Punishment the more effectual Punishmer.t of Cheats of all Kinds; of Cheat*, and for the further preventing the Imbezzlement of Goods and Apparel by those who are intrusted with them; and 8 F for

t^-

Hitchin to Bedford Road.

Jllh

Price of Co. n.

662 24* Januarli. A. 1757*

for preventing Gaming in public Houses: And that Mr.

George Onslow, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Glynne,

Mr. Hardinge, the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Richard Lloyd\ and Mr. Sandys, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freehold rs and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the high Road leading from the Park Gates of Edward Radcliffe E {quire, at the South End of the Town oi Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through the several Pari (lies of Icleford, in the said County of Hertford, and Hohve/l, Shift ling ton, Upper Stondon, Meppa/l, in the County of Bedford, and the Town of She ford, to Dead Maris Crfls, in the Parish of Hawnes, and from thence through Carrington Cotton-end\ and Harrow dine to a Farm House called 5W//Z Leonard's, at the South-well End of the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford; and also the High Road from the turning out of the aforesaid Road into Henlozv Field, through the Parishes of Hen low and Clifton Stafford \n the Parish of Sonthili, Hill Lane in the Parish of OA/ Warden, and Cnldecot and Hatch in the Parish of Nor hill, to Gerford Bridge, in the said County of Bedford; are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the prdent Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore piaving, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bll for effectually repairing and widening the said lloads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Thomas Mojlxn, Mr. Thrift., Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Wynne, Mr. FeHowes, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Sandys, Sir John ITrude Cotton, Sir Roger Newdigate, S.r John Barrington, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cocks, Sir Matthew Larnbe, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. More, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wiibraham, Mr. Willes, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Myddelton, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gy boons, Mr. Fone-reau, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Craven, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Lascelles, Sir Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Aid-worth; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and Backs: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, 'and Records.

A Petition'of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Common Council, of the City of Gloucester, at a Council House holden this 17th Day of January 1757, was prefnted to the House, and read; alleging, That the very great and uuuiual Scarcity of Corn, and the exorbitant Price of all other Provisions, is a Grievance j u ft I y complained of, and to which may bealcribed the many Riots and tumultuous Ddbrders ;n many Parts of tins Kingdom, but particularly in the Neighbourhood of the said City; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the Source of thele Evils muff at present arile from the large Consumption of the bell Grain in the Distillery, and tine great Deficiency of the new and old Stocks; and that the Importation of foreign Corn will be ot unf;-cokable Service, provided it can be brought into this Kingdom Duty Iree: And therefore praying, That the Duty on foreign Corn may be iuipended for a reasonable Time to be limited by the House; and that the House will grant such fuituer Relief in respect to Difullers, and to the 1 % ’ ~ "

Measure and Weight of Corn and Bread, as to the House shall seem meet; that so thele being properly adjusted. One regular, uniform, and equal, Aiiize of Biead, may be established.

Ordered, That so much of the said Petition as relates to Weights and Measures, be referred to the Committee who are appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, residing in and near the P irishes of Melhsham, Corsham, ar.ci Bidde-stone, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the 'Highway leading from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw I I'll, in the Parish of Melhsham, through Gcored Lane, Cor-sham, Biddeflone, and West Yatton, to the burn pike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of (Tilts, is very ruinous, and in many Places extremely narrow, and is become dangerous, and almost impassable for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be sufficiently widened, amended, and kept in proper Repair, without the Aid of Par lament: And therefore praying the House to t ike the Premhcs into Confiden-tion, and give Leave to bring in a Bill fur the effectual widening and repairing the fame, or such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Lon7, Mr. Popham, Mr. Fonerean, Mr. Vernon, Mr. TownJhenJ, Lord Mal-pas, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Cvlebrooke, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. O/mius, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Symonds, MFuller, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Charles Tozvnfliend, Sir John Cnfl, Sir Matthew Larnbe, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Glynne, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hewett, the Marquis of Carnarvon, the Marquis of Winchester, Sir PJchard Grosvenor, Mr. Willes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Craven, Mr. Grove, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Pitt, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Martin, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Henry Monro, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Fdlozves, Colonel Lee, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Jenyis, Mr. Wefighalvig, Mr. Lyfier, Sir John Morgan, Sir John Philipps; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, OLS\d Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And a\\ who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Lane have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

-The Lord Barrington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines: And the same was received; and read tue Firff: time,

Resolved, That the Bdl be read a Second time.

Air. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he r<a 1 in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

Resolved, 'That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to lus Aiajeily, a Sum, not exceeding One million Fifty thousand and Five Pounds and Five Shillings, be raised by way of Lot-

rerv.

Shaw Hill Road,

Leave of A b fence.

Recruiting the L^nd Forces.

Ways and ]\leani.

3o Geo. II. 2 4° — tfjanudrii. 66$

tery, upon the Terms and in the Manner following; that is to say. That such Lottery shall consist of Tickets of the Value of One Guinea each: That as soon as such Tickets can be prepared, and be ready to be delivered* whereof public Notice shall be given in the London Gazette, any Person shall be at Liberty to purchase any Number of such Tickets at the Bank of England, and at such other Places as the Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury flv.ill direct; and that One Moiety of the Amount of the Value of such Tickets shall be divided into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery; and that the Prizes attending the fortunate Tickets shall be paid to the several Proprietors thereof on or at any time after the aoth Day of January 1758* without any Deduction whatsoever.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said iveloiution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, the Lord Duncannon, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and'bring in, the fame.

Kcwfim’s A Petition of James Nezvfam Craggs Esquire, waspre-tome. fented to the I Dull , and read; fitting forth, That Ann Nugent, late of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, by her aft Will and Testament, bearing Date the 17th Day O' May 1 754, gave and dcvised several Estates in the said Will mentioned to the Uft of James Nezvjam of Chadjhunt, in the County of Warwick, Esquire, the only Son of the Teflat rix by the late John NeivJam, of Chadjhunt, Esquire, her late Hufb.iiid, anu his aiiigns, for and during the Term of his Lift, without Impeachment cf Waste; Remainder to Trustees, and their Heirs, during his Life, to preserve contingent Remainders, with clivers Remainders over, on condition that the said James Nezv-Jam, and his Heirs, should, as they respectively came into Po He (lion of the Premises, take upon him and themselves respectively, and ule, the Surname of Craggs; and that the Petitioner has accordingly taken upon himself the Surname of Craggs; and is ck lirous that the same should be established on him, and Ins I Hoc, by Autho i:y of Parliament: And therefore prays, Thai Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Pa.poics ntordaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of :i:e laid Petition: And that Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Edouard Smith, Mr. V/ilies, and Sir John G/ynne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee Ordered, That Mr. Hurley? Colonel Mcdyn, Lord

of George Bentinck, Sir John G/ynne, Mr. Symmonds, Mr.

Privileges. Whittington, Mr. Wi.Ik inf on, Mr. Morgan, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Sandys, Sn Nicholas Bayly, Colonel Honey-zvoed, Lord Pozverfcourt, Mr.- Norton, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Yorhe, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bath ay fl, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Bulloch, Sir Robert Burden, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Campbell, Mr. GAebrodke, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Dciaval, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Ed:\cumMr. Put, Mr. Frederick, Mr.

- Lafce/tes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mcrrice, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Sharpe, Mr. Noel, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. TlrJlUthwayte, Mr. Walter, Mr. Tonge, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

P.:per* . Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their

Ript-cVinfr Addicts 10 his Majesty, fheOrJiiance ]\j° 1. Copy of his Majesty’s Warrant, dated the 12th

0j1jCL- Gf November 1755, for getting ready 32 Brals Ordnance and Stores to join 16 Battalions ol Foot:

2. Copy of his Majesty’s Warrant, dated the 27th of March 1756, lor the Payment of a Train of Artillery: j. Copy of his Majdlj’s Warrant, dated the 6th of Jit v 175^, for the Tam of Artillery to march to By-fleet, anu encamp:

Vol. 27.

4. Copy of the Cohtraft made by the Board of Ordnance, for Artillery Horses:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Mr. Earle also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A particular Account of the several Articles, which* together, makeup the Sum ot £. 47,869. 2s. 4d. mentioned in an Account (ft the Exceedings of the Office of Ordnance, in the Year 1736, fur winch no Allowance has been made by Parliament.

N° 1. Charge of the Trains of Artillery attending the Battalions of Foot in England:

2. Pay of Officers, Mmilters, Artificers, and Attendants on the Field Train, fitted out for immediate Service:

3. Hire of Horses and Drivers for Service of the Field Train fitted out for immediate Service:

4. Charge of Waggons, Hamels, Intrenching Tools,

Tents, and other Srores, provid 'd for the Field Train fitted out for immediate Service:

5. Charge of Forage, Wood, Straw, and Incidents, attending the Field Train fitted out for immediate Service:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

And the Paper, intituled, 2. Pay of Officers, Ministers, and Attendants on the Field drain fitted out for immediate Service, was also read. {

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers areprefcrved amongst the other Papers of this Seffioiu

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Pay rf count of the Pay of the Mailer General and the Lieute- e0^cr nant General of the Ordnance, as Staff Officers in the Ordnance, Year 1757; and also the Pay of such other Mailers Ge- &c. neral and Lieutenants General as have been put upon the Staff trom the Year 1688.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this 1 louse will, upon Wednesday Morn* Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 5" die J;

Anno 30* Georgii IF Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

MR. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom Warminfle the Petition of several of the Trullees for putting Road, in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road loading from the Town of Westminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset; and also the Road from the Town of Frome, in the said County of Somerset, to the Town of Beckingtcn, in the same County; a:j 1 for repairing the Road from Hcytefbury to Anlirow Hul, in the County of Wilts; whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, Tint the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foil owe tli viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Act was read: Whereby it appeared. That the Trullees are rest rained from erecting any Gate or Turnpike on any Part of the Road between the said Towns of Frome and BecUngton, and are a!lb restrained

trom

High Price of Coro.

Shipston

Toll Gate Road.

664 25 JaMarit.A 1757.

from borrowing, on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Act; granted, more than the Sum of Three thousand

Pounds.

Mr. John French said, That the Sum of Three thousand Poundshas been found inefficient to repairand widen the said Roads; and that the same cannot be sufficiently repaired and kept in Repair, unless the Trustees are ini-powered to borrow a further Sum of Money for that Purpose, and also to erect a Gate or Turnpike between the said Towns of Frome and Becking

The House was moved, That several Clauses in the Act referred to in the said Petition, which Act was made in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, might be read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, to impowerthe Trustees for putting the said Act: in Execution to borrow a further Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls therein mentioned; and also for repealing a Clause in the said Act, which restrains the Trustees therein named from erecting any Gate or Turnpike, or Toll-house, in, across, or on the Sides of, any Part of the said Road from the said Town of Frome to the said Town of Beckington.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, capital Burgesses, Common Council, Merchants, and others. Inhabitants of the Town of Lanca in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read;

complaining of the advanced Price of Corn and Bread in those Parts, and of the Scarcity of Bread Corn in other Parts of the kingdom, owing, as the Petitioners apprehend, in part to the Badneis of lull Year’s Crop, but more so to the immense Quantities of Corn used in the making of spirituous Liquors: And alleging, that the Petitioners conceive the Importation of Corn from foreign Parts would be the only lure Means of Relief in this Time of Distress: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to make l'uch Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one paired in the 3d, and the other in the 17th, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipston Toll Gate at Bridgetown, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster, and ShipjlonuponStower,

to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick, and also of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, residing in and near Stratford upon , in the said County of Warwick, and and Chipping

Campden in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trustees appointed by the said Acts have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which, together with the Toils collected, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and great Progress hath been made in amending the said Road; but that the said Trustees are unable to finish the Reparation thereof, and to repay the Money so borrowed, unless the Tolls are augmented, and the Terms and Powers contained in the said Acts further continued and enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual: And further letting forth, that the Road leading out of the said Shipston Road, from the First Mile Stone, to a Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden aforesaid, is become very inconvenient and dan-

gerous for Travellers, and impassable for Carriages, except in very dry Summers; and in general is so bad, that the same cannot be repaired and kept amended by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for augmenting the said Tolls, and continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts, and for making the same more effectual; and also for repairing and widening the said Road leading out of the said Shipston Road, from the said First Mile Stone, to Andover's Ford aforesaid, by l'uch Ways and Means, and under l'uch Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred terthe Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Nugent, Mr. West, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Thomas Mr.

King, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. John Gore, Sir John Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Bond, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fane, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Campbell, Sir Lionet Pitkin'‘on, Mr.

Hanger, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Mr.

Heivett, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Mr. Ban ices, Mr.

Walter, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. CheMr. Symauds Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Levels, Mr. MSir

gate, Mr. Kynaft on, Mr. Baihnrft, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

More, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Wilkinfm, Sir John A:organ, Mr. Nor!lay, Mr. Pye, Sir Francis Dnjhzvood, Mr.

dxs, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Sir Francis

Poole, Mr.. IVig/ey, Mr. Foley, Sir John Cuff, Mr. lozves, Mr. Which 'icot, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr.

Willey, Mr. Garth, ?>lr. Poore, Mr. Coventry, Mr., Bowes, Mr. George Onfoza; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties ot Warwick, Worcester, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Downs, Meadows, and Failures, within the Manor of Barton Stacy, in the Parish of Barton Stacy, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing the common. Fields, common Downs, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Manor of Barton Stacy, in the Parish of Barton Stacy, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Bankes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable James Nezvfam Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Craggs: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Ann Hofffhleger, Widow and Relict of John Barnard Hoff/h/eger, late of the City of Dublin, Gentleman, deceased, Daniel Falkiner Esquire, Merchant, and Alderman of the same City, John also of the fame

City, Gentleman, and Ann Betagh his Wife, and of the said John Betagh, for and in behalf of Ann Betagh the younger, and Elizabeth Betagh, his Daughters, and only Children, Minors under the Age of 21 Years, and of Robert Betagh, of the City of London, Gentleman, and William Betagh, of the same City, Gentleman, and Henry Ma-

thew, of Athy, in the County of Kildare, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Robert Cheatham, late of the City of Dublin, Merchant, did, in the Year 1716, pyrehafe the Remainder of a Lease agreed to be made by the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Trinity House, for 99

Barton

Stacy

Inclosure.

Newfam’t

Name.

F^vftone

Lifcbthouse.

JO Geo. II. 2 50 Januarii. 5

Years commencing from the 28th of 1708, of the Edyjione Light-house, and the Produce of the Duties upon Shipping granted by Two Acts of Parliament for defraying the Expence ofcretfting and supporting the said Light-house; Three Eighth Parts of which Purchase were in Trust for himself, Three Eighth Parts for Robert West on and the remaining Two Eighth Parts fur Richard Noyes Esquire: and that, in conformity to the said Sale, the said Mader. Wardens, and Assistants, on the 5th o gn/! 1727, demili.nl to the said Robert Robert

Cheatham, and to the Executrix of the said Richard Noyes, according to the said Proportions, the said Lighthoul'e and Duties, and all Benefit arising therefrom, and Powers relating thereto, for the said Term of 99 Years, i abject to the annual Kent of £. too to the said Corporation; and that, on the 2d Day of December 1755, the find Light-house, and all the Buildings belonging thereto, were destroyed by Fire; and, from the most exact Computation which the Petitioners have been able to procure trom experienced Persons, the necessary Expences of rebuilding the fame, togetl er with the intermediate Expences to be incurred on account thereof, horn the Destruction of the fortner to the Erection of a new L'ght-house, will amount to upwards of £.to, oco in t lie* W hole; and that the Proportion of the fud Sum of £. 10,000 to he fiuftained by the Petitioners, will amount to about £.3,7 50, of which r he Petitioner AmiHcffjhlercris incapab.col advancing any Part;

and the Petitioner Daniel Falkincrbeingonly an Annuitant

thereon, and the Petitioner John Betagh being only entitled

to a contingent Lie Eld ate therein; and the Petitioners Ann Bel ay h the vtmnger. and Elizabeth Retag h, his Children, being Infants, r lie Petitioners have no other Kelource for repairing this Calamity, fare by the Interpolation of Parliament, to enable the Petitioners, by Salcor Mortgage of the interest derived to them from t lie laid Robert ft an in the said Duties, to raiie a competent Sum of M ney wherewith to contribute their Proportion of the necessary Charges cf rebuilding the said Light-house, and rekindling a Lght therein, with all the intermediate and incident Expences thereto belonging; in which necessary Undertaking (which is hkewile of the greatest public Utility) great Progress hath been already made at the Expence of the other Proprietors and Owners, who have advanced laree Sums of Money on account thereof, as well in respect of their own Interest as of the Petitioners, who have been hitherto unable to contribute thereto: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to make such P10-vision therein as the Iiou.e Hull think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be giveFi bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition :, And that Mr.

George Onflozv and Mr. Sau-lysdo prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

A Petition "of the Bailin'? and Comrrmf'.’dry of the B >- H;:.h

rough of Tnurworth. in the Counties of StalerJand // *"-wick, was presented to rl.e Moule, and read; represent- . ing the MberLs and Hard ships to which the Poor and more laboiious Ranks ot People are reduced by the present high Price of Corn, occaficned, as the Petitioners apprehend, by an artificial Scarcity cleared by the Miller;, and other Hngr.T’ers: And alleging. That the Petitioners conceive Dretling or Boulting Mills to be very injurious to the Public, n>>nvitlifiatu!ing the specious Pretence cf Advantage: And therefore praying, That as if is the undoubted Interest of this Kingdom, that the uLful and industrious Manufacturer may he furr.ished with a Subsistence for himself and his Family upon moderate Terms, that he may afford his Labour at a low Price, in order that we may be able to fell our Manufactures at foreign Maikets, at Icaft as cheap as our Rivals and implacable Enemies the French, the House, always vigilant over the Liberties, and attentive to the Welfare, of their Condiments, will take the Premises into their most lerious ConsideraMwn, and provide such Remedy as to them fiiail be thought fir.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee who are appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price ot Corn and Bread for the future.

Vice Admiral Bcfcazven, from the Commissionters far Acccvnt of executing the Office of Lord High. Admiral of Great Fi.'» Orm^ Britain, presented to the House. pursuant to their Order, an Account ot all the Flag Ollicers, Captains, Matters and Commandets, and Lieutenants, of his Majesty’s Navy, with the Date of their respective Commissions, and the Pay they now receive, distinguishing thoe who are on Half-pay from those who are now empioved.

Vice Admiral Bcfcazven also presented to the House, BuiIJin» pursuant to their Addref's to his Majesty, an Estimate of ot what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, ^'P4' and Repairs,-of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1757.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Vol. 2.7.

s o

Navy

An ESTI W ATE of what may be necessary for the Buildings, lie buildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty's Ships, for the Year 1757

Honourable I louse of Commons, dated the 12th Irtstant.

Navy Office, 19th January i^jm Prepared in pursuance of an Order from the

Place where. Guns. i Ships Nnpies.

Deptford - j Hercules -

74 Dublin - -

74 Norfolk - -

Woohuich 9° Blenheim -

74 A7//r; - . -

74 Thunderer - -

60 Rippon - -

Chatham - 90 1 Sandwich -

74 Lenox -

Portsmouth - 100 j Britannia - -

70 Dorsetshire -

Plymouth - 74 -

River Thames ... 1 74 Fame - -

74 Shrewsbury -

74 iVarfpight -

Hull - - . - 70 New Ship -

River 'Thames 60 America - -

60 Edgar - -

60 Firm ..

River Medway - 60 Panther - -

North am - - — - 74 Resolution -

*V*2h .-Tf’ N r 1

Viz, The Sum

Nature of their Repair.

- - - - Buildi

Building

Building

| Building -

| Building -Building -

| Building -

Building

j Building -

Building -Building-,

Time when may be

Taken in Hand.

In Hand - -

In Hand -

In Hand * -

In Hand - -

In Hand - -

Ships building in Merchants

In Hand -

In Hand -

In Hand - -

In Hand -

In Hand -

Completed.

7/W1758, -May 1757

August 1 757 I September 1759,) Decern ber 1757,) September 17 r8

[ 7^ , 757 - -1 September 1759 Alar. 1758 f Uncertain- -I December 1757 June 1758 - -

Yards.

r May 1758

September 1757 I November 1757

October 1758 -f June 1757 -

Mar. 1758 -

I October 1758 -

April 1758 January 1758 -

Total t

ABSTUAC T. For the Hulls of the Ships -

- - 233,673

Prfo, The Sum of Two hundred Thirty-three thousand Six hundred and Seventy-three Pounds.

G. Cokburndy Thro. Slade* IV. Bateley, Dan. Devert, Richard Hall, R. Osborn,

G. Adams, Jj. Dent* Timothy Brelt.

Charge of their TOTAL.

Hulls, Masts, and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

9,000 - 9,000

9,096 9,096

I7»,35 17*35

4,600 4,600

18,000 - 18,000

5,000 5,000

8,870 - 8,870

9,000 9,000

15,000 15,000

4,000 4,000

H>972 - 14797*

12,000 12,000

I 5,000 15,000

16,000 16,000

iS,oooo - 18,000

1 2,000 - 12,000

10,000 - 20,000

8,000 - 8,000

6,000 - 6,000

7,000 7,000

15,006 15,000

233.673 - 233.673

Cjrt

o

Si

2:

k

cn

Regulating the Marine Force*.

Importation of Corn, Ice.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Nova

Scotia.

Army; Mutiny and Pefertion,

30 Geo. II.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read a Second time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to discontinue, for a Time to be limited, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meai, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. L. After " Duty-free," to insert " and may " be carried Coastwise, under such Regulations as Corn of ihc Growth of this Kingdom is now allowed to be w carried Coastwise."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and al;o upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ResolveddThzX. the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 7 Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Estimates of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1757.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s Most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they bad made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 27.

66 7

Mercurii, 26* die yanuarit \

Anno 30° Georgii IId| Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

THE Lord Bateman reported to the House, That Ansi(-pr their Addressof Yesterday/fhat his Majesty would to Ackirtfs lie graciously pleated to give Directions, That the Estimate hr an therein mentioned might belaid before this House, had minim*, been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Cattle Thornton Gates within a certain Moor, Hinted Pasture or Common, Inclosure. lying and being within the Manor of BiJJiop Thornton with Bishopfide, in the County of York, called,

otherwise Bishop Thornton Mohr, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That the said Moor now lieth open and uninclosed, and is, in its present Situation, incapable of Improvement, and is very' proper to be inclo'ed, and would be of great Advantage to the several Owners and Proprietors of Cattle Gates in and upon the fame, if inclosed and divided into just Allotments and Proportions to and for the several Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Moor,

/tinted Pasture or Common, according to every Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

H'ilkinson, Mr. Cholmley, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Tozvnjhend presented to the House, according to Militia. Order, a Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Vizy* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *n<lMe#n*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 die 'Januarii;

Anno 30* Georgii IP* Regis, 1757.

Praters.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Horne, from Greenwich the Commissioners for Greenwich Hospital, attended HospiuL at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purliiant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the Derwent water Estate, between ift December 1755, and 30th November 1736, and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

27th

*25° — 2 6° — 2 70 Januarii

668 27° Januarii. A 1757-

27 th January,

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainder of James late Earl of Deriventwater, and Charles Radcliffe;

Requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenxvich to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said royal Hospital in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the eafiestand most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons, a.id to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty and both Houses of Parliament, respectively:

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report as followeth:

There has been received by the Treasurer, between the I ft of* December 1755* an(l the 30th

November 1756, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate; s. d.

On Account of the annual Hents 7»°42 *4 3

On Account of the Lead Mines - -- - 2,457 5 ^4

On Account of the Timber sold by the Court of Exchequer ----- 990-----

£.10,490-----

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

In finishing Cabins in the Mczanine Story of Queen Mary's Building for One hundred and Forty Men, finishing the North West Lodge and Taylors Work. Hoorn, finishingrhe Safe Room for keeping the Hospital Deeds and Writings, and purchasing s and Stanley's Houses and Ground; all which Works and Expences have been done and brought to Account, and amount to the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence - -

The ordinary Works done this Year in keeping the Building, Furniture, Hoads, Drains, and Pipes, in Repair, and other necessary Works for the Service of the Hospital, amount to the Sum of One thousand Three hundred and Twelve Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence -

£ s. d.

1,297 8 x

1,312 5 ii-

2,609 J4

7 ~ "ir~ TTST

Note, Ti.ere has been paid by the Receivers out of the Money arising from the Bents

and Profits of the Estate, lx tween the 1st December 1755, and the 30th No- d.

vember 1756, on Account of Repairs

By Order of the Commissioners,

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The House was informed, That Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door:

A Member And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having take» Oaths, taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Mr. Rozve was culled in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Account of An Account of the Bounties on Britishi and coarse Linen Linens exported from Scotland, paid out of such Part of Bounty, the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, to the 5th oi January 1757, inclusive, pursuant to a Clause of an Act of the 20th, and a Clause of an Act of lhe22d, of his present Majesty; together with the Quantities of the several Species of Linen for which the said Counties have been paid; And also,

Whale An Account of what Number of Ships from Scotland fishery. have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Str eights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port they were discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship has imported, from the 10th of Othber 1755.

And the said Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Excif'e in Scotland, also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Duty on An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty Plate- on Silver Plate in Scotland, commenced the 5th of July 17 5*> from that Day, to the 2d of December 1736.

And then he withdrew.

232 14 4

Rd. Horne.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perufetl by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Lrvefon Gower presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming and establishingTvvo several Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing Northwood Hanchurch Heath and Toft , in the Manor and Parish of Trent ham, in the County of And the same was received; and read the First time. Refohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; reciting several Parts of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the incorporating certain Persons for the better providing for and setting at Work the Poor in the City of; and setting forth.

That, in pursuance of the said Act, a Workhouse was set up in the said City, and now continues; and that the Poor thereof have been, and are, employed and maintained there, and several considerable Sums of Money have been given to the Corporation for the Uses aforesaid; but that the Revenues of the said Corporation, and the Monies thereby impowered to be by them raised, afterfome Y'ears, became insufficient for the Maintenance of the Poor; and also reciting several Parts of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repealing Part, and making more effectuul the Residue of, the aforesaid Act; and alto setting forth, that, in pursuance of t he said last mentioned Act, the Poor of the Hamlets of Sr. Michael, St. , and St.

Catherine, were taken into the said Workhouse, and were 15 maintained

Trent him Inclosure.

Gloucester

Poor.

30 Geo. II,

maintained and employed there till on or about the 19th Day of June 1755, that the Inhabitants of the several Places aforesaid have, in general, been very remils in col-leifting and paying the Monies that were to be by them paid for the Maintenance of their Poor; and, sometime after the said 19th Dav of June 1735, the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of St. Mary took their Poor out of the said Workhouse; and that the Inhabitants of the said other Hamlets have since done the like; but have not paid l'eve-ral Sums of Money that were to be by them paid to the said Corporation for the Maintenance of their respective Poor, to the Amount of Three hundred Pounds, or thereabouts, and now relufeto pay the lame; and that the Powers by the said Acts given for enforcing the assessing and collecting the Monies to be raised by the said Places for the Maintenance of their Poor, and the Payment thereof to the said Corporation, are very defective; and that, by l-eafon of the great Increase of the Poor, and Dearnels of Provisior.s of late Years, the Revenues of the said Corporation have for some time been, and now are, tar short of being sufficient for the Maintenance of the Poor in the Paid Workhouse; wherefore the said Corporation have applied £.800 and upward, of the principal Money given to them, as aforesaid, and have contracted divers Debts, to the Amount ofj£. 850 or thereabouts, for the necessary Relief of the Poor; and that the said Workhouse mult inevitably fink, if the said Corporation are not impowered to raise more Money for the Maintenance of the Poor than by the said Acts they are impowered to raise; and that Families, and particular Persons, very often want only temporary Reliefs, and may be moreeafily and properly relieved by pecuniary Payments, for those particular Times, than by being taken into the said Workhouse; but that the Corporation have not, by either of the said Acts, Power to grant any such Relief; and further letting forth, That the said City, through the Want of a Power to raise Money for letting up and keeping Lamps therein, is destitute of proper Lights in the Streets, which renders the FafTages in the Streets in Night-times very incommodious: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, that so much of the said Act, made in the 13j.l1 Year of the Reign of his late Maj.tly, as relates to the receiving and maintaining the Poor of the aforesaid Hamlets in the said Workhouse, may be repealed; that the said Corporation may be impowered to charge such further Sums upon and out of the Parishes and Precincts in the said City, as shall be sufficient to replace the aforesaid principal Sum lb by them expended, as aforesaid, and to pay the several Debts so by them contracted, as aforesaid, and such further Sums as shall be fteteflary and sufficient to maintain and provide for the Poor of the same Parishes and Precincts for the future; and may also be impowered to grant pecuniary and other Reliefs to poor Persons out of the said Workhouse, and to set up a sufficient Number of Lamps in the said Streets, and to charge and raise such Sums of Money upon and out of the said Parishes and Precincts within the said City, as shall be sufficient for the setting up and supplying of such Lamps; and may be more effectually impowered to raise all the aforesaid Sums out of the said Parishes and Precincts, and to charge and raile the several Sums of Money lev as aforesaid due from the said Hamlets to the said Corporation, upon and out of the said Hamlets; and that the aforesaid Two Acts, and the Powers thereincontained, may be so explained, amended, and enforced, in such Manner, and by such Powers and Authorities, as to the House shall seem meet*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee r And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Pye, Mr, Symonds, Mr. Berkel, Lord Lord

Shelburne, the Marquis of Gra, Mr. Elliot, Sir John Crosse, Sir George 2'onge, Lord Mr. cot, Mr. Harris, Mr. Young, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fox, Mr. Lascelles, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Walter, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Vol. 27.

669

Moore, Mr. Ilardinge, Mr. More, Mr. Sir John

Philipps, Mr Hunter, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Conyngham, Mr. Gajkry, Mr. Alderman

Beckford, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. North Mr. , Mr. Hewett, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Digby; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Worcester,

and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcot be added to the Com- PocJclinjrtoa mittee, to whom the Bill for establishing and rendering hiciofure. feffectual Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and common Grounds in , in

the County of York, is committed;

Mr. George Onslow prefinted to the House, according Edystone to Order, a Bill for vesting the Estate and Interest late Iighthousei of Robert Cheatham Esquire, deceased, in the Duties granted by certain Acts of Parliament for maintaining a Light-house on the Edyjhne Rock, in Trustees, in Trust, to raise Money to be applied towards rebuilding the said Light-house: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The Order of the Day, being teadr for the House to Exportation tefolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon of Com the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Expor- America, tation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit,

Starch, Beef; Pork, Bacon, or other Victual, from his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, unless to Great Britain or Ireland, or to fotne of the said Colonies and Plantations;

Oraered, That it be ari Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for permitting, for a limited Time, the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and , in Ships

and Vessels belonging to any State in Amity with his Majesty, from any Port or Place whatsoever.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to permit a certain Quantity of Wheat, Barlfey, Oats, Meal, and Flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Use of the Inhabitants there.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rigby took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rigby reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-moirow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Recru;tw resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon she Land the Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Fore*. Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines;

Resolved, That this House will, To-tnorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day beitig read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ' Arrhy whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punish- Mutiny ing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment n "nd. of the Army and their Quarters. ertwn*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. ‘Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. 'Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

2 H Ordered,

2 70 Janu

T enbury Kuau*.

Frome

Roads.

670

Ordered, That the Report be received upon

Morning- next.

O

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 die;

Anno 30° Georgii IF1 Regis, 1757.

P r a t e r s.

MP. Edward Herbert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, and Hereford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto ;which they had directed him to report to the House y and he read the Report in his Place > and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question leve-rally put thereupon, were, witljan Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolled.

Mr. Proz-fe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A. 1-757.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

A Petition of Sir Edward Blackett Baronet, and Dame-Ann his. Wife, Robert Dunn, Edward Rutter, Edward« Craggy, an Infant, by John Rowe/! and William Hunter, his Guardians, Francis Heath, Michael Pear fun Esquire, Michael Archer, Robert Fairbairne, and Edward ColHngr Wood, was presented to the I louse, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners arc the Owners and Proprietors of all the Lands, Grounds, and Tenements lying and being -in the Township of West Maifcn,\v\ the County of North- ‘ uni her land; and that the Town Fields of West' Mntfen* contain about 1,250 Acres, which lie open, and the' Lands belonging to the Petitioners therein, are dispersed*] in several Parcels, and intermixed one with another, so as to render them inconvenient to the several Owners’ thereof: That there is alto belonging to the Petitioners^ and adjoining upon the said Town Fields, a ftnall Parcel of common or waste Ground, containing 50’ Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners are; desirous that the said open Town Fields, and common: or waste Ground, should be divided and inclosed, pursuant to certain Articles of Agreement, dated t lie 2d An-' gujl, 1756; which will tend greatly to the Benefit'of the] Petitioners, and be of public Utility: But as the said Division and Inclosure cannot be eilcftiially tflablished; without the Aid of Parliament, theref ore praying. That] Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing the said Articles, and rendering the same effectual for tire Pur poles aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-/ suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sit* Henry Grey, Mr. Ridley, Sir Thomas Clavering, and Mr* Crajier, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their' Order,

An Account of the Pay of the Master General and the' Lieutenant General of the Ordnance, as Staff Officers in the Year 1757; and also the Pay of such other Masters General and Lieutenants General, as have been put upon ’ the Staff, from the Year 1688.

And the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz*

2 7° — 2 8° Januarii.

An ACCOUNT of the Pay of the Matter General and the Lieutenant General of the Ordnance, as Staff Officers in the Year 1757 >and also the Pay of such other Masters General and Lieutenants General, as have been put upon the Staff, from the Year 1688: — Prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, the 24th Day of January 1757.

Pay of the Matter General and the Lieutenant General of the Ordnance, as Staff Officers, in the Year 1757-Marter General, Char let Duke of Marlborough ----- 4 per diem.

Lieutenant General, Sir John Ligonier - -- 3 per diem.

Pay of the Masters General and Lieutenants General, as have been put upon the Staff, from the 16S9. May 28. Train for Ireland,

Matter General, Duke Scorn berg -

1689. July 1.ft'rain for Ireland,

Matter General, Duke Scomberg -

170 February 8. Train for Holland,

Matter General, John Earl of Marlborough -

1745. November 8. Train in Great Britain,

Matter General, Duke of Montagu -

Lieutenant General, Marshal Wade- - -

174J.. March 22. Augmentation to the Train in Flanders,

Lieutenant General, Sir John Ligonier- - - - -1756. March 27. Train in England,

Matter General, Charles Duke of Marlborough -

But on llcir.g a Matter General had taken the Field for Four Pounds per , has repaid to the Treal'urer of the Ordnance the Six Pounds per diem, and kept but Four.

Lieutenant General, Sir John Ligonier - - - J

Year 1688.

£.10 per diem.

£.10 per diem'.

£. 4 per diem.

£. 4 per diem. 3 per diem.

£. 3 per

£. 10 per diem.

£. 3 per diem. Ordered,

Wcfr

Marfen

Incloluie.

Account} Mailer General of Ordnance.

Jo Geo. II. i8° — icf Januarii. — V Februarii. 671

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sabb at i, 290 d

S-H;n» The Lord M.r’or of London reported from' the Com-ol'-;'.rn^l,y miftee, who Were appointed to consider ct proper Provi-f> fions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future, and to report the same to the House, with all convenient Speed, That the Committee had made fume further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had Come to several Uefiilutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Piece; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:-Where the same were read; and are as followeth';

Refo’ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to prevent Abtlfes and Frauds in buying and selling Corn and Grain, and to reduce it to one Standard, all Persons be obliged to buy and sell all Sorts of Corn, Grain, Meal, and Flour, by We;ght only.

‘ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bounty given for the Exportation of Corn and Grain, should be ascertained by the W eight of such Corn and Grain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Assize of Bread be fixed agreeable to the Price and Weight of the Com and Grain of which such Bread shall be made.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Month, the Third Day of March next.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

and Ml a ns. resolve ittclf into a Committee of the whole House, so consider further of W avs and Means for raising the

V # O

Supply granted to his M; yefty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. . The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refo/vc'd, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Exportation The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the of Corn Report from the Committee of the whole House, to America. whom the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beet, Pork, Bacon, or other Victual, from his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in unless to Great Britain or Ireland, or to same of the said Colonies and Plantations, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon TuesdayMorning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

fcecr,;ting The House resolved itself into a Committee of the the Land whole House, upon the Bill for the speedy and effec-Forces. tual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

’ Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That »* ’ they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, 1 when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow i- ' Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Anno 30° Georgii IT1 Regis, 1757.

P It A V K R S.

MU. George Onslow presented to the House. accord-

ing to Order, a Bill 1 r the more effectual Punishment of Cheats; and for the further preventing the Embezzlement of Goods and Apparel by those who are intrusted with them; and for preventing Gaming in public Houses: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.;

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.,

A Bill to enable fames Netvfam Esquire, and his Heirs*

to take and ule the Surname of Graggs, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr Charies Town fund, the Earl ol EufMr. Solicitor. Geneva;, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. IVebb, x\lr.

I.ord George Sackviile, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Harvey, the

Marquis of Granby, Mr. Hanger, Mr. More, Sir John Glynns, Mr Thornton, Air Halter, Sir

General Holmes, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. , Mr.

fax, Mr. liidfey, Mr. C holm lev, Mr. Df/y, M Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Barulin, Mr. Morton, Mr. Edward

Herbert, Lord Register of Scotland, Sir John,

Mr. Browse, Mr. Lyier, Sir Charles Mr.

Fcilowes, Mr. Medlycet, Sir John Mr. Gore, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. IVilbrahcn1, Mr. Town]!: end, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Lijier, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Gaflry, Mr. Lowndes, hi.. Senior. Js, Mr. I Vi lies, Sir Mr. Hardinge, Mr. G-wer, Mr. Syr Thomas Pal-

mer-, and all ti e Members who serve for the Counties of Glciuefer, Warwick, IVcrcester, and Ai.d they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Town fend do make the Report, which uas ordered Yestertlay to be made this Day from the Committee ot ti c whole House, to whom the Bill for the ipeedyand efftcitual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was committed.

Mr. Charies 7 ownfend accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Kill; and winch lie was directed to report to the House; and he read tut Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed toby the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, containing a Form according to which the Entries mentioned in the Bill are to be made.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 1° die Februarii;

Anno 30° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ho ford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ftanjwick for dividing and inclosing the common Fields common inclosure.

'VOL.47. Pafturc$»

612 i# Feb ntarit. 1757*

Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds and Greens, in the Manor and Parish of Priors , in

the County of Warwick, without any Amendment.

And then the McfTengers withdrew.

Straggle- A Petition of William Lord of the Manor of

ilwr.e Stragglethorpe, within the Parish of in the

lnuoiure. County of Lincoln, the reverend Robert Lamb Doctor of Laws, Dean of the Cathedral Church of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton, and Rector of the Parish Church of Beckingham aforesaid, and Andrew Hacked Esquire, Patron of the Advowson of the ltedtory and Parish Church of Beckingham a fore laid, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 19th Day of 1756, whereby the

Petitioner William Welbyhath agreed to purchase of the Petitioner Robert Lamb the Glebe Lands within the said Manor, and to settle upon the said Robert Lamb, and' his Successors, Rectors of the Parish Church of ham aforesaid, an annual Sum in lieu thereof, and also as a Compensation for his and their Tythes and Right of Common within the said Manor; but alleging, that although such Purchase and Exchange would be a manifest Advantage to the Parties interested in the Premises, and tend to the Improvement as well of the Estate of the said William Welby in Straggle!horpe aforesaid, as of the Revenues of the said Redtory and Church of Beckingham, yet the same cannot be effectually established and effected without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for carrying the aforementioned Agreement into Execution, and rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, in such manner as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Clift and the Lord George Manners do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the reverend Doctor Parker, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House at Saint Margaret's Westminster: And that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Olmius and Mr. Probyn do acquaint him therewith.

Idyflone A Bill for veiling the Estate and Interest late of Robert Lighthouse. Cheatham Esquire, deceased, in the Duties granted by certain Acts of Parliament for maintaining a Lighthouse on the EdyftoneRock, in Trustees, inTruft, to raise Money to be applied towards rebuilding the said Lighthouse, was read a Second time.

Refok/ed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Which cot. Lord Parker, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Sandvs, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. , Sir John Tur-

ner, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. More, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Wynne, Lord Carpenter, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Sir Robert L, Mr. , Mr. Affleck, Mr". Calvert, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Cust, Mr. Popham, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Mr. Tvrke,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. West, Mr. Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir George , Mr. Briftoiv, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Her non, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Townshe Mr. Willes, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Barrow, Mr, De/aval, Mr." Mr. Mr. Symondsy Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Swymmer, Lord Verney, Lord Shelburne, Sir Charles Kernys; and all the Members who serve for the Coast Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tire Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hitchi* Mr. Charles Gore reported from the Committee, to Bedford whom the Petition ofleveral Gentlemen, Clergy, and other fcoad. Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.

was referred, That the Committee had examined the Mat0 ter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table *. Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of tire said Petition,

Mr. William Thomas and Mr. John Berry, being severally examined, said. That the Road from Hifchin through the Pari dies of Ickleford, Holiveil,

don, and Mcpfall, and the Town of to w

Crop, in the Parish of Hazvnes, and from thence through. Carrington Cotton End, and Harrow dine, to a Farm-house called St. Leonard's, at the South West End of the Town of Bedford, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many

Places very narrow, and cannot be widened and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Luv: And further said. That a Sixpenny Rate bad been, collected ami laid our on the said Road, and double Duty performed thereon, which hath proved ineffectual; and that the Inhabitants of the several Pari (lies and Places, through which tire laid Road leads, would be ruined, if they were obliged to repair the same effectually.

Then being examined as to that Part of the Road from the turning out of the Road aforesaid info Field, through the Parishes of Henlow and Clifton Stanford, in the Parish o(Southwell, Hill Lane, in the Parish-of Old Warden, and Cal tie cot and Hatch, in the Parish of Norhill, to Gerford Bridge, they severally said, That the same is, in many Parts, very foundcrous, and wants widening in several Places; and that it cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods pre- feribed by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, wulening, and keeping in Repair, the high Road from the Park Gates of Edward Radcliffe Esquire, in the Town of Hit chin, in the County of Hertford, through the Town of Shefford, and through Carrington Cotton End to a Farm-house called Saint Leonard's, at the End of the Town of Bedford; and alto the high Road from the turning out of the aforesaid Road into Henlow through the Parishes of Henlow and Clifton, and through Hill Lane, Ca/decot, and Hatch, to Gerford Bridge, in the County of Bedford: And that Mr. Charles Gore;

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Ongley, and Mr. Herne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom. siawHil the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen,

Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, residing in and near the Parishes of Melksham, and Bidde-

stone, in the County of Wilts, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Paul Newman was examined; who laid. That the Roads leading from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melksham, through Googe't Lane, Corsham, Biddeftone, and WeYatton, to the Turn-

pike Road at Upper Coombs, in the Parish of Castle are very ruinous, and in many Places, in the Winter Season and wet Weather, impassable for loaded Carriages, and in some Places so very narrow, that Two loaded Horses cannot pals each other:

That he has seen the Surveyor's Accounts for the Parishes of Biddeftone, Wtft Yatton, Melksham, and Castle Coombe-y and that the Statute Labour has been duly performed, and Sixpence in the Pound has been raffed; that the Parish of Biddeftone has been lately indicted; and that the Laws in being arc insufficient to repair the said Roads.

Mr. Henry CollJutrft, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Newman-, and added, That if the said Roads were repaired, it would be a great Advantage to

thn

Shtpfton Toll Gate Road.

Southwold

Haven.

XO Geo. II. 16 FebruariL 73

the Woollen Manufactory: That Coals might be had at a much cheaper Rate than they now are; and that he apprehends it would be a Saving of £. 200per Annum to the Parish of Melhsham only; and that, in general, it would reduce the Price of Coals in the aforesaid Parishes near One-third.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melhsham, through Googe's Lane, Corsham, Biddeftone, and West Tatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Pop ham, Mr. Whichcot, and Sir Robert Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them (elves, and the rest of the Truf-‘ tees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Third, and the other in the Seventeenth, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipfion Foil Gate, at Bridgtown, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster, and Shipston upon Stozver, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick; and also of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, residing in and near Stratford upon Avon, in the said County of Warwick, and Mickleton and Chipping Campden, in the County of Gloucester; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Third, and the other in the Seventeenth, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipston Foil Gate, at Bridgtown, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Ahlerminster and Shipston upon Stower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick; and also for repairing the Road leading from the First AVlile Stone (landing on the said Shipston Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Alickleton and Chipping Campden to a Place called Andover s Ford, in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. West, Mr. Charles Fownfticnd, and Sir John Rushout, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk, and of several other Persons, Inhabitants of the Towns of Southwold, Halejworth, and other Towns and Places in the said County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trustees have not been able, under the Provisioqs of the said Act, effectually to answer the Purposes thereby intended; and that it is necessary that the Term thereof should be enlarged, and iome Alterations and Additions made thereto; and further setting forth, That the River Blyth in Suffolk is capable of being navigable from the said Haven to Ha/e/worth Bridge, in the said County of Suffolk; and that if effectual Provision was made for opening and maintaining such Navigation, the same would be ol great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the Cud County, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Provisions may be made for enlarging the said Term, and amending and altering the said Act, and also for opening and maintaining the said Navigation, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

VOL. 27.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coo* sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine* the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Affleck* Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Smith, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Yorkey Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lyster, Mr. More* Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Prozvje, Mr.’ Sandys, Sir John Cuff, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Curt* wright, Mr. Pcpham, Mr. Ofbaldeston, Mr. Ridley, Sir Charles Kemys Tynjte, Mr. Foley , Sir Nicholas Ba\/y} Mr. Walter, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Sir John Hyv.dc Cottony Mr. Price, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Buller, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. On Jove, Lord Cary fort, Lord Malpqs, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord VillitrSir -Robert Bur-deft, Mr. Oimius, Mr. Temp eft, Mr. Ward, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Barrow, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Grosvener, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Wigley \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Vestrymen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Large-ne!s of the Poor’s Rate within the said Parish; and alleging, That if the Landlords of Houses divided into Tenements, and let ready-furnished, were compelled to pay the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, and the Petitioners were impowered to compel the Poor in their Workhouse to perform their Work, it would be a Means of making the Rate more equal, and of easing the present heavy Bur-thenof the Inhabitants, who pay towards the Maintenance of the Poor; but that the Petitioners are informed, thar, by the Laws now in being, they cannot enforce the same: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Sir John Gift, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr* Alderman Bethell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Morton, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Alderman Beckford\ Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Crowle, Sir Robert Burdttt, Mr. Fyner, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Huffy, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Whichcot, Lord Ferney, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Parker, Mr. Sandys, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Adore, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Med-lycot, Mr. Willes, Mr. FeHowes, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Co/ebrooke* Mr. Yorke, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Ulmius, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Barn-tun, Mr. Del aval, Mr. John Delaval, Mr. Townshend., Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Szvymmer, Mr. Nugent and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, Essex, Surrey% and Kent; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Merchants concerned in buying and exporting Corn and Grain from the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whole Names are subscribed, was prelected to the I ioule, and read; repre-fcniing several ill Consequences, which, the Petitioners allege, a rife from the Lie of unmalted Corn in thedinilling of spirituous Liquors; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend the moll effectual Method of encouraging the

8 I Growth

St. LuWl Poor.

Hfcb

Price of Corn.

Burchester

Inclosure.

High Price of Corn.

Pryors

Marlton

Inclosure.

Militia.

674 10 Feb mar it. 1757*

Growth of the best Grain, and to prevent Frauds and Abuses in the Delivery, is by buying and selling it by Weight only: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and apply such medies as the House Hull find meet.

Ordered, That so much of the said Petition, as relates to theuling of unmalted Corn in the distilling of spirituous Liquors, be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future.

The Lord Parker reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Township of Bwchester, otherwise Burcester, otherwise Market

End, in the County of Oxford; and for extinguilhingall Right of Common in certain common Meadows, common Pafiures, and inclosed Grounds, in the said Township; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Lord Strange, Mr. Gore, Lord fort, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Mr. Lord

Register of Scotland, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Glynne, Mr Chobnley, Sir John Gordon, Mr.

ley, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Scot, Mr. Ofzvald,

Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Symonds, be added to the Committee,

who are appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future; and to report the same to the House, with all convenient Speed.

A Bill for confirming and establishing Two several Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing A HancbnrchHeath and Toft Green, in the Manor and Parish of Trent ham, -in the County of Stafford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lev:-son Gower, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Sir John Sir Ed-

mund lsham. Lord Cary fort , Mr. Feliowes , Lord ker, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strange, Mr. Lord

moud, Mr. Prowfc, Lord Mr. As son. Lord

North, Mr. Lyjler, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. son, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Lord Barnard,

Mr. Cooke, Lord Villiers, Mr. Nor they, Lord George Manners, Mr. Gybbon. Lord Digby, Mr. , Lord

George Sackvil/e, Mr.. Oj'wald, Lord John Cavendijli, Mr. Ward, Earl of Upper Ofjory, Mr. the Marquis

of Granby, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Fuller, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Gore, Colonel , Mr. Huffey, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Hunter, Colonel Whitmore, Mr. Locke, Mr. Morton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. George Brudenell, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Bridgman, Mr.

Grey, Mr. Manners, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Mr.

Henry Vernon, Mr. Watson, Mr. Mr. Rigby,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Webb, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Derby, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 14th Days of February, and the 17 th Day of March last, in the last Session of Parliament, in pursuance of an Address of this House to his Majesty, of the 23d Day of January last, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly of Jamaica, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers.

Trenthjm

inclosure.

Psprn

respectinj

Jamaica.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of Mar-flon, in the County of Warwick, and of the Patron, Vicar, and Incumbent, of the Parish and Parish Church of Pryors Hardwick, in the same County, with the Chapel of PryorsMarjton aforesaid, and of the Freeholders and Proprietors of Lands and Commons in the open and common Fields of Pryors Marjton aforesaid, waspresented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are foiled orpolfelfedof several Estatesin the said Fields, which lie intermixed and dispersed in fniall Parcels; by means whereof great Inconveniences arise, and the said Fields are thereby rendered incapable of Improvement: That the said Fields are very fit to be inclosed, and would be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the same; and alleging, that the Parties concerned have agreed to inclose and divide the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said open and common Fields of Pryors Marston aforesaid, according to every Person’s Right in the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Proufe, Sir Cordel Firebraceand Sir John Glynn, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Britain called

England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call of tb« being read; House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Regulating resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Marine the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, Forctt-

while on Shore;

Resolved, That this Home will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Army;

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Mutiny

whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and *n<! for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, etrtlon' was committed;

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do make the said Report.

The Lord Barrington accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, cne by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered,

u

30 Geo. II. i° — 26Feb675

o; Co7.uin Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the "’hole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, Bacon, or other Victual, from his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, unless to Great Britain or Ireland, or to feme of the said Colonies and Plantations, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii) 2° Februarii;

Anno 30° Georgii II'" Regis, 1757.

P R A F. R S.

Turner’* \ PETITION of Thomas Turner Esquire, waspresented Name. JTx to the House, and read; letting forth, That Mary Payler, by her Will, dated the 16th Day of July 1752, gave and deviled several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of to the Petitioner, for Life; Remainder to his First and other Son and Sons, and, tailing of I flue Male of him, to his Daughters in Tail; and, by her laid Will, did direct, that the Petitioner, and every other Personand Persons, who shall take her laid Estates by and under her laid Will, shall, when they respectively come into Possession thereof, take and use the Surname of Payler, and bear the Arms of the Pay-Itrs; and that the Petitioner is willing and desirous to take and use die Surname of Payler, and to bear the Arms of the Purlers; and that the same may be confirmed on him and his Iliue by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaidi

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pur-luant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

’ Powell and Mr. Nicholson Calvert do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Burchester Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into inclosure. Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Township of otherwise Buree/ler, otherwise B'JJiter, Market End, \n the County of Oxford-, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain common Meadows, common Pastures, and inclosed Grounds, in the said Township; was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

T he House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And t Ire Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grolTed.

Frome An ingro^c^ Bill for repairing and widening several Roads. Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town o

in the County of Somerset, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of Frome, in the County of Somerset, and for giving further Powers to the Trulives in an Act, passed in the 25th Year of his present Maicity’s Reign, lor repairing the Roads from the Town of IVannivJler, in t lie County of to the City of Bath,

in the County of Sonietft,&n6 other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Protvdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 27.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of common Lands, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, commonable Lands, and Tythes, lying and ari-sing within the Fields, Liberties, Territories, Preempts, and Township of Piddinglon, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioners, and divers others, are possess’ed of all the Lands, Grounds, Pastures, Commons, ancf Tythes, lying and arising within the said Fields, Liberties, Territories* Precincts, and Township, and are intitled to, and do enjoy, Common of Pasture, upon all the said Lands, Grounds, Pastures, and Commons, by adererminateStinf, exclusive of all other Persons; and that the said several Lands and Grounds lie intermixed and dispersed infmall Parcels, and are most of them inconveniently situate, and will produce but little Profit, lo long as the same lie un-inclosed; and alleging, that the Petitioners, and others, Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Grounds, and Tythes, are desirous that the said Common Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, may be divided and inclosed; and that specific Parts thereof may be allotted to the Petitioners, and others, Proprietors thereof, respectively; but that although the making such Division, Allotments* and inclosure, will tend greatly to the Advantage of thd Petitioners, and the several Parties concerned, yet as the same cannot be effeiftually made and established without the Aid of Parliament, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, aligning, and allotting, the said common Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands; or such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Parker and Mr. Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Ten-bury, in the Counties of Salop, and,

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Herbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Cheats, and for the further preventing the Embezzlement of Goods and Apparel by those who areintrufted with them; and for preventing Gaming in public Houses; wa* read & Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, refblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty, of the King’s Town and Parish of in the County of Kent, in Common Council assembled, waspresented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Petitioners ob,

serve,

Piddtngtott

Iuclofuie.

Tenbury

Roadt.

Importation of Corn,

Funiflunent ot Cheat*.

Militia,

Regfatort

and

Foreflallers.

Exportation of Com from America.

Leave of Absence.

Ways and Mean*

676 2° — 30 Februarii. 1757*

terve, thal Bill had passed this House, for procuring a national Militia; and that the Petitioners hope for a Law tOestablifti in this Kingdom a constitutional and well-regulated Militia; And therefore praying. That the Bill, now depending in the House, lor establishinga national Militia, may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, is committed.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future; and to report the same to the House, with all convenient Speed; That the Committee had made fume further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Provisions made, in relation to Engrossing of Corn, by an Act of Parliament, passed in the 5th and 6th Year of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act against Regrators, Forestallers, and En-groflers: and by another Act of Parliament, paflld in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen intituled, An

Ad touching Badgers ol Corn, and Drovers of Cattle, to be licensed; and by another Act of Parliament, passed in the 15th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade; have been found inconvenient, and have rendered the supplying one Part of his Majesty’s Kingdom of Great Britain with Corn from another Part thereof very difficult.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Quetlion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered That a Bill be brought in to explain and amend the Laws against Regrators, Forestallers, and En-grolfers of Corn: And that the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Rose Fuller, the Lord lle-gifter of Scotland, and Mr. William Noel, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Oftvalddo make the Report, which

was ordered Yesterday to be made this Day from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beet, Pork, Bacon, or other Vidua!, from his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, unless to Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the said Colonies and Plantations, was committed.

Mr. Oswald accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment?, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. TownJJoend have Leave to make a Ordnance Motion, it being alter Four of the Clock: Contna.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, Copies of Contracts made by the Board of Ordnance for the Hire of Artillery Horses, from the Year 1744, to the Year 1750, the last inclusive.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 30 die Fe;

Anno 30° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Lord of the Manor of Wolfram.

in the County of Warwick, and of the Freeholders c^’ and Proprietors of Lands and Commons in the open and Inclosure. common Fields of Wolfham cote aforesaid, and Nether cote and Saw Bridge, within the Manor aforesaid, in the said County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Fields lie intermixed and common together; and that the Petitioners are poffefted of several Estates therein, which lie dispersed in small Parcels; by means whereof, great Inconveniences do arise; and that the said Fields are very proper to be inclosed, and would be of great Advantage to the several Freeholders and Owners of the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said open and common Fields of Wolfhamcote, Net her cote, and Saw Bridge aforesaid, according to every Person’s Right in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring'in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edmund Isham and Mr. Cartwright do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Mon be added to the Pocklliw* Committee, to whom the Bill for establishing and render- Iictoluirc. ingeftrftual Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and common Grounds in ton, in the County of York, is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for.dividing and inclosing the com- Bwchtfler mon Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, com- Ldoiure. mon Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Township of Burchester, otherwil'e Burcester, otherwise Mar-

ket End, in the County of Oxford-, and forextinguishing all Right of C immon in certain common Meadows, common Pa!bares, and inclol'ed Grounds, in the said Township; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Townlliip of Burchester, otherwise Burcester, otherwil'e RijfiMarket End, in the County of Oxford; and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain common Meadows, common Pastures, and inclol'ed Grounds, in the said Townlliip.

Ordered, That the Lord Parker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir William Rowley have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. ’

n

A Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, John Dennis, ley, John Goodwin, J<,hn Mtybankand James Hunt, about Three Weeks ago, impreE th e Gardener, a menial Servant of the honourable Sir William Stanhope, a Member of this House, and detained him in the Round house at Twickenham from Ten of the Clock at Night till Eight

of the Clock the next Morning;

Ordered,

Privilige.

Sr* Luke’s Poor.

Bath

Boadg.

3 o Geo. II. 30 Februa 677

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of die Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Vestrymen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of was

referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read> and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Simpson, being examined, said, That he is acquainted with the Parish of Saint Luke, and that it is a very large and populous Parish, and adjoins, on the South Part thereof, to the Liberties of the City of , and contains upwards of Three thousand Houses, and that not above One Third of the Inhabitants pay to the Rates made for die Relief of the Poor.

And that the present Rates are Four Shillings in the Pound, and that they raise at this time about 1,500; and that die Proportion charged upon the Stock, is now Seven Shillings and Six Pence for every One hundred Pounds: That he has paid for Stock himself many Years, and that he apprehends they have no Power to aifefs the Rates by the Laws in being.

Mr. IVillnm Spencer confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Simpson; and added, that if the Landlords, who lett Houses in Tenements ready fumished, were obliged to pay to the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, it would be a great lv.ue to the Parish in general:

That if they were impawned to compel the Poor in the Work-house to work, it would be of great Utility, and make the present Rate more equal; and apprehends it would be of great Advantage to the Parish in general, if they were impowered to contract with People to main-lain the Poor.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for the better ordering and regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of And that

Mr. Cooke and Sir William Beauchamp do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Bath, in Common Council duly assembled, and also of the Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and and of the

Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in and near the said City, was preienced to the House, and read; reciting several Parts of an Act, made in the nth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the 6th Year of the Reign of Queen and the

other made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George A\e First, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kings dozen HUl and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned leading to the said City; and for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen, there; and also for the keeping a liifficient and well-regulated Watch in the Night-time within the said City of Bath, Liberties and Precincts there-

of: And alleging, that the Sum of Three thouiknd Pounds, borrowed and collected by the Tolls ancf Duties granted and continued by the said recited Act, have been duly laid out and applied according to the Directions thereof; and that great Progrd's has been made in amending the Highways directed to be repaired by the before-mentioned Act; and that there now remains due on the Credit of the said Act the Sum of Three thoulimd Pounds, or thereabouts; which cannot be discharged, and the Highways effectually amended and kept in good Vo 1.27.

Repair, unless the Terms, Tolls, and Powers, be further continued and enlarged, and the said Act made moreei-feftual: And fetring forth, That the Iloads leading from the Top of Lanfdjwn to the Monument upon Lans-dozen, and the Road leading from the Top of Enterry Hill into the BriJ'tol Road leading to Wminster, the Road leading from Bath Easton Bridge to Gate

upon the FoJ's Road, the lload leading from Dtmkerton Bridge to the Six Mile Stone in the Parish of Can:’eon, and also the Road leading from the Globe in the Panih of Newton St. Lot to the Cross Post in the Road leading to Pensjord, are in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Act for amending and repairing the said Roads, and for granting Powers for amending the several other Highways leading to the said City, and for clcanling, paving, and lightening, the Streets, and regulacing the Chairmen, and also for the keeping a sufficient and well-regulated Watch in the Night-time within the said City, Liberties, and Precincts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. , Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Popham, General Conway,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Aldworth, Mr.

Mr. Nor they, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Wigley, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Wil-kinson, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Webb, Mr. Sir

liam Beauchamp Prof lor, Mr. Ridley, Colonel Mr. Fc/lozees, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Ky~

naston, Mr. Lyjlet, Mr. More, Mr. Sir John

Mordaunt, Mr. Berkeley, Sir Francis Pocle, Mr.

Mr. Martin, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Probyn,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Coventry, Sir Nicholas Baity, and ail

the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, and Gloucester :And they are to meet this After-

noon, at Five of the Clock, in thej Speaker’s Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Ccrlhmr, living in and near the Road leading from a certain Place

called the Cross Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the ^oads. Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Road leads through the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, of Corsham, Hills Green, Box, Coldharn, Diteridge, Shotter-tuick, and Bathford, to Bath Easton Bridge’, and is become so ruinous and narrow, that it is almost impass-able; and cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually widened and repaired: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening, amending, and repairing, the said Road leading from the said Cross Keys, in, by, through, or near, the said several Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, Green,

Rudleigh, Box, Coldhortt, Diteridge, Shotterwick, and Bathford, to Bath Easton Bridge atordaid, in Inch manner as to the House shall Item meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereol: and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr Sanies,.Mr. Prowse, Sir G/ynne, Mr. KynrJ/on, Sir Nic/uiasRally, Mr. Mr.

Lyster, Mr. Lewis, Mr. II dkirfm, Mr. Popham, Lord Strange, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Lord

Verney, Mr. Baynttin, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Colonel

Cornwallis, Mr. Herbert, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

wright, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Jc/.n Mr. Ellis, Mr.

V

678 3° — 4° Fe A. 1757.

Northev, Mr. Poller, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. More, Mr. Webb, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Grenville, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Hanger, Mr.

Mr, Dicker, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Charles Sir

John Gordon, M r. Alexander, Sir Edmund Mr. Pye;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties cf Wills, homer Jet, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: Arid have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply Bill; Mr. Hardingepresented to the House, according to

ttery. Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Mo-

ney, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Improvement A Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge of crols the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to

Crois5 t*,c °PP°site Shore in the County of Surrey, being

offered to be prefen ted to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the Laid Petition was brought up, and read; reciting several Parts of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to enable the Petitioners to purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Railages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the Courts of Justice there, and Westminster Bridge, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And setting forth, that the Petitioners have caused a Plan of the Street leading immediately from Charing Cross towards Whitehall to be made; and are of Opinion, that it will be necessary for them to purchase the Freehold and Inheritance of all the Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates, described in the said Plan to be situate between the West Side of the said Street leading from Charing Cross, and the East Side of another Street or Place called and between

the South Side of a Street, Way, or Passage, called Jage into Spring Garden, and the North Side of certain Houses, Buildings, and Walls, belonging to his Majesty’s Office of Admiralty; and that the Petitioners ordered an Estimate of the Value of the said several Premises to be made} whereby it appears, that, on a moderate Computation, the total Value thereof amounts to 25,344; and that the Petitioners finding the said Estimate amount to lb large a Sum, they directed an Estimate to be made of the Expence of purchasing so much only of the said Premises as would be absolutely necessary for opening and widening the said Street leading from Charing Cross, so as to make the narrow Part thereof of an equal Breadth with the present Breadth of Parliament Street, and to leave Ground besides sufficient for erecting a Row of Front Houses next to the said Street leading from Charing Cross; distinguishing, in that Estimate, how much such Expence would amount to, exclusive of leaving Ground for erecting the said Row of Front Houses; the Whole of which Estimate amounts to 18,634; and that deducting the reout the Value of Ground for erecting the said Row of Front Houses, will reduce the feme to £. 11,402: And alleging, that in case all the above-mentioned Premises, estimated at 25,344, were to be purchased, the Petitioners would be thereby enabled to use lb much thereof as (ltould be necessary to open and widen the said Street leading from Charing Cross in a commodious and handsome manner; and the remaining Ground, which would be proper for building Houses thereon, /night be fold, or lett on Building Leases, for such public Ule as to the House shall seem meet; but if it should be deemed more proper for the Purposes aforesaid, to purchase only so much of the said Premises as are comprised in One of the said Idler Estimates of £. 18,634, or £. 11,402, the Petitioners apprehend, that either of those x7

Purchases would be diladvantageous to the Public; and the remaining Premises, unpurchaled by the Petitioners, would in all Probability be incapable of being made into a uniform Range of Buildings: And further letting forth, that it would be proper to open and widen the public Way near Whitehall, by pulling down a Brick Messuage which adjoins to the East Side of the old Gate-way near the House Guards, the Purchase of which Messuage, the Petitioners are informed, will cost about £.1,137; an<^ that, besides the Sums necessary to make such of the Purchases above mentioned as shall be deemed proper to be made, further Monies will also be requisite, to enable the Petitioners to defray several other incidental Expences which will unavoidably attend their executing the Powers and Trufis reposed in them by the said Act; and as the Sum of £ 10,000 granted to the Petitioners by that Act, fells greatly short, as they apprehend, of carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution, they have not as yet applied for the Payment of any Part thereof: And therefore praying the Hou'e to grant the Petitioners such Sums of Money, and such other Aid, to enable them effectually to execute the several Powers and Tiufts reposed in them by the said Act of the'last Session, as to the House shall l’eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition;

And it is referred to Colonel Cornwallis, Sir John CroJJe,

Colonel Haldane, Mr. Ridley, Sir William Calvert, Mr.

Provje, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Walter, Sir John Cust, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gcdolphin, Mr. Mr. Pen-

ton, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Harris, Mr. coi, Mr. Wigley, Lord Hi/tiers, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Symonds,

Mr. Trift, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Smith, Mr. Fel-

lozves, Mr. Amcotts., Mr. Lozcmdes, Mr. Bond, Mr. Sel-wyn, Lord Parker, Mr. Charles Lord North,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Saudys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ojzoald, Sr William Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Hardinge-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlejes, Surrey, , and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read;

Bejclved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Regu!*i,j resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Marine upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces. Forces, while on Shore.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneris, 40 die Februa?~it;

Anno 30* Georgii IP* Regis, 1757.

Praters.

MR. Popham presented to the House, according to shaw Hill Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keep- Road, ing in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Meiksham, through Googes Lane, Corjliam, Bideftone, and West Tat ton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe,- in the Parish of Caftlt Combe, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Walpole of King's Lynn presented to the House, Wingcrworth according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing cer- I"6101"-tain common Pastures and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Wingenvorth, and in the Hamlet of Tup!on, in the Parish of NorthWingfteld, respectively,

in

3o Geo. II. 4° Februarii. 679

in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Corsham, Ordered, That all hive Voices who come to the Com-Roa<is to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy,

0 s' and Freeholders, living in and near the Road leading from a certain Place called the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the Parish of ,in the County of

Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of -

set, is referred.

Recruiting An ingrafted Bill for the speedy and effectual Recruit-

the Lautt ing of jlls Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was read

occe*' the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, relating to the Discharge of such new raised Men as the Commissioners shall, upon farther Information, find to have not been within the Description of this Act.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. L 12. After the First " the," to insert " Clerk " appointed by the Commissioners for the Use of the L. 21. After " ," to insert " to the said

" Clerk, to be by him paid over as is herein after directed;"

L. 22. After " Poor," to insert for the Be-

" nefit:"

L. 32. After " inlisted," to insert " for both " which Payments the Clerk shall give a Receipt:"

L. 39. After " Allowances," to insert " of " Twenty Shillings and of Six Pence per Diem

Pr. 12. L. 12. To leave out the Second " to," and insert " for the Use of."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Distillation A Petition of several of the common Brewers of London, l:om Com. WeJlmit/J}er, and Sct!thu<ark,\ndpa.nsadjacent.whoseNames

are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Brewing Trade, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice, That the House hath ordered a Bill to be brought in to prevent the distilling of Spirits from Wheat for a limited Time; and complaining of the advanced Price of Malt': And praying. That in regard to the public Revenue (to which the Trade of the Petitioners folargely contribute; such Measures may betaken for preventing the public Lois, and at the same time relieving the particular Distress of the Petitioners, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution, which, upon the loth Day of January last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee who were appointed to consider of proper Provisiojrs for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, to restrain the distilling of Barley, Malt, aird all Grain whatsoever, for a limited Time.

in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Milton did that Morning serve Sir Nicholas Baily Baronet, a Member of this House, with a Writ in an Action ot Trefi-p Us, in which 'Thomas Gooch was Plaintiff, and William Williams, Attorney for the Plaintiff, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Sir John Cujl presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill (or establfthing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing the common Fields and Grounds in the Manor of within the Parish of Beckingham, in the County of coln; and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish, for the Glebe Lands and Tythes in Scrag glethorpe aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, acting within and for the County of Cumberland, by virtue of an Act, passed in the

24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newcajl/e upon Tyne, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, with the utmnft Care, caused Part of the said Road in the County of Cumberland to be amended and made passable, and made great Progress towards executing the other Trulls reposed in them; but that the Petitioners cannot complete the said Road, or completely executeany of the said Powers vested in them, unless the House shall grant the Petitioners a further Sum of Money for those Purposts: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such a further Sum of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, acting within and for the County of Northumberland, by virtue of an Act passed

in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for making and keeping in Repair a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Newca/l/e upon , being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, with the utmost Care, cauled great Part of the said Road in the County of Northumberland to be made; but that the Petitioners are not able to finish the said Road completely, unless a further Sum of Money be granted to the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premi.es into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such a further Sum of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the firid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole 1 louie.to whom it is referred to consider further of the Sunpiv o.anted to his Majesty.

Privilege. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Mer-Privileges and Elections, touching the Complaint made chants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to the House upon the 19th Day of January last. That, to the House;

Vol. 27. Mr.

Straggle*

thorpe

Inciolure.

Carlisle

Roads.

Ditto.

African

Campon*.

Supply Bill; Lottery.

Committee

of

Privileges.

Pryors

Marikm

Inclosure.

Ordnance

Contracts.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Regulating the Marine Forces,

680 4® — 70 Februarii. 1757.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, Thar his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Cohsideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have laid before this House an Account of the Expenditure of the Sum granted for 17>5: And setting forth. That the Petitioners have inverted the Money granted in 1756, in Goods, Stores, and Necessaries, for the Support of the several Forts upon the Coast oiAfrica: And therefore praying the House to grant such a Sum for the necessary Support of the Forts and Settlements upon the said Coast for the ensuing Year, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the# whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Sir John Glynne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lord-ftup of Pryor; Marfiun, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of Contrails made by the Board of Ordnance fortlie Hire of Artillery Horses, from the Year 1744, to the Year 1750; viz.

N° 1. Copy of a Contrail with George dated

20th September 1745:

N° 2. Copy of a Contrail with Laurence Dundas, dated 8 December 1747.

Together with a Lilt of the said Copies.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

LurteS) 70 die;

Anno 30° Georgii II>i> Regis, 1757.

Pr AYERS.

A PET IT I O N of the Warden and Society of the King’s Town of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, and of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town of Sutton Coldfield aforeia.d, and intitled to Right of Common in the Chace, Common, or watte Ground, called Sutton Coldfield Park, was presented to the House, and read; reciting. That in certain Letters Patent, grauted in the 20th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for incorporating the Inhabitants of the Town, Manor, and Lordship, of Sutton Coldfieldaforclaid, by the Name of The Warden and Society of the King’s Town of Sutton Coldfield, there is a Clause or Proviso, purporting, that as ofien as any of the Inhabitants for the Time being of the said Town, Manor, and Lordlliip, or any other Person or Persons willing or intending to inhabit there, would build, or cause to be built, at their own Cost% a new House or Messuage within the said Lordship or Town, or on any Parcel of the waste Lands of the said Lordlliip, it should be lawful for him or them so building to inclose Three-score Acres of Waste, either lying together or aliinder, in the said Lordship, or adjoining or lying round the said House: And setting forth, that there is aTiaft of Ground of about Seven Miles in Circumference, known by the Name of the Park, lying within, and being Parcel of, the said Manor; and upon Part thereof are Handing several Woods and Coppices, which have from time tt> time been felled and disposed of by the said Corporation; and that the rest of the said Park, consists chiefly of Furze and Heath Ground, lying waste and uncultivated, and which is used for the Agillment and Depasturage of the Cattle of the Houlholdersof the said Town and Lordship, who have Right of Common therein without Stint; and that SimonLuttrell Esquire hath lately purchased a capi-

tal Messuage called Four Oaks Half situate within the said Manor or Lordship, and adjoining upon, or near unto, the said Tract of Ground called the Park: and, as the said House is in a decaying Condition, he proposesto build anew substantial House, with proper Offices, instead thereof; and is willing and desirous to inclose and take in a Piece of Ground, Part of the said Park, containing about 48 Acres, adjoining to the said House; and to have a Grant of the fame, discharged of all Right of Common thereon, to him and his Heirs, under a perpetual Fee-farm RentofTwelve founds, to lie reserved thereout for the Benefit of the said Warden anti Society, and of the said Town and Lordship; and that the said Warden and Society, and also the major Part of the Persons intitled to Right of Common in the said Chace or Park, are consenting that the same should be carried into Execution; yet as the same cannot be done without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the said Warden and Society to grant Part of the said Park, not exceeding 48 Acres, unto the said Simon Luttrell, and his Heirs, discharged of all Right of Common, under such yearly Rent as aforesaid, and upon such other Terms and Conditions as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyfier, and Mr. Thursly, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Justices of Peace, Land-owners, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; reciting an A<fl made in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ribble, between the Townships of and

Penwortkam, near a Place called the Fish-house, in the said County Palatine: And alleging, that the Petitioners

Suttoa

Coldfield

Inclosure.

RftWe

Bridge.

30 Geo. II. 7 0 Februarii68 r

and many other Gentlemen, Land-owners, Traders, and Inhabitants of the said County Palatine, apprehending th?! the Toll or Ponrage directed, by the said Act!, for railing Money to erect the said Bridge, Ramparts, and other necessary Works, would not be near sufficient to answer that Purpotc; and, being sensible of the great Advantage such Bridge must be of to the said County Palatine, and to the Public in general, did, by voluntary Subscriptior.s, raise Money to build the said Bridge, and the same was built accordingly by such voluntary Subscriptions: And letting forth. That on or about the Fourth Day of September la ft, after the said Bridge had been

uled by Carts and Carriages for the spaccof a Year, and upwards, one of the Piers of the Centre Arch gave way, occasioned, as is supposed, by tome Defect in the Foundation; and, in a short time afterwards, that and Five other Arches of the said Bridge fell down; by which- Accident his Majesty's Subjects are exposed to the great Hazard and Danger of losing their Lives and Properties in palTing the said River with Horses, Carts, and Carriages, such Misfortunes having frequently happened; and, (ince the falling of the said Bridge, a Person well acquainted with the Fords, and also the Horse he rode on, both perished in attempting to pass the lame: And further alleging, that the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, to be raised in Three Years, with the old Materials, will be liifficient to build the said Bridge, with necelliiry and proper Ramparts, Wings, Walls, Banks, and other Works, for the Support and Preservation thereof; and lki-ful and experienced Workmen have proposed to undertake the same for that Sum, and to give Security for the Support thereof for Twenty-one Years; and that the Pontage or Toll directed by the said recited Act, for the future Repairs thereof, will be very sufficient for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the said Bridge, with necesi’ary and proper Ramparts, Wings, Walls, Banks, and other Works, for the Support and Preservation thereof, and for raising the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds, and no more, upon the said County, for that Purpose, in such manner as the House shall think proper; and for freeing and exempting the said Land-owners and Inhabitants of the said County from all further Expence touching the rebuilding or repairing the said Bridge at any time hereafter, otherwise than by the said Pontage or Toll as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the dime, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bold, Lord Strange, Mr. Barry, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Lluir, Mr. Pronfe, Mr. Townjkend, Mr. Mr.

Martin, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr. More, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Planter, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Banket Mr.

Chomley, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Keck, Mr.

While, Mr. Crajier, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Smith, Mr. Buller, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Vernon, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. WMr. Nugent, Mr. Gafhry, Sir

Lynch Cotton, Mr. Tcmpeft, Mr. Mr. OJbaldeston,

Sir Lionel Pilkinglon, Mr. Wilkinson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, West -morel and, Cumberland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clbck, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Conyers D’Arcy, Mr.

Improvemci.t . 7 - r . _ J

ot Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. ton Sir Pennington,

Charing Mr. Osbaldefton, Sir George Halftone, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Cross. Robert Hildyard, Mr. Talbot, Colonel John Bofcawen,

Mr. Choltnley, Colonel George Bofcawen, Mr. Bayntun,

Mr. Litchfield, Mr. Earle, Mr. Wnichcot, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Vul. ay.

the City of Westminster, to the oppoGte Shore in the County of Surrey, is referred.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Hertford Freeholders and Inhabitants, of the County of Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the High Road from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through the several Parishes of Brantfield’, Bengeo, Siaplefvrd, Wat toDate!: worth

and Sheephall, to a Place called Broadwater, in the Parish

of Knebworth, in the said County; and also the high

Road from the Town of Ware, in the said County, through the several Parishes of Bengeo, , and

Wotton, to the North End of the Town of Walhern, in the said County; are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the prefect Methods prescribed by Law: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do etfrmine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred so Mr. 'Braffle Mr. Mr. Harvey, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Lijler,

Mr. Charles Tovmjhend, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Mackenzie,

Mr. Heivett, Mr. Muir, Mr. Pro Mr. Bankes, Mr. Ellis, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Thomas (fore, Mr. More,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. OJbaldeston, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

John Calvert, Mr. Medfycot, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Cust, Mr. Martin, Lord Mr. Dicker, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. , Sir

Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Popham, Mr.

Newnham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Trustees Renfrew for the Turnpike Roads of the County of Renfrew, in R°»ds. behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That by Two several Acts, passed in the 26th and 27th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, several Tolls and Duties were granted, with a Power to borrow the Sum of £.3,000 for repairing the Roads mentioned in the said Acts, leading through the County of Renfrew, and that the Petitioners have borrowed several large Sums of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Acts, have been duly applied pursuant to the Directions of the fame; and great Progress has been made in making and repairing the said Roads; bur that the same cannot be effectually repaired without a Power to borrow still larger Sums, and a Continuation of the Tolls for a longer Term; and that the Road leading from Pollockjhaws to Driffenbeg, by Eastwood Kirk, and Pollock town, as also the Road leading from Williamwood to Eaglijhame Kirk, as also the Road leading from Gorballs, by the House commonly called Thomas Smith's House, and by head Town to the Kirk of Carrmunnock as also the Road leading from Renfrezv to Pai/Iey, as also the Road leading from Inchinnan to Houftoun, as also the Road leading from JohiJloitn Bridge, by , to Port

Glasgow, as also the Road leading from Renfrew to nock; are in a very ruinous Condition, and incapable of being repaired by virtue of any Laws now in Force; and that the Road from the Town of Renfrew to the Town of Greenock leads across the River of Inchinnan, which is only passable by a dangerous and incommodious Ferry:

That the building of a Bridge over the said River would greatly tend to facilitate and promote the Trade of that

8 L Part

682 7° Febructri . 1757*

Part of the Country, but which cannot be done without / the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House

to take the Premises into their Conllcteration, and grant such Relief as they may think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee f And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Mr.

Mackenzie, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Charles Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. , Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Poore, Mr. Mr. Probyn, Mr.

Martin, General Holmes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. More, Mr.

Hewed, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Mr. Dicker, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Fairfax, Sir John IVynne, Mr. Brajjey, Sir John 'Turner, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Pop ham, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Vernon, Mr. , Mr. A my and, Mr.

Lafcclles, Mr. Powell, Mr. Sir Lionel Pilking-

ton, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Mr. Lord

Vtrney, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Joint Glynne, Mr. Keck, Mr. Nugent, Mr. frailer’, and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five tf the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bsrringten A Petition of Richard Frankland Esquire and Frederick Inclosure. Frankland Esquire, on behalf of the right honourable Mary Lady Talbot, Wife of the right honourable William

Lord Talbot, Thomas Smith Esquire, John Grayhurfi Esquire, Impropriator of the great Tythes of the Parish of little Barrington, in the County of the

reverend William Good enough, Clerk, Vicar of the said Parish, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and several others, are Owners of certain uniriclosed Lands in the common Fields, common Meadows, common Grounds, and Wades, within the Manor and Parish of Little Barrington, wherein the Owners have a Right of Common for their Cattle, rateably, and in proportion to their respective Lands in the said Parish; and that the Petitioners Richard and Frederick Frankland, in Trust for the said Lady Talbot, and allb James Pitt, are entitled to fomcgreatlythes within the said Manor: And alleging, that it would be greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors of the said Lands and Tythes if the said Lands were inc!ofed, and divided amongst the several Owners, and others having Right of Common thereon, of other Interest therein, in proportion to their respective Interests; but that such Inclosure and I)ivision cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid, with and under such Regulations as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Waller and Sir Charles Vernon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

B.irh A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Count)' of -

Roads, ter, living in and near the Roads leading by the Monument to the City of Bath, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Application is making to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill to enlarge and extend the Powers heretofore granted tQ certain Commissioners for repairing several principal Highways and Roads leading to and through the said City of Bath: And setting forth, that there is Part of an antient Market Road much frequented, between Bristol Turnpike Road and the Monument upon Lanfleading by Traey Park, towards the said City of Bath, and lying within the said County of Gloucester’, and that no Part of any of the Roads at present under the Care of the said Commission-ert doth extend into the same County, although near adjacent to the said City of Bath-, and that the many preterit Inhabitants, as well as the former of the Petitioners Neighbourhood in Glouceft and other Persons tra-24

veiling to Bath by Tracy Park aforesaid, have, for near Fifty Years part, and itill do, contribute towards the heavy Charge of a very considerable annual Toll paid at the Bath Gate, although they at present enjoy little Benefit from the said Tu:*.rike: Therefore, and in regard the said Part of the Road from BTurnpike Road to the Monument, and many Places, over LahfJown, are so very ruinous, that they cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectually amended and kept in sufficient Repair, and that it is believed a great Increase of Tolls tauft necelfa-rily arise from the present intended Enlargement of the Act, the Petitioners pray, in behalf of themselves, and others uling the said Road, That the same may be made a Part of the Bath Road, and alfilled and put in Repair, with some Part of the Tolls and Duties under the Directions of the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to $he Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Bath, in Common Council duly assembled, and also of the Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Somerset, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in and near the said City, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the 1 louse.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and reff; of the Common Council, of the Town of upon

Tyne, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That all the Roads leading to the said Town are Turnpike Roads, or Roads after the manner of Turnpike Roads, or broad Pavements, made and repaired at the foie Expence of the Corporation of Newcastle, and that the said Roads and Pavements, as well as the Streets of the said Town, are frequently ruined and spoiled by the carrying of Coals, heavy Goods, and Merchandize, upon otherWheels than broad Wheels: And further setting forth. That the Market in the said Town is inconveniently situated r And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to remedy the said Inconveniences, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it Hull appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Ridley, Sir Henry Grey, Sir Edmund Isham, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mackenzie, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. More, Mr. Ky~ nafton, Mr. Gore, Lord Strange, Mr. , Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Ly/ler, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Eger ton. Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Grafter, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Waller, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Banket, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bold, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Delaval, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Sv-monds. Sir John Glynne, Mr.; and all the Membeis who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Lane after , Westmoreland, and Cumberland, and for

North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed toput in Executional Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high Itoad leading from the North End of the Cow Causey, near the Town of Neivcajlleupon Tyne, to the Town of Belford,

and from thence to Bucktnn Burn, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Tolls by the said Act made payable for Carriages drawn along the said Road are but (mail, and not (as the Petitioners apprehend) equal to the Damage doae to the said Road thereby; and that at the time of passing the said Add, the said Highway was in a very

rpinou#

life of

n.irio.v

Wiiecii at Ntwcai-iV upon lyic%

Cow

Causey

Roads,

J.rprtfta'io.i

at Corn from America.

Clothiers

W

Geo. II. 70 Februarii: 683

ruinous Condition; and, in order to make the same palT- aide, and to carry on the Repairs thereof from time to time, the Petitioners borrowed several Sums of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been found inlutiieient to make and keep the said Road in Repair That there was borrowed, and is now owing, on the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of£.9,920, which the Petitioners find cannot, during the Continuance of the laid Ad, be repaid, and all Parts of the said Highways' be sufficiently amended, and kept in good Repair for the future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given, ro bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powmby’ the said Act granted and given, for such Time, and in such Manner, as to the Houlb shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as ushall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Ridley, Mr, Prou’fe, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Sir

dun Us Kemys Tynte, Mr. TtMr. Martin, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. II igley, Mr. Fulicr, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Id'alter, Mr. OMr. Affleck, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cere, Mr. Sandy Mr. Bold, Mr. More, Lord Strange, Mr. , Mr. Batikes,

Mr. (Falter, Sir John Turner, Mr. , Mr. Lock-

yer, M r. Frauds Detain!, Mr. Egerton, Mr.

Sir Thomas Clave ring, Mr. SSir Robert Iii/dyard, Mr. Cjcks, Lord George Manners, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Feruey, Mr Stanhope-, and all the Members who lerve

for the Counties ot NorthumberlandCumberland,

moreland, Fork, Durham, and Lancaster, and for Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, Bacon, or other Victual, from his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, unfeis to Great Britain or Ireland, or to feme of the said Colonies and Plantations, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of ,£orn. Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, Bacon, and other Victual (except Fith and Hoots, and Rice, to be exported to any Part of Europe Southward cf Cape Finiftem) from his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, unless to Great Britain or Ireland, or to feme of the said.Colonies and Plantations; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; and to allow the Exportation of Wheat, Barley. Oats, Meal, and Flour, from Great Britain to the I He of for the Use of the Inhabitants there.

Ordered, That Mr. Ofiuald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufacture oi Stroud Water, and Places adjacent in the County of Gloon behalf cf thern-selves, and many Thousands more, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the 5th Year of Queen Elizabeth and the ill of King James, relating to the Wages of Labourers, Servants, and Workmen, being rated and limited by Juf-t ices of the Peace, at aGeneral Sessions; and representing several ill Consequences which have arisen from an Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s lteign, for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned in the W oollen Manufacture; by virtue whereof the Justices of the Peace, assembled at their Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, have Power to make Rates for the Payment of Wages to Weavers employed in the Woollen Manufacture: And pravine the House to take into their Con-

VOL. 27.

deration the melancholy Situation of the Trade of that Country; and thafol'q much of the said Acts, of the 5th of Elizabeth, ami the 1 ft of Jamesj as also-of the ££th of -his present Majesty, as give Power to tfte Justices of the Peace-to make any Rate for Wages, may be amended, or that the Petitioners may luve Puclfr other Relief in the Premises.as to the House Chall leem meet,

A Petition of the Clothiers, and oilier, Manufacturers of Rrpad Cloth* in the Towp of ShepUn\ Mp.Het, in the County of Somerset, was also presented to, the House, and read; reciting a Claufo in the said Act of the 29th Year of his present Majesty; and alleging, that the Weavers of SJifsjtait Malletaforqlaid, and other, Towns and Places in the Neighbourhood thereof, did apply to the Justices of the Peace at their lift General Quarter Sessions held in and for the said County, for settling and ascertaining their Wages in pursuance of the lauhAd; and that, upon a full Hearing of the Matter, the said Justices did openly declare, that they cotftd npt ffojustand settle the said W^gea; and complaining of, the riotous Behaviour of the said Weavers, in consequence of ;tlip said Declaration: And further alleging, that, from the different Manner of manufacturing of Broad Cloth, it is impossible to settle and ascertain an equitable Rate for the weaving thereof; and that the Prices given to Weavers, and other inferior Workmen in the Clothing Business, are lb much increased beyond the Practice of former Times and foreign Countries, that the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom have not for some time pall, nor can now be, sold abroad at such low Prices as those of other Countries; in consequence whereof, the said Business hath for several Years last pall been gradually declining, and is now at a very low Ebb, particularly in the Places aforesaid, where tire same used greatly to flourish: And therefore praying. That, in Consideration of the Premises, the said recited Clause, and all other Clauses inferring the some, or relating thereto, may and shall be repealed; and that such other Relief may be granted in this Cafe, as, upon the whole Matter, shall appear reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with thei^ Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. More, Mr. Probyn, Mr.: , Mr.

Batikes, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Mr.

Ridley, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. , Mr. Kynaston,

Mr. White, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Mr. Colebrooke, Hit John GlynnMr. Fellowes, Sir

mund lsham, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Archer, Mr. Sandys,

Sir John Cvft, Mr. Fyner, Mr, Hanger, Mr, Medlycott, Lord Strange, Mr. Nor they. Lord Mr.

Jen, Mr. Webb, Mr. Moore, Mr. Osbaldeston, Mr. Fone-reau, Mr. Bond, Mr. Bold, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Hewett, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. , Sir Henry Erjkiue,

Mr. Rye, Lord Parker, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Ellis Cunliffe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Wills, , and

Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Vice Admiral Knowles do, upon Tuesday the 2 2(1 Day of this instant February, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House upon the 1 Sth and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March last, in the last Stfiion of Pa^P ment, relating to the then Governor, Council, and fembly, of Jamaica,

Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copi :s of all Contrafts now fubfilling ipr victualling his Majesty’s

Force*

Clcitliifr#

Wafers.

if

Jamaica

Affairs,

Contm fi for vuHonlling Fortes in Arcerica,

Supply Bill; Lottery.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Caatnutm

of

frmkgti.

Shaw Hill load.

UauUcy

Draiua^c.

684 70 — 8°

Forces in America; and also of such Accounts as have been received of victualling of the Forces under the Command of Major-General Skirley, in 1755 and 1756.

Resolved, That an humble Addrds be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-red ions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Minutes of the Treasury, and all Papers laid before that Board, relating to the furnishing the Forces under Lord Loudoun in America with Provisions.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his. Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself. into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of die Committee.';

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn -ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir William Stanhope, Mr. Nugent junior, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Page, Mr. Kent, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Balch, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Charlton, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar its, 8# die Februarii;

Anno 30* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

A BILL for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the PariQi of through

Googe'i Lane, Corsham, Bideflone, and West Yat ton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, i- the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bond, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Locke, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Mcdlycott, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Wig/ey, Mr. Willy, Mr. Smith, Mr. West, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Sclivyn, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Potter, Mr. Gafhry, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Symonds, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Amcotts, Lord

nty, Mr. More, Mr. Moore, Mr Sit Robert Long,

Mr. Alexander; and all the Members who serve for the Canties of Wilts, Somexfet, Devon, Cornwall, and Dorset;

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Land within the Bounds and Precincts of the several Parishes or Townships of Ramsey, Bury, Wiftczv,

Februarii. A. 1757.

Stand Ground, and Water Newton, within the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the Isle of and County of Cambridge, in behalf of themfel ves, and the rest of the O vvners there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That certain Low Grounds, Feu Lands, and Commons, within the said Bounds and Precincts, are subject to bC overflowed; but arc capable of being drained, and greatly improved: And therefore praying. That effectual Provitlon maybe made for draining and preserving the said Grounds, Hands, and Commons, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-Itderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Carysfo Mr. Sir

Henry Erjkinc, Mr. Nledlycott, Sir If Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Vernon, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. -LsftMr. Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Adore, Mr. Newnham Mr. Herbert, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Oaf ova, Mr.

Dalftone, Mr. Lowndes, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Syiso.tds,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Crafier, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Bid.'ey. Sir Giynne-,

and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Norfolk, Sup/elk, Northampton, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Webb presented to the House, according to Or- Frir. der, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the com- hoofer;, mon, open, and arable, Fields and wa.fte Grounds, in the Manor of Earlftone, in the Parish of Burghcleare, in the County of Hants: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra- to a ,'h, ciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies therein for ’"u11 mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the poor Prisonersconfined for Debt ia Di’-.y his Majesty’s Gaol in Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, Dctw>. was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their very great Distress, particularly at this time: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Charles Gore presented to the House, according to pit.Va Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in to Repair, the high Road from the Park Gates of fc-'M

Radcliffe Esquire, in the Town of Hitchin in the County Ro!tL of Hertford, through the Town of and through

Carrington Cotton End to a Fatm-house called St. Leonard’s, at the End of the Town of Bedfordand also the high Road from the Turning-out of the aforesaid Road into Henlow Field, through the Parishes of and Clifton,

and through Hill Lane, Caldecot, and Hatch, to Bridge, in the County of Bedford: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. West presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two T«i lj/! Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Third, and the other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called

Skipjton ’Poll Gate, at Bridp/own, in the Parish of O' Stratford, in the County of Warwthrough

fterand Skipjton upon Stozvcr, to the Top of

Hill, in the said County of Warwick, and ajlo tur repairing

30 Geo. II. 8° Febrmrii. 685

ing the Road leading from the Fi'rft Mile Stone (landing ing several Powers, granted by ail Act, made in the 20’th on the said Ship/iou Road, through a Lane tailed Clifford Year of his present Majesty’s lleign, for opening, Cleans-

Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a ing, repairing, and improving; the Haven of Southwold,

Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester; in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir Cartel Firebratt,

And the same was received; and read the Firsttime. Mr. Edward Femon, and Mr. Affleck, do prepare, and

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. bring in, the fame.

Bath Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petitioa toad*. ()f the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Bath, in Common Council duly assembled; and also of the Justices of the Peace for the Counties of

cester, Wilts, and Somerset, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in and near the said City, was referred, be revived.

Accounts The House being informed. That Mr. Simons, Ac-tlwBritiS countant to die Society the Free Fishery, attended fishery. at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the Society of the Free British Fishery, from 31st December 1755, to 31st December 1756.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sourhwold

Haven.

n j~ -

t

L-

V-

G>

Sir Cordel Firebrace reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk, and of several other Persons, Inhabitants of the Towns of South wold, HulcJ'jcorth, and other Towns and Places in the said County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto lub* feribed, Was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Act was read; whereby several Rates and Duties were granted, and several Powers given, for the Purpose of opening, deanfing, repairing, and improving, the said Haven. Then,

Mr. John Poole was examined; who laid. That the Trustees to the said Act have not been able, under the Provisions thereof, effectually to perform the Works thereby directed to be done: That they have been obliged to employ the whole Money arising from the Rates and Duties in Support of the Piers only, which has not been sufficient even for that single Purpose: That if the said Haven was thoroughly repaired, it would be of general Advantage; for which Purpose it is absolutely necessary that the Terms of the said Act should be enlarged, and ibme Alterations and Additions made thereto.

Mr. Thomas Knight, being examined, said, That the

River Blyth in Suffolk is capable of being made navigable from the said Haven to Ha Bridge in the said County; and that if the Navigation of the said River was opened, and effectual Provision made for maintaining the lame, it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said County, and to the Public in general.

Mr. Thomas Manning, Engineer, laid, That he apprehends the said River Blyth may ealily be made navigable.

Ordered, That I-cave be given to bring in a Bill for making the River Blyth navigable from,

in the County of Suffolk, into the Haven of Soutlnvold; and alia for enlarging the Term, and amending and alter-Von. 27.

A Petition Of John Taylor, of Fitlford, in the County of York, Esquire, Francis Meek, of Beverley, in the same County, Esquire, the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of York, Robert Oates, of Water Esquire, William Richardson, Edward Stabler, Barnard Akroyd, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed and let, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, within the Manor or Lordship of Fulford, there are certain large common Fields, common Meadows, Grounds, and Commons, containing together Seven hundred and Eighty Acres of uninclosed Land, or thereabouts; and that the said John Taylor is Lord of the said Manor, and Owner of several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the same; and that the said Francis Meek is the Owner of the impropriate Rectory of Fulford aforesaid, and of all the great and small Tythes and ecclesiastical Dues (Easter Offerings only excepted), arising, renewing, and payable, within the said Manor; and that the said Mayor and Commonalty have a Right of Stray and Average in the said common Fields, and some ancient Inclosures lying within the said Manor, and also a Right of intercommoning with the Inhabitants of Fulford aforesaid upon the said Commons, in Trull for the Freemen of the said City, inhabiting within Walmgate Ward within the same City; and that the other Petitioners are respectively Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the same Manor; and alleging, that all the said Petitioners are delirous that the said common Fields, Meadow Grounds, and Commons, should be divided and inclosed; and that a certain Part of the said Commons should be allotted to the said Mayor and Commonalty, in Severalty, for the Benefit of such Freemen, as aforesaid, in lieu of their laid Right; and that, an adequate Compensation should be made to the said Francis Meek, in lieu of his said Tythes and Dues; by means whereof the said Lands and Grounds will be capable of great Improvement; but as the same cannot be effectually carried into Execution, without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadow Grounds, and Commons, within the Manor or Lordship of Fulford, in the County of York-, and for other 1’ur-poses therein to be expressed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that the Lord Downe and Sir Conyers do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Deffirtion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. L. After "be," to insert at any time."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass s And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny arid Defeition, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Nugeta presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Refitted, That the Bill be read a Second time.

IM Mr.

Fulford

Ioclofrre.

Army;

Mutiny

and

D*fertio«.

Distillation from Coro.

6 8° Februarii. 1757.

St l.vikc’s Mr. I Cooke prefer) fed to the House, according to Order, Poor. a Bill for the ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for the better ordering and regulating the Poor, in the Parish of 'Saint Luke, in the County of And

the fame was-rtceived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Eill be read a Second tifne>

Privilege. The Lord Dufplin, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Complaint, made to the 'House upon the 19th Day of January I aft, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Milton did, oh the Morning of the said 19th Day of , serve

Sir Nicholas Rnily Baronet, a Member of this House, with ’ a Writ in an Action of Trespass, in which Thomas Gooch was Piaintiflyand William Williams, Attorney for the -Plaintiff; together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame- was read; and is as followeth;

To prove what is alleged in the Complaint,

Sir Nicholas Baily informed your Committee., That he was served with a Copy of a Writ, on the 19th Day of January, by John Milton; which Copy was produced to tyour Committee; and read in the following Words:

" George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and King, Defender of the

1" Faith; and lo forth. To the Sheriff of , G reet-

" ing. We command you, that you take Sir Nicholas Baily, late of Westminster, in your County, Baronet, and " John Clements, late of the same Place, Gentleman, if they " shall be found in your Bailiwick, and them safely keep; " so that you may have their Bodies-before our Justices " at Westminster, in Eight Days of St. Hillary, to anf.ver *' Thomas Gooch in a Plea, wherefore with Force and Arms the Clole of the said Thomas, at Westminster, they - " broke, and other Wrongs to him did, to the great Damage of the said Thomas, and against our Peace; and: " have you there this Writ. Witness, Sir John Wtlles " Knight, at Westminster, the 29th Day of in

" the 30th Year of our Reign.

" Mr. John Clements, you are served with this Process, " to the Intent that you may, by your Attorney, appear in his Majesty’s Court of Common Pleas, at the Return " thereof, being the 20th Day of January instant, in -" order to your Defence in this Action, Willes.

~ " Williams.

*January the 17th, 1757.

" Indorsed: William Williams, of Hr gyle Buildings, " Plaintiff’s Attorney."

Then George M‘Kie, Servant to Sir Nicholas Baily, being examined, laid, That he let the said Mitton into Sir Nicholas Baity's House, about the Time mentioned in the Complaint; but is not certain as to the Day: That

ton a iked if Six Nicholas was at home? To which the Witness answered, he was. Whereupon Mitton desired -co speak with him; and the Witness told him, if he would lend in his Bu/inc-ls, he would acquaint Sir Which Adit ton refilled to do: Upon which, the Witness acquainted Sir Nicholas, that a Man wanted to speak with hiih. Sir Nicholas ordered him to alk what his Business was: That Mitton then told him, that his Business with iStr Nicholas, was about a Chancery Suit, in relation to Mis. StrawbridgAs Will, in which Sir Nicholas was in-.terested; wherctipon the Witness introduced Milton into the Room to his Matter1.;

Then the Parties complained of being severally asked, what ..they had to offer to the Committee in their Defence ?..

John Mitton owned the serving the Copy of the Writ 011 Sir Nicholas Baily; and said he had nothing to lay in . , his ovn Defence.

Then William Williams owned, that the Writ was sued -Out by his Directions; and that he had nothing to offer in his Defence; but that he was totally ignorant that Sir Nicholas Baily was-a Member of Parliament; and that

when Gooch gave him Directions to sue Sir Nicholas, he never hinted to him that Sir Nicholas was a Member; and that the Stratagem of Mitton to get Access to Sir Nicholas

was madeufe ofwichout his Knowledge or Direction; and that he hoped he should Rand excused upon account of his Ignorance of Sir Nicholas Baily % being a Member.

Then John Mitton confelT-d, that the Stratagem he made u!c of to get Admittance to Sir Nicholas Baily was his own Invention; and that he knew Sir Nicl.d.is was concerned in that Chancery Suit, being employed by Mr.

Key, who was Attorney 10 Mrs.

Then Thomas Gooch said, That he thought his Demand upon Sir Nicholas Baijy to be a just Debt, that the Itcafon of his suing out the Writ was, that he did not know how to get his Money by any other means:

And he added, that he did not know Sir Nicholas Baily was a Member of Parliament.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Mitton having, on the 19th Day of this instant January, delivered to Sir Nicholas Baily Baronet, a Member of this House, a Copy of a Writ fakement against him in an Action of Trespass, with an Intention to serve Notice of such Action on the said Sir Nicholas Baily, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That William Williams, Attorney at Law, having caused the said Copy of a W rit, in an Action of Trespass, to be delivered to Sir Nicholas Baily Baronet, a Member of this

House, with an Intention to serve Notice of such Action on the said Sir Nicholas Baily, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thomas Gooch, having directed the said Writ, in an Action of Trespass, to be served on Sir Nicholas Rally Baronet, a Member of this House, is thereby guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the QuelUon severally put thereupon, agreed to by*the House.

Ordered, That the said John Mitton be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said William Williams be, for his said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Gooch be, for his laid Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers of Iron, within the City of Bristol, under their common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That great Quantities of Bar Iron are imported into this Kingdom from Sweden, Russia, and other Parts, which are chiefly paid for in Specie; feme of1 which lion is exported again to Africa, and other Places, slndthe rest is wrought up by the Manufacturers and alleging, that Bar Iron brought from North America would answer the same Purposes; and the Importation of it would tend not only to the great Advantage of this Kingdom, by increasing its Shipping and Navigation, but also to that of the Colonies; and that by an Act, passed in the 23d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, the Importation of Bar Iron from America into the Port of London, Duty-free, was permitted, but prohibited from being carried Coastwise, or further by Land than Ten Miles Distance; by means whereof, several very considerab'e manufacturing Towns are deprived of the Use of American Iron, and the Out-ports are prevented from employing it in their Export Trade;

And therefore praying, That Bar Iron may be imported from North America into Great Britain, Duty-free, by alt his Majesty’s Subjects.

Ordered,

Paprn

rcfw filing

Minorca, and ihe fleet under Ada . iiy:i£*

30 Geo. II. 8° Februarik > 687

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to tonfidef of the said Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Quell:ion being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Direct ions, That there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters and other Papers, containing any Intelligence received by either of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any other of his Majesty’s M milters, in relation to the Equipment of the French Fieet at Toulon, the March of French Troops to that Place, or the Designsof the French on Minorca, since the ift Day of January 1755; not inferring, unless his Majesty thinks fit, the Names of Peri'ons transmitting such Intelligence}

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

After the Word "Toulon," to insert " or of any other Fleets in the several other Ports of France:" After the Words " French 'Froops to," to insert " Toulon, or any other'Parts of the Coast of:" To leave out the Word Place," and insert "Kingdom:" After the Word " Minorcato insert " or any other of his Majesty’s " Poss-(Irons in Europe-," and to leave out from " 1755" to the End of the Question; and add, " to the ift Day of " August hit, instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " or of any other Fleets in the several other Ports of be inferred after the Word " Toulon

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " m Ion, or any other Parts of the Coasts of," be inserted after the Words " French Troops to}"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Place," proposed to be left our, stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word "King* " doin’’ be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Words "or any " other of Ins Majesty’s Pottefii >ns in Europe" be inserted after the Word " Minorca-"

it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question beingput, That all the Words from " 1755," to the End of the Question, proposed to be left out, (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words "to " the First Day of August last," be added instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

P.efolved, Ninline contradicente, That an humble Ad-ffrefs be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies, or Extracts, of all Letters, and other Papers, containing any Intelligence received by either of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, the Commissioners ror executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or any other of his Majesty’s Ministers, in relation to the Equipment of the French Fleet at Toulon, or of any other Fleets in the several other Ports of France, the March of French Troops to Toulon, or any other Parts of the Coasts of that Kingdom, or the Deligns of the French on Minorca, or any other of his Majesty’s Possessions in Europe, since the 1 ft Day of January 1 755, to the ift Day or last.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a List or

Vofc. 27.

Lists of all his Majesty’s Ships of War, or Squadrons of such Ships of War, as were equipped and made ready for the Sea, from the ift Day of 1755> to the

30th Day of April 1756; and abo Copies of a 1 Sailing Orders sent to the Commanders of such Ships or Squadrons, respectively, during the Period of Time above-mentioned; as also the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Ships in the several Ports of Great Britain, at th; (ime of the Departure of Admiral Bytig, with the Squadron under his Command, for the Relief of Fort St. lip's, and during the Period of Time above mentioned, according to the Monthly Returns thereof made tc the Admiralty; and the Number of Seamen bnrne and muttered on board the said Ships at and during the said time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gracicufty pleated (ogive Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders and Instructions given to Admiral from the time of his being appointed Commander in Chief of the Squadron^ which tailed in April last for the Mediterranean-, and all’o Copies of all Letters written to, or received from, the said Admiral, during his Continuance in such Command, by either of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State, or by the ComtniflTioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the State and Condition of the said Squadron, anu to the Execution of the said Orders and Instructions.

Refo’ved, That cn humble Address he presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the monthly Lifts, containing the Disposition of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in Sea Pay, between the ift October 1755, and 6th Apriliyy6.

Ordered, That ti e said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the additional Stores supplied the Ships under the Command of Admiral Byng, at previous

to his Sailing, with the Value thereof.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-f rections, that there be laid hefore this House, Copies of all Orders for Convoys, between the ift 1755,

and 6th April 1756.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give DU rections, that there be laid before this House, an Account of what Men were taken from other Ships, to make up the Complements of the Ships under the Command of Admiral Byng.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That lie will be graciously pleased to give Dir rections, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Men discharged from the several Ships under the Command of Admiral Byng, after he was appointed to the Command, and previous to his Sailing, with the Reasons for their Discharge, and by what Order.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders given to any Officer or Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces, to repair to his or their respective Regiment or Regiments, or Duty, in the llland of irom the 30th Day of August 1755, to the 30th Day of April 1756.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Garrison of Fort St. Ph\, in the island of Minorca, on the 8th Day ot April 1756, contain.ng the Number of effective Men in the said G irrifon; and also the Quantity of Provisions and military Stores contained therein at that time.

Ordered,

688 86 — 90 Februarii. . 175 7.

Ordered, That the said Add relies be presented to hh Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Sapply Bill; Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Utttty. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Uc-port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Billy with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Visitii. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-bight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

And then the House adjourned till To-morvow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

*1. - , - - — --- — — ----- -----.-- 1 ... —

Mercurii, 90 Februarii \

Anno 50° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

Pit AYERS.

Reading A PETITION of the Trustees for putting in Exe* to ±\. cution Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the BaBr.gRoke Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King , and °* ' the other in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several Counties

of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the said County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trustees, by the said Acts appointed, were obliged to borrow several Sums of Money for the speedy repairing of the said Highways; which Sums, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; yet the said Highways cannot be effectually'repaired, and kept in Repair, and the said Sumsof Money be repaid, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts are further continued, and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Prowje, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Poore Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. 7 Sir John Turner, Mr.

Godolphin, Lord Euston, Mr. Powell, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Bond, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mabhot, Mr. Probyn, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Crajler, Mr. , Mr. Reynolds, Lord Viliters, Mr. Freeman, Lord Ma/pas, Mr.

Fiftier, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Lord,

Mr. Locke, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Mr. Finch, Mr.

Ward-, and all the Members who lerve for tire Counties Berks, Hants, Bucks, and Wilts: And they ate to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s "Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papep, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, 'Veftlx-.ry Clergy, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Towns and V Parishes of West bury, Trowbridge, and the County of Wilts, and Places adjacent; and also of the Road. Aldermen and Common Burgesses of the Borough of Westlmry aforesaid, whole Names are thereunto lubfuibed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from a Place called Pen Gate, in the Parish of Wefibury aforesaid, in and through the Town and Borough of West bury, to a Place called in the

Parish of Edington, in the said County; and also the Road leading from Flinty Nap, in 'and through the Parish of Little Chiverell, to a Public House at Littleton, in the said

County, called the Wheat Sheaf-, and -also the Road leading from the Top of West bury Hill, adjoining to Plain, in and through the Town and Borough of buryaforesaid, to and through the Parish of North Bradley, to the End of a Lane called Stud/ey Lane-, by reason of the Soil thereof, and the many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, are become so exceeding ruinous, as, in the Winter Season, to be impalfable with Carriages, without great Danger; and that many Parts of the said Roads are so narrow, that Two Carriages, or Horses laden, cannot pal's by each other; and cannot be sufficiently widened, amended, and kept in Repair, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a B.ll for altering, widening, amending, and keeping in Repair, the said Road leading from Pen Gate aforesaid to Bu/pit aforesaid, and from Flinty Nap aforesaid to the said Public House called the Wheat Sheaf, at Littleton aforesaid; and also the said Road leading from the Top of aforesaid, to and through the Town and Borough of Westbury aforesaid, to the End of Lane, adjoining

to the Turnpike Road leading from Trowbridge aforesaid to Beckington aforesaid; or to grant the Petitioners such.

Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it ftuHl appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr.

Cooke, Lord Villiers, Mr. Plumer, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Hayes, Lord John , Mr. Poore,

Sir John Glynn, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. , Mr. Med-

lycott, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Trift, Mr. Mabbott, Mr. Hammond, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. , Mr.

Foley, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. E°erton, Mr. More, Mr. Co-

ventry, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Crafter, Mr.

Barry, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Watson, Mr. Bertie, Mr. nereau, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Colleton % and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, and

Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, iveil Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Bed- Navigation-ford and Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Thar the River Iveil, from the River Ouze, in the Parish of Tempsford, in the County of Bedford, to Broad Mead, in the Parish of Southill, in the said Courtty, and from thence up the Three several Branches thereof, one to a Place called Port Mill, in the Town of Hit chin, in the County of Hertford, another to a Mill called Black Hose Mill, in

the Parish of Bygrave, in the said County of Hertford, and the other to the South and North Bridges in the Town of Shefford, in the said County of Bedford, are capable of being made navigable for Barges, and other Vessel; and alleging, that the making the said River, and Branches thereof navigable, will be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a 1.8 Bill '

Loxlcy

Inciolure.

®outWark

Market.

30 Geo. II.

Bill for making the said River, and Branches thereof, navigable, under such Regulations, and in such Manner, as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Hammond, Sir John Gl\nne, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Grafter, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Wynne, Lord Barnard, Mr. Brand, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Poiler, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Eger ion, Sir Thomas Mo ft tyn, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Ward, Mr. /IV-lowes, Mr. A'ichotfton Calvert, Mr. Pryce, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. More, Lord Js/A Cavendish, Mr. Ter non, Lord, George Cavendish, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Grove, Mr. Walter, Sir Armine Wodehoufte, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Wiglcy, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Temp eft, Mr. Powell, Mr. Lewis, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Medlicott, Sir George 7huge, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Freeman, Colonel Bcftcazven; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford, Bucks, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Pelibns, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands lying in the open Fields and commonable Places in the Parish of Loxlcy, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; lotting forth.* That the said open Fields and commonable lands, containing upwards of 1 coo Acres, lie intermixed, and inconveniently literate, with respect to the several Proprietors; and alleging, that if the same were divided into distinct Shares to the fevc-ral Owners, and inclosed, it would greatly increase the Value thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Land, under such Regulations, and by such Methods, as to the House Ihdl seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. a *aven, Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. Grove, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Pari Hi of St. Saviour in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; reciting levered Parts of an Act, made in the.28th Year of Ids nrefent Majesty’s Reign, to enable the Churchwardens, Overker?, and Inhabitants, of the said Parish to hold a Market within the said Pari Ho, not interiering with the high Street of the said Borough; and alleging, that the Petitioners find many Difficulties in putting the said Act in Execution, for want of some further Powers therein; and taking Notice, that some Doubts have arisen about the Description of the Ground whereon the said Market is to be crofted; and Petting forth, that the Petitioners are desirous that the Description of the Ground whereon the said Market is to be erected may comprise the Ground and Buildings in Rochester Yard, and other Grounds and Buildings adjacent to and Jving near the lame; and likewise pointing out several Delefts in the said Act, which the Petitioners are desirous may be supplied; and that the Petitioners may be enabled to raise the further Sum of £. a,000 for purchasing Lands and Tenements for the Use of the said Market: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in Bill to explain and amend, for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Act made in the aSth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Vol. 27.

689

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gore, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Craftier, Mr. Bankese Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Moreton, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Cust, Mr. Fdiozves, Sir Ctrdtl Fire hr ace, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Olmius, Colonel A(Court, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sanihs, Mr. More, Mr. Gaftiry, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Ky no ft on. Mr. Craven, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Herne, Mr. Ternon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Smith, Mr. Provefe, Mr. Boone, Mr. Pturner. Sir ITm. Beauchamp Prottor, Mr. Lowndes, Sirftjohn Glynne, Mr. Hume, Mr. Mcdhco/t, Mr. Westphaling, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Sdwyn, Mr. AmcotU, Mr. Bond, Mr. Dodd, Lord Strange; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Suffix, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Pigaad Bar Iron, which have been imported from the British Colonies in America, from the 24 June 1750, to the 24 June 1756; distinguishing each Year, and each Colony, and how much in Pig, and how much in Bar.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into Great Britain from foreign Countries, since the 24 June 1750, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to; distinguishing each Country, and each Year.

A Petition of William Williams, Attorney at Law, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner is now a Prisoner in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of the Privilege thereof, committed against Sir Nicholas Baity, a Member thereof: and expressing his unfeigned Sorrow for the said Offence; and representing to the House, that the Petitioner’s Confinement will be of the utmost triment, not only to his private Affairs, but also to several Persons by whom he is intruded and employed: And. therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to order the Petitioner to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said William Williams be this Day brought to the Bar of this House, in order to his being discharged.

A Petition of the Indices of the Peace, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, relidingin or near the several Towns, Villages, and Roads, therein after-mentioned, in the County of Leicester,\vzs presented to the House, and read; Retting forth. That the main Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to Afthby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, from a certain Bridge called Burleigh Bridge, through Loughborough Field, Thorpe Acre Field, Sue/fts Lane, over Charnwood For eft, otherwise Charley Chace, through the Liberties of Shepshead and Gracedieu, to Gracedieu Lane, through Gracedieu Lane,

j 9

over Thringston Fields, through Riley Lane, to the Snape Gate, over Thringston Moor and Cohort on Moor, through the Town of Cohort on, by Coleorton Church, to Afthby de la Zouch; and also from the South End ot Gracedieu Lane, over Thringston Field, through the South End of the Town o{Thringston, to Talbot Lane; arc become so ruinous, that not only in the Winter Season, but in wet Summers, many Parts thereof are almod impalfable for Carriages, and very dangerous for loaded Horlcs and Travellers on-Horseback, and in divers Places so narrow, as so render the same vepy incommodious; and that the said Roads cannot be amended and kept in Repair without the Aijiftance of Parliament: And therefore praying, Thac Xeavetnay be given to bring in a Billfor amending, widen-

8 N ing,

90 Februar

Accounts of Iron Imported.

Privilege.

Louchlorougti

Road.

690

9° Februarii.

.1757.

Privilege.

ing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads from borough to Allibyde hi Zone!:,in such manner as to the

House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Smith, Mr. Wivles, Mr.

0 - 7

Bond) Mr. Egerton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prozvfe, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Gybbvn, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. More, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. IFright, Mr. Morton, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hammond, Mr. /[fleck, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Whittington, Sir 7^ Molesworth, Mr. Thurjby, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Kynnsion, Mr. GV?, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Wittes, Mr. Craven, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Grove, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Es/cy, Mr. C00G?, Mr. Lord Verney, Mr. Alderman ZLy/c-

/crj, Lord Shelburne; and all tbcMcmbers who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

William Williams was, according to Order, brought to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Road. an Act, made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the Counry of Leicester, to the Town of de la Zouch, in the same County, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the said Act hath proved ineffectual, and doth not answer the End thereby intended: And therefore*praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repair, amend, and widen, the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Mark-field, in the said County of Leicester, over Part of Charley otherwise Charnwood Forefi, through the Town of Whit wick, to and through Talbot Lane, and over Part of Cohort on Moor, to a Place where the Road comes in from Ryley Lane, in the said County of Leicester *, and that the said Road may not interfere with, or lessen, the Duties now arising from the Toll-gates already set up by virtue of the said Act; and further praying, That Leave be given to set up a Toll-gate or Toll-gates near Talbot Lane aforesaid, and to receive such a Duty from thence as the House shall think proper; and that they may have { Power to raite Money upon the said Duty, without affecting or lessening the other Duties already laid upon the said Road by the said former Act, or the Ad that was fmee made for the Amendment of the said Act, and to have such other and further Relief in the Premises as the FJoufe shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fit leration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear {o them, to the House:;

And it is referred to Mr. Wigley, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Poore, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kviajhn, Mr More, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Amcotts, Lord Strange, Mr. Morton, Mr. Cooke9 Mr. Probyn, Mr. Foley, Mr. Egerton, Sir Frauds Poole, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Whittington, Sir John Molesworth, Mr.

'J'hwtjly, Sir Edmund Firm, Mr. Grave, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Craven, S«r Richard Warwick Bampfylde,

Rankes, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Digby; and all the Members who serve for tlje Counties of Leicep.tr, Northampton, Derby, and War-uuk; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five g£

the Clock, in the Speaker’- Chamber: And have Power

tq fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields Pryors common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lord ship of Pry- Uvl0/U;c ors Marston, in the County of tVarwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowje,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Craven, 'Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Colleton, Sir Edmund Ilham, Mr. Trjjr,

Sir John Glynne, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowndes,

Lord Strange, Mr. Fuller, Mr. FeIlevees, Mr. Probyn,

Air. More, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bankes, Sir William Owen, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lsficr, Sir Roger Newddgate, Mr Nor-they. Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Krregion,

Mr. Ward, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Begot, Sir John Cujl,

Air. Wilbraham, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Bond, Mr. Amrotts,

Mr. Dodd, Sir Robert Long, Mr. IVcdpole, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Popham, Sir Nicholas Daily, Mr. Symends, Mr. Affix tk, Mr. Ptrwell, Mr.

IVigley, Mr. TownJJicnd, Mr. Tor he. Air. S heller, Mr.

Charles TownJJicnd; and all the Alembers who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Derby, Oxford, and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace and Gentlemen of the County of Pembroke wa> presented to the House, of O..\ and read; representing fever.il good Effects which the Petitioners allege would attend the felling of Corn by Weight: And therefore praying the 1-Lufe to take this Matter into Consideration, and make such Regulations therein as to the House lluill lean meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made to the House upon the 28th Day of January lad, from the Committee who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price, of Corn and Bread for the future, be taken into further Consideration.

A Bill for dividing and inclosng certain common Paf- WngwrA tures and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of IVingerworth, and in the Hamlet of Tipton, in the Parish of North Wingfield respectively, in the County of Derby, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Georgy Cavendish, Lord Strange, Lord John Cavendish, Loid Duncannon. Air. Gore, Mr. Celle!on, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

She Her, Mr. Charlton, Mr Nugent, Sir John Cud, Mr.

Prowje, Lord Carysfort, Mr. More, Sir Francis Pools,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Ksnafion, Mr.

Morton, Lord Faifion, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Ridley, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Foler, Mr. Bond, Mr. Cooke, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Ou/luzv,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Olmius, Lord Villiers, Mr. Stanley, Lord George Manners, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Aled/v-coit, Mr. Ward, Mr. Watfn, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Pater,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

L\jle.r, Mr. FazakerUy, Lord PcvjaJcourt, Mr. Symonds,

Sir William Codringtm, Mr. Tr.fi, Sir Nicholas Buddy, Air.

Smith; and all the ALmbcis who serve for the Counties of Derby, York, Nottingham, Leicester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Mayor of Louden presentrd to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Towcester, through SilvcrJinn and Brack ley, in the County of Nortkcvnptcn, and Ardley and Middleton Sloney, to Wefion Gate, in the Parish ot V ejloy] on the Green, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ReJ/ivcdj That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Mcffigp

Fro me

St'Jatiji.

Road.

SVVft

f<-n

fcciti‘;.rc,

30 Geo. II. 90Februarii. 691

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Moirniagu and Mi. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reoauirvg and wiceiv.ng several Roads leading to, through, nod trom, the d own of Eromc, in the County of Son:erfet\ and for giving further Powers to the Truf-tecs in an Act passed in 11.c 25th Year of his present Maie fiys Reign, lor repairing the Roads from the Town of Warmhijkr, in the County of Wilts* to the City of Hath, in the County of Somefet* and other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Mciiengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other?, living near, and travelling, the Roads from Bagshot, in the County of Surrey* through Frimlx* Tateky, and other Places, in thr Counties of Surrey, Berks* and Hants* to Hertford Bridge Hill* where the Basingstoke Turnpike terminates in the County of Hants* was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Road leading from Earshot* through the said several Counties and P*i-rishes, to Hertford Brid e Hill aforesaid, is very ruinous, and cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Road leading from Bagshot to a Place called the Golden Farmer* is directed to be repaired by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present 'Malefly, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Honujhzv Heath, in the County of Middlesex* to a Place called Bafmdmie, near the Town of Bagshot in the Parish of Windlesham, in the County of Surrey* which Act is further continued by an Act of the 12th Year of his present MajesivVs Reign; but that the Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution have hitherto made very lit lie Progress in the Repair ot that Part of the said Road, so that it fhll remains in a ruinous Condition; nor will it, as the Petitioners apprehend, be possible to repair it by virtue of the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Bagshot* through Frim ley and Yateiy* to Hert-' ford Bridge Hill and that that Part of the Road from Bags hot to a Place called the Golden Farmer may be included in the la:d Bill; and that the said several Roads may be repaired by fuel] Ways and Means, and under such Regulations and Rctlndiuns, as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conti deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the l.ioufe:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Long, Sir John Glynn:* Mr. Craven, Mr. Banker Mr. Eger ion* Mr. Bond, S:r // Plough by /ft on* Mr. Moore* Mr. Cartwright* Mr. Poole* Mr. Prozrje* Mr. JMed/ycott* Mr. WigUy* Mr. Foley* Sir Edmund If:am* Mr. Sandxs* Sir Francis Poole* Mr. Hammond* Mr. Feflozves* Mr. Gybbon* Mr. Kynafon* Mr. BayrJun, Sir John Cnft, Mr. Foncreau* Mr. Lxjler* Mr Vernon* Lo;d Strang/* Mr. Fa a a her ley* Mr. Daw-lu.w, Mr. Earle, Mr. Cintwynd* Mr. 7hnrjbx* Mr. Co-vt>d>y\ Mr. Bankes* Mr Ellis* Mr. Probyn* Mr. Nugent* Mr. Huff* Mr. Hayes, Mr. Stanley, Mr. T'ozwifi:end* Mr. Djr’t/y Sir Henry Grey* Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gore, Mr. E.jJ'ey; and all the Members who serve for tire Counties or Surrey* Bedts* Hants* Units* and Dorset: ’And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend (or Persons, Papers, and Records.'

Sir Henry Grey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming and dUbfishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and indofin r the open down Fidds of W ft Ada fen* and a in -di Common or waste Ground thereto admining, in the County of Nortlumber-/and: And the ian-e was rccencd; and read the hint time;

Refcived* That the Bill be read a.Second time.

Yol. 27.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon* was presented to the House, and read; reciting several Parts of at} Act made in the 6th Year of the Rc.’gn of Queen Anne* for constituting the Guardians of the Poorot She laid iowrr, and alleging, that the yearly AlIHiinents, together with the annual Income of the real and personal Estate inverted in the Petitioners, have been greatly deficient to answer the Purposes for which the same were directed; and that the Petitioners have been obliged to take up at Interest £. 1,200, and upwards, for the Purposes of the said Charity; and that the Poor of the said Town and Parishes are become very numerous; and that the Expence of maintaining and passing of Vagrants was formerly allowed the Guardians and Corporation out of the County Rates; but that the same is now withheld: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises intoCou-sideration, and to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in to impower the Petitioners to make a further or additional Assessment for railing Money to be applied for discharging the Money so due and owing, and borrowed and taken up for the charitable Purposes above-mentioned, and for making a better Provision for the Maintenance and Support of the said Charity for the future; and a!so for defraying and reimbursing to the Petitioners and Guardians, out of the County Rates aforesaid, the Charges and Expences which they shall hereafter furtain in the apprehending, maintaining, passing, and conveying, all Vagrants taken up within the Town and Parishes of Plymouth* as are paid or allowed to other Towns and Pari Hies in the said County of Devon* upon their paying or contributing their Quota for the supporting the Gaols and Hospitals thereof, and for giving such other Relief to the Petitioners in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide! ation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dicker, Mr. Bowes* Mr. Olmius* Mr Gore, Mr. Fuller*, Mr. Gybbon* Sir Francis Poole* Mr. Sandys* Lord Strangs* Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Fellowes* Sir Francis Drake, Mr. More* Lord Verney* Mr. Charlton* Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hit (fey* Sir John Cnft* Mr. Proofe* Air. Fazakerley* Mr. Bond* Sir John Rufiout* Mr. Baxniun* Mr. Medlycott, Mr. NicholJ'on Calvert* Mr. Edward Marion* Mr. Nugent* Mr Burrell* Mr. Powell* Mr. JVhinccrth* Mr. Chetwynd* Mr. Pozvuey* Mr. Hamilton* Mr. Cartwright* Mr. Bankes, Mr, Hammond* Sir Henry Monro* Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lockyer* Mr. Aldworth* Mr. Dodd* Sir John Glynn* Mr, West and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon* Cornwall* Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Society of the Free Brit if 1 Fishery was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have employed the Sum of£. 130,305. 8s. 6d. together with the intire Produce of their Fish, and a)l the Monies arising from the several Bounties allowed on the Tonnage of their Shipping, and on the Exportation of their Fish, in carrying cn the said Fishery; and that the Petitioners, from being obliged, in the Infancy of the Undertaking, to incur a much larger Expence than was at that time foreseen, do now find themselves so far reduced in their present Capital, as to be utterly incapable of further prosecuting the Fisheries with any Hope of Succels, without the further Affillaace of Parliament; and that, towards enabling the Petitioners to carry on the said Fisheries, the Petitioners pray, that they may have Liberty to make use of such Nets as they may find bell adapted to the said Fisheries*, each Buss nevertheleb carrying to Sea the same Quantity of Netting, and of the same Depth, which, by the said Fishery /UK they are now

Vl-m-v.-.'A

BritTfU

Fishery,

Dlflillation f/om Corn.

Supply Bills ±*uiitry»

6qz , 90 FebruariA. 1757.

bound to carry: That the Bounty of 30 Ton, allowed by the said Aifts on the Vefl’ds employed on the said Fisheries, may be further increased; and that forasmuch as many of the Proprietors of the Stock of the said Society are unable to advance any further Sum of Money for carrying on the said Fisheries, and others of them unwilling, in the present Situation, and under the present Redraints, to risque any further Sum in the said Undertaking, the Stock of the said Society, which, by the said Acts, is made unalienable, except in same of Death or Bankruptcy, for a Term of Years, of which near Six are yet unexpired, may forthwith be made transferable; and that the Petitioners may be at Liberty, between the Intervals of the Fishing Seasons, to employ their Bufles in such manner as they shall find for the Advantage of the Society: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and flite to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Mr. Nor-

they, Sir John Rnjhout, Mr. Rigby, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord , Mr.

John Pitt, Sir Nicholas BailyMr. , Mr. Mr. Dcdivgton, Sir Francis Dafhzvcod, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Bond, Mr. IVilbraham,

Mr. Scott, Mr. Spencer, Mr. More, Mr. Lockyer, Mr.

Trijl, Mr. Waller, Mr. Watfcn, Mr. , Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. , Mr. Recorder of London, the Lord Mayor of , Mr. Lord

George Sackvi/le, Mr. ProzvfeSir John , Mr. Bathurst.Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Sir John , Mr.

Olmius, Sir John Glynne, Mr. Lord Egmont, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. inge, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Shelley, Mr. , Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Amyand, Mr. Morton, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ridley,

Sir RogerNewdigate, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Whichcot, Sir John ‘Turner, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Hammmd, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. , Mr. Pop-ham, Mr. Banhes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Powney, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Foley, Mr. , Lord Verney, Mr. Symonds, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Digby, Mr. Amcoits, Mr. Affleck, Sir William Mr. Bayn-

tun, Mr. Towtijhend, Mr. Dicker, Lord; and

all the Merchants of the House j and all the Members who serve for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inquire into, and report to the House, the State of the Free British Fishery in general Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rrfolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ref shed. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossl'd Bill for granting to his Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read the Third

time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. L. 2. To leave out "Eight," and insert " Six: "

Pr. 1 c. L. 4. To leave out " Eight," and insert " Six: "

L. 5. To leave out u Nine," and insert

" Eleven: "

Pr. 16. L. 7. To leave out " Fight," and inlert

" Six:"

I..21. To leave out " Eight," and insert

" Six."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Quezon severally put thereupon, agreed to by t:»c ! Joule: And the

Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Rcfo/ved, That the Billilo pal's: And 1 ii.it the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majdlv a Sum not exceeding One million Fifty thousand and Five Pounds and Five Shilling?, to be raised by way of Lotteiy.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Owners and Occupiers of Lands, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passeJ in the 1 qth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the one of them intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from a Place called Red House, near Doncaster, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by High

Town, and Light cliffe, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; the other intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Wakefield to and from thence to a Place called , in the Township of Henfale, and from Pontefract to nlbridge, in the

Township of Darringlon, in the West Riding of the County of York-, was referred, be revived.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two Highland Battalions of Foot, to be raised for his Majesty’s Service, for the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out Pensioners of Cheifea Hospital, for the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Civil Fft.abli firmer, t of his Majesty’s Colony of Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th of June 1756, to the 24th of June 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-raorroW Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Red Hftule

near Donr alter Road.

Wan and Meins.

Supply.

Dalkeith Two Pennii Scots.

Rye and Dover Harbours.

Ditto.

30 Geo. II. 10° Februarii. 93

Jcvis, 1 o° die Februarii;

Anno 30° Georgii lldl Regis, 1757. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Baron Bailie, and others, thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of in the County of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; Petting forth, That it is become necessary to employ an Assistant to the Minister ct the said Parish; and that a Work-house having been lately erected for the Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, some certain Fund is necessary for the Support of the fame: That the Town is at present in great Want of fresh and wholesome Water, which might easily be obtained, if a sufficient Fund was raised for defraying the Expence of conveying the same to the Town; and that the S'eeple of the Rariih Church was lately ordered to he pulled down, nor can the same be rebuilt without acon-siderable Expence: That the Petitioners are unable to defray the Expence of the aforesaid Articles and public Works out of the ordinary Revenue of the said Town: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill fur laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scot< Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith, to be applied for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Terms, and with such Reibiciions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Townshend, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Stanley, Mr.-Howell, Mr. O/miiis, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Morgan, Sir John Cvft, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Gore, Mr Mr. Ver-

non, Mr. A lore, Mr Bacon, Lord Parker, Mr.

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sir

Cor del F. rebrace, Mr. ChaunceyFo-zcnjkend, Mr

Mr. Fe.'/owes, Lord Ettjhn, Mr. , Sir Francis

Poole, Mr. Colleton, Mr. OJbaMr. Lyjler, Lord Ma/pas, Mr. Alderman BeckforMr. Alderman Mr. Bond, Sir John Turner, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hamilton, Mt. Stanhope, Lord Verney, Mr. Campbell of Calder, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr Lowndes, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Do ding ton, Mr. Sir Edward Turner-, and all the Members who serve for North tain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the Acts of Parliament for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness, was presented to the House, and read; representing the Ulefulness and Convenience of the said Harbour: And alleging, that the Commissioners appointed to execute the Powers given by the said Acts have proceeded with the utmost Integrity and Diligence, as salt as the Income of the Fund granted, and the Money which could be borrowed thereon, would allew; and that the moil difficult and expensive Parts of the Works are done; but the Commissioners could not carry on the remaining Works till they had paid, from the Produce of the Fund, the Money which had been borrowed thereupon; and that the Petitioners would now proceed with the utmost Diligence to complete the said remaining Works, if they were enabled thereunto by having the Term and Powers granted by the former Acts for those Purposes further continued, or by such other Means as this House shall think proper: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein what to them shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Lieutenant of Dover Castle, and Assistants, incorporated for the Preservation of the Har-Vol. 27.

bour of Dover, whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Assistants, was also presented to the House, and read; representing the Usefulness and Convenience of that Harbour: And setting forth. That by an Act made in the 1 ith and rath Years of King William the Thud, a Duty of Three Pence per Ton was. laid upon such Ships and Vessels as are therein described, for a Term in the said Act mentioned, for raising a Sum of Money for repairing the said Harbour; and that the Term and Powers by the said Act granted were, by several subsequent Acts, continued until the First Day of May 1765, and thereby Tw'O Third Parts of the said Duty were appropriated to the making of a Harbour at Rye; and that several very confideiable Works have been performed for the Preservation and Improvement of the said Harbour of; for defraying the Expence whereof, the Petitioners have been obliged to borrow the Sum of Three thousand Pounds on Security of the Duty; and that several Works still remain to be done, and the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds is still owing: And therefore praying, That the present Duties may be further continued, or such other Provision made as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Edward Cox, of the Parish of Saint Mary, Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, Barge Builder, was presented to the House, and lead; setting forth, That the Petitioner hath, at a great Expence, invented an Engine for the more speedy unlivering of Coal Ships that arrive in the River Thames; and representing the great Utility which the Petitioner alleges the said Engine will be of: And alleging, that the Petitioner, on having the Sanction of the Legislature for the sole Use and Benefit of his faicj Engine, is ready to submit to any reasonable Obligation he may be laid under to furnishat all times, on proper Notice, a sufficient Number of Hands and Engines to unlade, with the utmoftDifpatch, any Number of Ships that may require the lame, and at a fixed Price, after a certain limited Time for Preparation to be made, as the House shall deem requisite: and in the mean time the Petitioner will proceed with his utmoftPpwer to unla le all such Ships as may demand his Service; but the Petitioner, not being abie to fecore to himself the Benefit of his said Invention, without the Sunftion and Protection of Parliament: Therefore praying, That he may have Liberty to bring in a Bill for the securing to him, his Heirs or Assigns, the foie Ule and Benefit of his said Invention, on such Terms and Conditions, and under such Limitations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, wich their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hammond, Mr. Ridley, Lord Gage, Mr. Bayntun, Lord DMr. Reynolds, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Vernon, General Cornwallis, Mr.

Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Mr. Gore, Sir Turner, Mr«

More, Lord George Sackvilie, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Caryffort, Mr. Affleck, Sir George Lee, Mr. Sir

V m. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Nugent, Sir Robert Lad-broke, Mr. Fairfax, Sir John G/ynne, Mr. Butler, Lord Fane, Mr. Plumer, Sir John Mr. Mr.

Onslow, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Curtwight, Mr. Sir

John Turner, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Mr. Smith,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Cor del Firebrace,

Mr. Cholmley, Lord Strange, Mr. Crajler, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Popham, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Fouereau, Lord Tho-

mond, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bold, Mr. Sir John

Rufhout, Mr. Rowell, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Towrshend, Mr . Sandys, Mr. Amcotts, Mr Lord Parker,

Mr. Symonds, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Gajhry, Mr.

Vyner , Mr. Trift, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. , Lord

Shelburne, Lord Robert Bertie-, and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members who serve for the Sea Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five

SO

Cox’*

unloading

Engine.

Answer to Address for Papers.

Alconbury

Hill

Roads*

Countels of Euflon’s Settlement.

694 . 1 o° Februarii. A. 1757.

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Per (bn s, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Addrefi'es of ¥ tiej day lath, 'That his Majesty would be

fraciously pleased to give Directions, That the several 'apers therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House,

That lie will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads between a Place called the White Post on Alconbury Hill, and Wansfvrd Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and between a Place called Norman Hill, in the said County, to the City of in the County of Northampton, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That some Doubts have arisen with, relation so the Powers contained, and Directions given, in the said Acts: And alleging, that it is needfary, for the effectual Execution of the said Acts, that such Doubts should be explained: Aiid therefore praying, That Provision may be made for explaining and amending the said Acts, with respect to the Matters aforesaid, in such manner as the House thall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall apt-pear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Carysfort, Sir John , Mr: Fairfax, Mr. Gore, Lord Mr. Vernon, General Cornwallis, Mr. Kynaston, L'ool Eufton, Mr

Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Charles T Mr. Smith, Mr.

OfbaldeJ'ton, Lord Thomond, Mr. Plumer, Sir John Turner,

Mr. Olmius, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lord George

Sackville, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Rose Mr. Jones,

Lord Strange, Mr . Fazakerley, Mr. Godo/phin, Mr. Onslow,

Sir Francis Dafhivood, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

inge, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Spencer, Lord Henry Bean-clerk, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Sir Thomas

Mojlyn, Mr. Nugent, Sir Robert Lad broke, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Hewitt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Co/ebrooke, Mr. Kent, Mr. Sandys, Sir Matthew Lambe,- Mr. Charles Gore, Lord Middleton, Mr. Thomas , Mr. Vyner, Mr. Henry Vernon, Lord GuernMr. Wynne, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Bayntun, Sir William Codringion, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. , Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Montagu, Sir Lionel Mr. Hobart, Sir Nicholas Bai/y, Mr and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Northampton, Bedford, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the most noble Charles Duke of Grafton, and of the tight honourable Fitzroy Esquire,

commonly called Earl of Euft was presented to the House, and read; reciting, That King Charles the Second, by Letters Patent dated the 22d Day of October, in the a6th Year of his Reign, granted a yearly Pension of ft.. 3000, to each of his Three Sons, Charles Earl of Southampton, Henry Earl of Eujion, and George then Earl of Northumberland, and their respective Heirs Male; by which Letters Patent, upon the Death and Failure of Issue Male of any of the said Sons, his yearly Pension was limited over in Moieties to the Two remaining Sons, and their Heirs Male respectively; and, upon the Death and Failure of Issue Male of either of the said remaining Sons, the said Three several Pensions were to devolve upon the remaining Son, and his Heirs Male: And also reciting, that, by virtue of the Lid Letters Patent, the Petitioner the Duke of Grafton is become poffdled of One of the 17

said Three yearly Pensions ft 3,000, and also a Moiety of one other of the said Three Pensions: And alleging, that the Petitioner the Earl of Eujion is Grandson and Heir apparent to the PetitionerThe Duke of And also alleging, that on or about the 29th Day or January 1756 the Petitioner the Ear! of who was

then under the Age of Twenty-one Years, did intermarry with the honourable Ann LyDaughter and only Child of the right honourable Henry Lord Ravetsworth; and in regard the said Letters Patent did not impower the Petitioner the Duke of Grafton to do any Act for let-tling any Part of the said yearly Pension on the said Ann Liddell, for or in nature of a Jointure, on such her Intermarriage, the Petitioners, previous to the said Intermarriage, by an Indenture dated January 27, 1756, did, in Consideration of the Sum of ft.40,000, therein mentioned to be secured to be paid as the Marriage Portion of the said Ann Liddell, covenant and agree with the said Lord Ravensworth to ule their best Endeavours to obtain

an Act for the limiting, settling, and nffuring, to and for the Benefit of the said Ann Liddell, or for the impowering the Petitioner the Duke of Guyton to limit and appoint to and for her Benefit, in Parr of her Jointure, 'he yearly Sum of^. 1,50c, being One Third Part of the said several yearly Pensions of ft. 3,cco, and ft. 1,500, and that the Petitioner the Earl of Eujion attained his Age of 21 Years, on the $th Day of October lad: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for settling the yearly Sum of/. 1,500, being One Third of the said yearly Pensions of ft. 3,000, and 1,500, where-

of the Petitioner the said Charles Duke of Grafton is now foiled, Or in the actual Receipt of, upon the said Amt Countess of Eufton, in Part of the Jointure agreed to be secured to her upon her Intermarriage with the Petitioner the said Augujhts Earl of Eujion.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been acquainted with the Contents of the said Petition, had commanded him to acquaint the House, That his Majesty gives his Content to the bringing in such a Bill as is deft red by the Petitioners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Dupplin, Major General Cornwallis, the Lord Henry Beauclerk, and Mr. Reynolds, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A<5b for the specdv and effectual recruiting his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Malt Distillers in and about the Cities of London and IFeJhnirJlrr, and Parts adjacent, whole Names arc thereunto fuldenbed, in behalf of themselves, and all other the Malt Distilleis of this Kingdom. was presented to the House, and read *, taking notice, That a Bill is brought in to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Gram: And alleging, that the Petitioners are well allured tins House will not prejudice in their Proper*y a Set of People who carry on lo considerable a Branch ot Trade, and who have laid out their Fortunes under t lie Sanction and Protection of the Laws of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Connie’, against such Part of the said Bill as most materially affects them, before it pa fie s into a Law, or to grant them such IvelieTas the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bii! is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition

Recruiting the Land Forets.

DlHilhtbn

from Corn.

Lofely

ludofrr-

John Ton's

Relief from a Bond,

10° Febru.

695

%o Geo. II.

A Petition of Sir Flore Molyneux Knight, Lord of the Mau^r ot Lof h\ in the County of Surrey, and of Thomas Whith turn, and Mary Clifton, on behalf of themselves, and other>, whole Nanus arc thereunto (ublcribed, being infilled to a Light of Common within Lofely aforesaid, was prei'euted to the House, and read; letting forth. That there is a large Trad of common, marsh, or waste Land, called Vcajc Alar fit, a great Part of which lie t h within the aforesaid Manor of Lofely^ and in the Parish of St. Nicholas, Guildford; and chat such Part of the said common, marsh, or watle Land, as is within the Manor and Parish aforesaid, and lieth on the North Side of a Brook there called Crooked Brook, belongeth to the Petitioners, and was formerly called Lofely Bushes, and now lies uncultivated, and in its present Situation is incapable of Improvement, and of but little or no Use to the Petitioners; but, if the same was inclosed, and divided into Severalty, would be of great Advantage to that Part of the Country in general, and to the Petitioners in particular, as the same is convertible into good Plowing and Meadow Land: But as the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charlton and Mr. George Onslow do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Claud Johnson, of London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner, on the 28th Day of September 1751, at the Request of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, of London, Merchants, became bound, together with them, to his Majesty, in a Bond, conditioned for the Payment of £.5,607* 125. 9hi. on or before the 28th Day of March 1753, for Duties on Tobacco; and that the said Buchanan and Hamilton, on the 6th Day of February 1752, assigned to the Petitioner 2CO Hogsheads of Tobacco, to indemnify him against the said Bond; and soon after they conveyed away joy Jloglheatls thereof, without the Privity or Consent of the Petitioner; and that, as a further Indemnity to the Petitioner, they did, on the 2.3d Day of April i 752,a'Tign to the Petitioner 42 other lJoglhcads ot Tobacco; and that, on the 27ih Day of the same Month, an Extent' iti’ued, at the Suit of the Crown, against the said Buchanan and Hamilton, and their Etfcfts, for Duties on Tobacco imported by them* and, on an Inquisition, it was found, that they were, at the time of taking such Inquisition, poftcUbd of the said 135 Tloglheads of Tobacco, which were accordingly seized; and that, immediately after the issuing of the said Extent, the said Buchanan and Hamilton became Bankrupts, and the Petitioner entered his Ciaim to the said Tobacco, in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer; and, in Michaelmas Term 17 52, a Verdict was found in the said Court for his Majesty as to the said 93 Hogsheads, and for the Petitioner as to the la d 42 Hogshcatls; so that the Petitioner had not any Benefit from the said 2c o Hogsheads so assigned over a; a Security t > him with respect to the said Bond; and that the Commissioners of the Customs, in Consideration of the Payment of a certain Sum, agreed to allow to the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy all the Effects which were ill zed upon the said Extent; but the Bond, in which the Petitioner flood jointly bound,’was not included in the said Agreement, as such Bond was not then due: That the Petitioner has paid £.3,1 73, towards the Discharge of the Sum mentioned in the Bond; and that if the said Buchanan and Hamilton had continued in Credi1, no ParL of the said Sum would have been paid, but the Bond cleared off by De benlures upon the Exportation of their Tobacco; and that, in Conilderation of the Hardships attending the Petitioner’s Cafe, the Com mi hi oners of the Treasury have directed all Proceedings on the said Bond to be (lopped for a time, but are unable to give the Petitioner any further Relief without the Assistance of Parliament: And

VOL. 27.

therefore, in regard the Petitioner was deprived of his Security and Indemnification by means of the said Extent, and the Revenue thereby gained; and the Petir tioner loft more than would have been fu indent to discharge the Sum now remaining due on the said Bond} and as the Revenue would not have received any Part of the Money conditioned in such Bond to he paid, if the said Extent and Commission of Bankruptcy had not been issued; praying the House to take those Matters into their Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as the particular Circumstances of his same shall appear to deserve.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty*

Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered \That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir William , Mr. Of*

wald, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Nugent, the Lord Mayor df London, Mr. Beckford, Sir John Bernard, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord , Mr. Rey-

nolds, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr Bacon, Mr.

John Calvert, Mr. Charles Cownshend, Mr. Samuel Marlin, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr.

Hunter, Mr. More, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. Hiijfey, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Charlton, Sir John Glym, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Colonel

Haldane, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Fairfax,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Walpole, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Plotter,

Mr. Morton, Mr. Bu/ler, Mr. Foley, Lord Shelburne,

Mr. Northey, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Cor del Fire- , brace, Mr. Ridley, Mr. IVigley, Mr. Mr. Nugent junior, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Lafcclles, Mr. A fleck. Lord

Penny, Mr. Elliot, Xlr. Dig by, Mr. Mr.

cott, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bratjey, Mr. Chveu/ry, Mr. Bru-denell, Mr 0hunts, Mr. Shirley', and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Corihatn, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Glergy, and Freeholders, &c. living in and near the Road leading from a certain Place tailed the Cross Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Pa-rifli of Corsham in the County of Wilts, to Bath Eaflon Bridge, in the County of Somerset, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. James Rice produced to your Committee a Plan of the Road from the Cross Keys, in the Part(h of Corfbaut, to Bath Eaflon Bridge, which he took himself, and which he fays is a common high Road, except about a Mile and a Half, which must be cut through Fields,

Mr. Edward Lee, being examined, said. That the Road described in the Plan wilt be the neared and cafieft for Travellers, as it will avoid feverd Hills which are upon the other lioads.

Mr. James Rice, being again called, said, He had taken a Survey of the Hills upon the other Hoads, together with the Elevations thereof; and which Hills will be avoided by going along the intended Hoad, and the said Road will alto be the ueareft by almost Two Miles.

Mr. William Pimiger, being examined, said, That the Road from Marlborough to Bath, through Chippenham, is at present 32 Miles; and that the Hoad from Marlborough to Bath, through Chippenham, by the said Keys and Bath Eaflon Bridge, lie takes to be 29 Miles;

and

Hertford

Road*

Piddington

Inclosure.

Morton

Inclot'ure*

696 10 0 Februarii. 1757.

and that the said Road from the said Crops Keys to Bath common Fields, and commonable Lands, in the Parish or E ifion Bridge is at present very ruinous and bad, and al- Township of otherwise Morton Morrill, in the

mod inrpallable, and in many Places very narrow, and County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and cannot be repaired without the Aid of Parliament: Then, read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Henry Wife Mr. Edward Lee, being again called, said, That he Esquire, are Lords of the Manor of Morton, otherwise knows the Statute-work has been performed on some Part Morton; and the Petitioner is Patron of the

of the said Road. Church or Chapel there, and also Impropriator of all and

And being asked, Whether this Road can be repaired, singular the Tythes arising within the said common Fields if this Act should pass ? he said. He thought it might and commonable Lands, paying a certain yearly Stipend with great Ease, as Materials for that Purpose are all to the Curate of the said Church or Chapel for the Time upon the Spot; and that although some Part of the being; and that the several Lands and Grounds of the Lanes are narrow, some of the Proprietors of Lands Petitioner, and of the several other Proprietors, lie inwill give the Grounds to widen ’em, and others consent termixed and dispersed in small Parcels over the said com-to fell: That the Lands are both arable and meadow; mon Fields; and great Part thereof are boggy, and af-and that the whole Expence of Purchasing Grounds for ford but little Advantage,-and, in their present Situation, widening and turning the Road intended to be repaired, are incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioner, will be about 2 or £.300. and the said several other Proprietors, are desirous that

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the said common Fields and common Grounds may be amend!; g, widening, and keeping in Repair, the l!bad inclosed, and that specific Shares thereof may be assigned leading from a Place called the Cross Keys, otherwise to the several Proprietors thereof respectively in Seve:.iky;

Brickers Bam, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County but although such Division, Allotment, and Ineloiure, of Wilts, to Bath Eafion Bridge, in the County of Somer- will tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Parties

ft: And that Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Nor they, concerned, yet as the same cannot be effectual !y made and the Lord Dupplin, do prepare, and bring in, the and established without the Aid of Parliament; there-fame. fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

for the Purposes aforesaid.

Mr. Braffey reported from the Committee, to whom the Or, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Free- suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And :hat the holders and Inhabitants, of the County of Hertford, whose Lord Guernsey and Mr. do prepare, and bring in.

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the the feme.

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition;

and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared A Petition of the right honourable Thomas Lord Bruce MiWenhaH to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Brudenell, Lord of the Manor of in the Indofiue.

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Ta- County of and several other Persons, Owners and ble: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth» Proprietors of Lands lying in the open and common viz. Fields within tlTe said Manor, was presented to the

To prove the Allegations of the said.Petition, House, and read; setting forth. That the Lands belong-

Mr. Henry Smith, Mr. Henry Stout, and Mr. Richard ing to the Petitioners; lying within the said open and Studley, being severally examined, said. That the high common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Road from the East End of the Town of Hertford, Parcels; and that the dividing and inclosing the same through Watton, to a Place called Broadwater, in the will tend to the public Good, and be of great Advantage Parish of Knebworth, in the County of Hertford-, and to the Proprietors thereof; but that the same cannot be the Road from the Town of Ware, through Watton effectually established without the Assistance of Parlia-aforesaid, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in ment: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given the said County; are in a very ruinous Condition, narrow to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said com-in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and that mon Fields, in such manner as to the House shall seem the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by meet.

the Laws in being. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

Mr. James Fordham confirmed the above Evidence; suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the and laid, That upwards of £. 200 had been raised by vo- Lord Sir Armitage, Mr. Digby, and Sir

luntary Contributions, which has been laid out on Part Robert Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, of the Road leading from Ware to Walkern; but that

the feme still continues in ruinous Condition. A Petition of Sir of in the Swifall

Mr. Henry Smith added to his Evidence, That many County of York, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Stren- Iwbfore, Parts of the said Roads are so bad, he has frequently seen fall, in the North Riding of the said County, and of the Waggons flick for several Hours. other Persons interested in the Parcel of common Ground

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for in Strenfall aforesaid, thereafter-mentioned, and in the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads Tythes and ecclesiastical Dues clue and payable in respect from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting County of Hertford, through Watton, to Broad Water-, forth, That there is within aforesaid a Parcel of

and from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the common Ground on the Well Side of the River Fifs,

North End of the Town of Walkern. in the said County: and is now ul'ed as Part of the common Ground of Stren-And that Mr. Bras'ey, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Ptumer, fall aforesaid, containing about Six hundred Seventy-five and Mr. Charles Townshend, do prepare, and bring in, the Acres -, but is not lb beneficial, or cannct be improved as feme. it would be, ifincloied and divided; And therefore pray-

ing.That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to con-The Lord Parker presented to the House, according finnand establilban Agreement for dividing and inclosing to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the common all the same Parcel ot common Ground, and ascertaining Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, common the Shares thereof which the Owners are respectively to Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Township have, and for other Purposes therein to be expressed. of Piddmgton, in the County of Oxford:And the same Ordered, That Leave be given to hring in a Bill, pur-

was received; and read the F:rft time. suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time. John Armitage and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the feme.

A Petition of the honourable Henry Grenville Esquire, on behalf of l.imielf, and the rest of the Owners and Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his v^bul"og Proprietors of Lands and Grounds lying in the open and Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- American

regions, *orcf*

Straggle-

thorpe

ladolure.

Supply.

Privilege.

Ditto.

3o Geo. IL i ob Februarii.

regions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters from the several Commanders of his Majesty *s Forces in North America, or the Governor of Nezv York, so far as they relate to the supplying such Forces with Provisions; together with Copies of all Papers transmitted by them, relative thereto.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Bill for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing the common Fields and Grounds in the Manor of Slraggtethorpe, within the Pari (li ot Be eking ham, in the County of Lincoln; and for making a Compensation to the Hector of the said Parish for the Glebe Lands and Tythes in Straggle! horpe aforesaid; was read a Second t ime.

RejblveJ, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cv.Ji, Mr. Kyua/iou, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Gxbbon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. More, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Thufjly, Mr. Charlton, Sir IViliuim Calvert, Mr. Fel!owes. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Scuidxs, Lord S'range* Mr. Wlvchcot, Sir Cor del Fir chrome, Mr Bond, Mr. Per non, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lxfter, Mr. Merton, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Fairfax, Sir Willoughby A [ton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hides, Mr. MaJJey, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cere, lxud Very.ey, Mr. Tczvu/lcud, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Cejhy, Mr, Shelley, ?dr. Lowndes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Leicester, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whGe 1 Joule, to whom it wiM'Cerrd to coijlider further of the Supply granted to ins Majesty, th.e Refolmions which the Committee i.:vi d.ucRd him to report to the House; which he read m his iha^e, and afterwards delivered in at the Cieik’s Table: Where the famewere read; and are as foiioweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thoulanb Pounds, he granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for Out Peiilloners of Chetfea Hospital, for the Year 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-fx thousand and Twenty-two Pounds Five Shillings, he granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Highland Battalions of Foot, to he raked for his Majesty’s Service, for the Year

'757*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingThree thousand Five hundred and Fifty-leven Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Accounr, for defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of his Majesty’s Colony ot Georgia, and other incidental Expences attending the fame, from the 24th Day of June 1756, to the Day of June

17 5 7

The said Ilesolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Join Niton, was presented to the House, mu read, fating forth, That the Petitioner is now a Pri-joncrin Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this 1 Joule, for a Breach of the Privilege of this House, can-muttd against Sir: Nicholas Bally, a Member thereof; and 1 xprtfiir g the Petitioner's unfeigned Sorrow for the lame; and alleging, that the Petitioner’s Confinement will be of theufmost Detriment to him: And therefore praying the House to take ti e Premises imo Confkieration, and to order him 10 be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That die find John Milton be this Day brought to the Bar of this House, in order to his being <ii (charged.

A Petition of Thomas Gooch was presented to the VoL, 27.

House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is now a Prisoner in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, fora Breach of the Privilege of this House, committed against Sir Nicholas Bails, a Member thereof; and expressing the Petitioner’s unfeigned Sorrow for the fame; and alleging, that the Petitioner’s Confinement will be of the utmost Detriment to him r And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to order him to be discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Gooch be this Day brought to the Bar of this House, in order to his being discharged.

A Petition of the honourable Adventurers of Deeping Fens, andoffeveral Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, living near, and frequently travelling through, the Roads leading from Spa!dig High Bridge through Littleworih, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxcy Out-gang, in the County of Northampton adjoining the high Road there, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the find Roads arc, by reason of many heavy Carriages cenfoufoy passing through the lame, become lb very ruinous that Pa Hangers cannot, in the Winter Season, pais and repass the same without imminent Danger; and that the said Roads are in fevcial Places too narrow, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Ccurleof Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the Mould foal I idem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-liberation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it foal! appear to them, to the Ifouie:

And it is referred to Mr. Whichcot, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Pxner, Mr. OJbaldeJion, Mr. More, Mr. Gybbon. Sir John Cu/f, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Charlton,' Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Mr, Rose Fuller, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bond, Mr. Cholmlex, Mr. Fazakrr/ey, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Norther, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Nugent, Sir 'Waiter Blackett, Mr. Bedford, Mr. Vcriion, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. H'Hknjon, Mr. Howard, Lord Lift on, Mr. lived Inge, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gaffney, Mr. Sxmonds, Mr. Trift, Lord Fenny, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Pa up kan, Mr. Am cot is, and all the Mcmbeis who serve lor the Counties of Lincoln, Northampton, Nottingham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend lor Redons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, upon the Bll for the more effectual Pumfoment of Cheats, and for the further preventing the Embezzlement oi Goods and Apparel hv those who are intrulced with them; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refoive irself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itldf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Rlenday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bdl.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Making of low Wines and Spirits, front Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain;

8 P Ordered,

Spalding Hifjh Bridge TioaJd

Panin, ment of Cheats.

P toulnt*ir.g 1 he Marin# Foicct.

Distillat/cn from Corn.

Privilege.

Ditto.

Dapdon

Wharf

Road.

698 10° — 12° Februariu 1757*

Ordered, That all Petitions relating to the Distilling of spirituous Liquors, which have been presented to the House, in this Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nugent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nugent reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel in Support of the Petition of the Malt Distillers in and about the Cities of London and Westmin-sler and Parts adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and all other the Malt Distillers of this Kingdom ;and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House vvillpleale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

John Mitten and Thomas Gooch, were, according to Or* der, brought to the Bar; where they, upon their.Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and were ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying their Feas.

A Motion being madeThat Sir Nicholas Baily Baronet, a Member of this House, at his own Desire, have Leave to wave his Privilege in any Action or Suit at Law, which Thomas Gooch has already commenced, or may bring, against the said Sir Nicholas Baily;

The House was moved, That the Journal of the House of the Ninth Day of April 1697, relating to a like Leave given to a Member of the House, might be read.

And the same was mad accordingly.

Ordered, Tint Sir Nicholas Baily Baronet, a Member of this House, at his own Desire, have Leave to wave Lis Privilege in any Action or Suit at Law, which Thomas Gooch has already commenced, or may bring, against him.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 120 die Februarii

Anno 30° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Noblemen and Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons, whose Names are thereurtosubscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, living near to, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the North End of the Timber Wharf called Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, through the said Town of Guldeford, and the Towns of S half or d, and Bramley, to Alford Barrs, in that Part of the Parish of Alford which lies in the said County of Surrey, and adjoins to the County of Sussex, and from thence through Loxwood New Pound Common, in the Parish of Wiflmrough Green, in the said County of Sussex, over Newbridge, through Hadsfoldjhern, Pulbo-rough, Harclham, Coldwaltham, and Bury, to Saint Mary's Gate in Arundel/, in the said County of Svflex, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Roads are become very ruinous, and, in the Winter Season, are so very bad, that Carriages cannot pass thereon, and, in many Places, are so narrow, that Carriages cannot pass each other without great Danger; and alleging, that the said Roads cannot by the ordinary Courleof Law be effectually amended and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Pet ition be referred to the Con-fuler uion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Budgen, Sir John Croft, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Morton, General Cornwallis, Mr. Smith, General Onslow, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Rujhoul, Mr. Butter, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Aiflabie, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Wllkinson, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Glynn, Mr. More, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Hill, Lord Guernsey, Mr. O/mius, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Cart-wright, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. Pruivfe, Mr. Boone, Mr. Bowes, Admiial Bofcawen, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Norton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Digby,' Mr. Palmer, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Symond:, Mr. Moore, Mr. Fontreau, Sir John Cvfl, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Selwyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Suf-sex, and Kent, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, anu Records.

The House being informed, That the Sheriff of the City of London attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; alleging, That the Office of Bailiff and Confer vat or of the River Thames, and Waters oi Medway, hath been, Time out of mind, vested in the Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the said City, to be exercised by the Mayor, or his sufficient Deputies; and reciting the Providers cl an Act, passed in the 9th Year of Queen Anne, for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen, of the said River; and alleging, that the said Company have ceased to act ever since the Year 1727; and that the Body of Fishermen are now under no Government or Regulation; in consequence whereof frequent Abuses are committed, to the Prejudice of the Fishery within the said River: which Abuses cannot be prevented or red refled without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the Fry and Spawn of Fish in the said River of Thames, and Waters of Medway, and for the better regulating the Fishery thereof, and more speedy punishing of Offenders, in such manner* as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mayor of London, Sir William Calvert, Mr. More, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Alderman BetheU, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Boz ves. Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Whichcot, General Onslow, Mr. O/mius, Mr. Butler, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Wiikinson, Mr. Bathurst, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Tovmfhcnd, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Cordel Fire brace, Mr. Proztfe, Sir Samuel Flttdyer, Mr. Gybbon, General Cornwallis, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Flamer, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Onslow, Sir Matthew Lam be, Mr. Nor they, Lord Verney, Mr. Ilayes, Sir. John Croft, Mr. Cocks, Sir James Creed, Mr. Morton, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Profiler, Mr. Hill, Mr. Clathry, Mr. Bayntun; and ail

the

Thamw

i’’.11. cry

30 Geo. II. 12

Brandon

Drainage.

Evefiiam

Roads.

the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, Kent, Surrey, Berks, Bucks, Oxford, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in that Part of the 'Great Level of the Fens, called the South Level, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lands bounded from the North Bank of Brandon River, about Two Furlongs below Redmore House, along the Twelve Foot Drain to Stake Load\ and along the said Load to a Dyke called MctCs Dyke, at the Corner of Fellwell Common, and then by the said Dyke to Sam's Cut Drain, and along the South Side of the said Drain to the East Bank of the River Ouze, and then along such Banks to Brandon Creek's End, and from thence along the North Bank of Brandon River to the said Twelve Foot Drain, being the Lands of the Petitioners, and divers other Proprietors, and lying within the said South Lroel, are subject to be overflowed; but are capable of being drained, and greatly improved; but as the necessary Works for draining and preserving the fame, cannot be made and supperted without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying, That Provision may be made for draining and preserving the said Lands, in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Pet ition be referred to the Consideration ef a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Pel-loives, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Vxner, Sir John Cust, Mr. Martin, General Cornwallis, Mr. Onslow, Lord George Manners, Mr. Ridley, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. More, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Vyner. Mr. 01 mins, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Cartwright, Admiial Gtiffin, Mr. Witkinson, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Med/xcott, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Alexander, Lord Mai pas, Mr. Prowse, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Nicho/fon Calvert, Mr. Bond, Mr. Shelley, Sir John RufJ:cut, Mr. Moore, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pelham, Mr. West, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Symonds, Lord Ventry, Mr. Barroiv, Mx.Lowndes, Mr. Lewis, Sir James Creed, Mr. Newnham, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Hun tingdon, Nsrfolk, Suffolk, Lincoln, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees, for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evejhcm, in the County of Worafter; and the other in the Seventeenth Ye ar oi his said present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Terms and Powers granted by rn Ad, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and for making the lime more effectual; and also of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the several Parishes, Towns, and Places, of Evesham, Bengeworth, Wickham-ford, Bretferton, Willerfey, Chipping Campden, Bourton on the Hill, Moreton in Marsh, Fladbury, Norton, Har~ vington, Salford, Inkbarrow, Fekenham, Per/hore, Ber-ling ham, Defford, Earl's Cromb f and Upton upon Severn,

Vol, 27.

and others who frequently travel between Worcester and London, whole Names are also thereunto subscribed; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trustees, respectively appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, have borrowed divers very considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof; which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied according to the Direction thereby given; and great ProgreIs hath been made in the Reparation of the several Roads respectively directed by the said Acts to be repaired 3 and particularly that from Bengeworth across the Vale, through Broadway to the lop ot Broadway Hill, which hath been attended with a prodigious Expence; but that some Parts of the said Roads are still bad, especially in the Winter and rainy Seasons; so that the same must become ruinous again, and cannot, from time to time, be effectually supported and kept in Repair, and the Money now due on the Credit thereof be repaid; nor will any one be willing to advance any further Sum upon the Security of the said Roads, unless the Tolls and Duties granted by the said Acts be augmented, and the Terms and Powers therein contained are further continued and enlarged, and the said Acts made more effectual; and further letting forth, that tiic Road leading from the Elm in Bengeworth Field, commonly called Bengeworth Elm, to the lower End of Wickham ford, and from thence through Cornier cup Lane, by Con tier cup House, through Willerfey Field, to IVII-lerfev, and from thence up Willerfey Hi/!, to a House called Gun's House and from thence over Saint Bury, West on, and Campden Hills, through a Lane called Dyer's Lane, to Chipping Campden, in the County of G/onceJhr; and a!(> from Guns House aforesaid, to a Piece of Land called No Man s Ground, near Broadway Hill; and also the Road from the Top of Broadway Hid, in the County of Worcester, through Upton Wold La te, to the Top of Bourton Hill, in the County of Glourefter; and also the Road from Norton, in the said County of Worcester, through Norton aforesaid, and through Norton and Har» vington Fields to the Nezv Inn in the Parish of Salford, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Ruft/ford, and across DunningtonHeath to Wethly Lane, and through the said Lane, along the Ridgeway, to a House (landing in the said Ridgeway, called the New Inn, and from thence to Crabb's Cross, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick', and also the Road from the Mill Tail in Per-shore to a House called the Red Wall, at the Bottom of the Broad Street in Per shore, and from thence through Bin-holme Lane and Spring Lane, along the Road leading to the Top of Tidfey Hill, in the Parish of Saint Andreev in Per/hore, and from thence through Birth:?hc.;:i Field to D fford Bridge, in the Parish of Birlingham and Irom Defford Bridge through the Bridge Lane, to D ford, and irom thence through Grafton Lame, across the Inning Field, to Woodencot Lane leading to Defford Common, and across Defford Common, in the Parish of Defford, to Barton Lane, in the Parishes of Earle's Cromb and Hill Cromb, or one of them, through Barton, and from thence across Smitkmorc Common, in the Parish of Hill Cromb, through a Lane leading to the Pound in Earle's Cromb, and through a Lane leading to the Blue Bell in the Parish of Earle's Cromb aforesaid, to the said Turnpike Road leading from Worcester to Upton upon Severn, in the County of Worcester; are become, in many Places, lb ruinous, that, for the greatest Part of the Year, the same are aim oft. impassable for Wheel Carriages, and in some Places extremely narrow, and also very dangerous for Travellers, and Horses laden, and, in general, in so bad a State, that the same cannot be effectually repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That I^eave may be given to bring in a Bill for augmenting the said 'Tolls, and for continuing and enlarging rl.e Terms and Powers granted by the said former Acts, and for making the same more effectual; and also for repairing, amending, and widening, the said Roads, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shallfcem meet.

Ordered\

7 00 12° Februarii. A. 1757.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir General Corn-

wallis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyficr, the Marquis ot Granby, Mr. WhicJicot, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Ridley, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Mr Wilknfon, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Grove, Mr. More, Mr. Griffin, Mr. Muir, Mr. Sir IVm. Beauchamp Proitor, Mr. Martin, Mr. Moore, Mr. Mr.

Pturner, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Boone, Mr. FclVwes, Mr.' Medlycott, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Waller, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Vernon, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. Alderman Bethel, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Hill, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Mr.

Gore, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Mr. Mr. Pop-

ham; and all the Members who serve fur the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Warwick, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per*-fons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other "xu’ Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, living near to, and usually travelling through, the Road leading trom the Town of Godalming through the Towns of and

fold, in the County of Surrey, over Cripple Crouch through Fiffier's Street, North Chappie, and the Town of Pelworth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, in the Pardh of Duncktott, in the County of and from the said Town of Pelworth, by Byworth, over Egdeane Common, through the Town of Fit do worth, to Bridge, in the Parish of Stopham, in the said County of Sussex, was prdented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the said Roads are become very ruinous in every Part, and greatly out of Repair, and, in the Winter Sealon, are io very bad that Carriages cannot pass thereon; and, in many Places, are so narrow that Carriages cannot pass cadi other without great Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be etledually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the said Roads, in such manner as to the House shall lean meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Butler, General Onslow, Sir John Croffie, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Shelley, Mr. Cccke, Sir Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Boone, General Cornwallis, Mr. Bankes, the Marquis ot Granby, Mr. Bond, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Planter, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Olmius, Admiral Mr

bon, Mr. Norton, Mr. Sir John Mr.

Ridley, Lord Middleton, Mr. Sir Thomas

tyn, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Peachey, Mr. Moore, Mr. Ondozv, Sir John Cttft, Mr. Lifer, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Willes, Lord Mr. Whitworth, Sir Matthew Feat he rfl or, ha ugh, Mr. Pinny, r. Recorder of London, Mr. Butler, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lade, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Popham, Mr.

Hardingc, Mr. Fairfax, Sir John Wynne, Mr. ton, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Newnham, Mr. , Mr.

John Calvert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffix, Kent, and Surrey, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chambci: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

wiS;rId A p°tition of rh°,nas A!!f°ppand Gentle-

in. 0 urc, nion? Lords of the Manor of IVimefwould, in the County of Leiccjlcvy the right wovfhipful Robert Smith Do&orin Divinity, Matter of the College of the Holy and Undivided

Trinity, within the Town and University of Cambridge, of King Henry the Eighth’s Foundation, and the Fellows and Scholars of the same College, Charles James Pack Esquire, Joseph HickfoSufa:inah Hickfon, Anne Tomp~ fou> William Burrows, John Burrows, and others, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the 1 Ionic, and read; letting forth, That, within the said Manor or Lordship, there are icveral large open Commons or Wastes, called, the Hilts, the Hennings, the Greens, the Old Gate Pitikesy Sick Gorje, and Stocking Gorse; and also several Common, Arable, or Tillage Fields, Meadow or Failure Lands, and Waste Grounds, situated within the said Manor or Lordship, commonly called or known by the Names of the West Field, Thorpe Field\ Hard Acre Arrow Field, Burton Field, and the tVoulds; which belong to the Petitioners, and other Owners and Proprietors, in several undivided Shares and Proportions: That, at certain Times in the Year, the frd Fields and Grounds are not only held and enjoyed by the Petitioners, and other Owners and Proprietors thereof, undivided and in Common, as aforesaitl; but a!so several other Persons, being Owners or Occupiers of Messuager* Lands, and Tenements, in IVimefwould aforesaid, within the said Manor and Pari lb, have, in respect of their respective Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, claimed and enjoyed, for Time immemorial, an exclusive Right to departure their commonable Cattle thereon, at certain Times (Y the Year, by accustomed Stints; and that the said Thomas Al/fopp a»d John Davys are Lords of the said Ma nor; that the said Matter, Follows, and Scholars, for the Time being, arc Patrons of the Redlory Lands and Parish Church of IVimefivould aforesaid; and, as such, are entitled to several Glebe Lands, and to all the rectorial or great Tythes within the said Parish; and the reverend Thomas Green is Vicar of the said Parish Church, and, as such, is entitled to a certain Part of the Glebe Lands, and to all the (mail Tythes and Surplice Fees within the said Parish; and alleging, that the Petitioners are delirous that the said icveral Fields, Commons, or watte Grounds, may he inclosed; and that a specific Part thereof may be allotted to each Proprietor; and that every Eighth Acre thereof may be let apart for the said Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, for the Time being, and their Successors, Patrons of the said Rectory and Parish Church, in lieu of such great or re&oml Tythes; and that all other Tythes to the said lledory belonging, except such great or redo-rial Tythes as are of Right due and payable to the Proprietors of the said lledory, for or in respect of a certain Close of Ground within the said Parish, called the Great Lilly Croft, otherwise Upper Lilly Croft, now in the Tenure or Occupation of Henry Tates and John Pollard, and may be appropriated to the said lledory forever; and that a certain Parcel of Land, of equal Value with the vicarial or small Tythes, arising from the said Premises to the Vicar of the said Parish Church, may be set apart for such Vicar, in lieu of such vicarial or small Tythes, and all other small Dues belonging to the Vicar of the said Pari (It Church, Surplice Fees, and the vicarial or small Tythes, due, and of Right payable', to the Vicarof the said Vicarage for the Time being, for or in respect of the said Close of Ground called the Great L-'!ly Croft, otherwise the Up* per Lilly Croft, only excepted; and may be appropriated to the said Vicarage for ever; and that although such Inclosure and Civilian will be a manifelr Advantage to the Persons interested in the Premises, yet the same cannot be established or rendered ettcdual without the Aid Parliament: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be at Liberty to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: and that Mr* Edward Smith, Mr. Cartivright, and Sir Thomas Palmer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Account of Receipts and Disbursements by the Society of the Free British Fishery, from F,ftcrF 31st December 1755, to 31st December 17 56, be referred

to

Bamburgh

inclosure.

Woodstock

Hoads.

30 Geo. II. 120 Februarii. 701

to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fisheryis referred; and who were also

instructed to inquire into, and report to the House, the State of the Free British Fishery in general.

A Petition of the right honourable Henry Earl of Lincoln, and of several other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of, and having Right of Common in, the common Fields, common Grounds, and common Meadows, in the Manor and Parish of Bamburgh, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the said Earl is Lord of the said Manor, and Impropriator of the great and small Tythes within the said Parish, and also principal Owner of the Lands therein; and that the said common Fields, common Grounds, and common Meadows, contain 2,048 Acres, or thereabouts; and alleging, that if the same were divided and inclosed, and proportionable Allotments made to the several Proprietors and Persons interfiled therein, the same would tend to their mutual Advantage; but that the same ‘.cannot be effected without the A fli fiance of Parliament:' And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the laid common Helds, common Grounds, and common Meadows, in tueh Manner, and underTuch Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Piayer of the li»d Petition: And that Mr. WhichcGt, Sir William Calvert, and Mr. WilkinJ'cn, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, pafTe<l in the Four-ami twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 3d Yftar of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading Irom Woodstock, through Kiddingtoti and Enfione, to Ro!'right Lane, and trom Enflow Bridge to Kiddingtoti aforesaid, in the County of Oxford; and for making the said Act more effectual; and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, and other Persons, living in, near, and usually travelling through, the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by the said Act, of the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, the dolls, made payable by the Act of the Third of his present Ma-jetty’s Reign, were lessened One-third, a greater Portion of Road directed to be repaired than wasomiprifed in the First Act; and the Petitioners the Trustees were retrained from burrowing more than £. 500 upon the Credit of the said Tolls; and that the Petitioners the Trustees, since the Commencement of an Act, made in the 28th YT*ar of his present Majesty’s Reign, to amend an Act made in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Male fly, for the Amendment and Prftcrvation of the public Highways and turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, and for the more effectual Execution of the Laws relating thereto; find that many Broad Wheel Carriages, carrying great Weights, pals through the said Roads; and that the Tolls to be collected by the said Act, of the 24th Yftar of his present Majesty’s Reign, are in no-wife sufficient to keep the said Roads in Repair; and that the same are now very ruinous, and mutt become worse; and that the Petitioners the Trustees finding that the Sum of/\ 500 will be greatly short of putting the said Roads in such Repair as by the said Act of the 28th of his present Majesty, is directed, have forbore to execute their Power of borrowing that, or any ot tier Sum, upon the Credit of the said Tolls: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Act of the 3d and 24th of hi> present Majesty’s Reign, and for fub-liituting, in their room, an Act for repairing and amending the several Roads leading from the East End of the Borough of New fVooooflock towards the City of Oxford, weilward through the said Borough down the hollow

Vol. 27.

Way, and from the Top of a Hill called llcggrcve H/lf within the said Borough, through Of $ Woodstock and Kid-dington and Enstone to Rollrigkt Lane, and f rom Enjhw Bridge to Kidding!on aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, under such Clauses and Restrictions as may be for the Benefit of such Service.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cm-sideration of a Committee: And tint they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Rowney, Mr. Cooke, Sir Jehn Cust, Mr. O/mins, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Vdhichcoi, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Mcftyn, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. IValive, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Barrow, the Lord Mayor 01 London, Mr. FeHelves, Mr. Plainer, Mr. Hill, Mr. liner, Mr. Palmer, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Ridley. Mr. Bowes, Mr. Alexander, Mr. More, Mr. IVilhinfm, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bathnr/l, Mr. Mcd/ycott. Mr. Hnrd^ge, Sir John Crfte, Mr. Moore, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Bro'oyn, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Morton, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Whittington, Lord Cary?fort, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. I'rice, Mr. Sy-monds, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Trift, Mr. Bond, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Newnliam, Mr. Gore, Sir John Wynne', and all the Members whoserve for die Counties of Oxford, G lone eft er, Wore eft er, and Warveick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fivcot the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, ami Records.

A Petition of the under-written Artificers and Dealers in Gold and Silver Wares, \vas presented to the House, and read; complaining. That Frauds and Abuses are practised by Wo kers and Dealers in Gold and Silver, whereby the Petitioners allege the public Revenue isnoio-riously defrauded, and the Subjects grievously injured; the principal of which Grievances the Petitioners ascribe to Six Pence an Ounce, directed by an Act of the Sixth of his late Majesty to be paid for all wrought Plate, and to the Manner of collecting the said Duty; and alleging, that there are many Ways to elude the Payment of the said Duty; and also complaining, that the Petitioners very sensibly experience great Diiadvanfages from the Act passed last Year, for impoling a fax of $s. for every Hundred Ounces on the Users and Possessors of PlateAnd therefore expressing the 1 lope of the Petitioners, that the House will take tnc Premises (the Truth of which they are ready to make appear, whenever thereunto required) into their lerious Con fulcra: ion, and grant them such Relief therein as the House Ihill think convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Rest or, Principal, Profcssors, and Mailers, of the University of Glrfgow, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Anne, late Dutchess of Hamilton, by a Mortification or Instrument, bearing Date the 30th Day of October 1O94, gave the Sum of 18,000 Merks Scots, due to her by a Bond from the Magiflrares and Town Council of Glrfgow, to the Rvftor, Principal, Profcssors, and Matters, of the said University, and their Successors, for the Use of Three Students of Theology, to be presented by her, and her Heirs Male; thereby obliging the said Students, after itudying Theology Two Years at the said University, to go abroad and prosecute the said Study One Year further at One of more Protestant Universnies abroad; only One Student to be presented yearly; and each Student to be allowed, out of the annual Rents or incerdl.of the said piuapal Sum, One hundred Pounds Scots, being Eight Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling, yearly, during the Two Years of his Continuance at the said University aC Glasgow, and Four hundred Pounds Scots, being Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling, for the Year employed abroad, as aforeCiid; and recite ing the Provisions imthe laid Instrument, for employing

8 Q the

Duty on Fla 15/

G la fac-.7 University BeneLttion*.

Kc«f

Bridge.

702

the Surplus of the said annual Rent or Interest; and alleging, that, on or about the 7th of November following, the then Rector, Principal, Professors, and Mailers, of the said University of Glasgow, accepted the said Trull, and gave Bond for the due Performance thereof; and the Directions contained in the said Inltruinent, were, for many Years thereafter, regularly complied with; but, for several Years last pall, few Applications have been made for Presentations, owing, as the Petitioners conceive, to the Alteration of Times and Circumstances, whereby the said Allowance of /. 8. 6j. id. per Annum, is become inefficient for the Support of a Student of Theology at home, and the said Allowance of£.33. even if

increased to £. 41. 135. 4 d.falls greatly short of a Year’s Expence at a foreign Universuy, and the necessary Charges of travelling thither, and back; and setting forth, that King William the Third, by an Instrument under the Great Seal of Scotland, dated the 28th Day of February, in the Sixth Year of his Ke;gn, granted to the then Rector, Principal, Professors, an. M-fters, of the said University, for ever, the yearly Sum .«!£. 300 Sterling, to be payable out of the Bishops Rents in Scotland, and applied for Payment of the Debts of the said University, and for maintaining Four Bur.ars in Divinity, to be presented by the Crown, One every Year, ar£. 10per tium, each Burfar, for the first Three Years, and f. 40 the last Year at a foreign Protestant University; and, after Payment of the said Debts, the Whole applied partly for Burfars, and partly fora Professor, and any other pious Uses in the said University, as should be appointed by the Crown; and that the said Grant was afterwards confirmed by the Parliament of Scotland, the a 1 ft of March 1707; and that the Petitioners conceive, the Study of Divinity cannot, at this time, be prosecuted at greater Advantage in any foreign University than it may in Scotland and that the pious Intentions of the said royal and noble Be-nefaftors would be more effectually answered, if the Gentlemen intended for that Study, instead of being compelled to go abroad, were previously inllrufted in the several Branches of Philosophy, which are regularly taught at Glasgow, for Three successive Years: That, by an Increase in the Expence of Living since the said Grants, the Allowances thereby directed for Students in Divinity arc become insufficient for their decent Support either at home or abroad; whereas, if their going to a foreign Country was dispensed with, the Funds above-mentioned (that of the Dutchess of Hamilton's being increased to £. 2,000 Sterling), would afford them a more comfortable Provision during the said Three Years of preparatory Study, and Three Years employed in Divinity: That the Petitioners likewise conceive, it would greatly tend to effectuate and secure the said charitable Donation of the Duchess of Hamilton, if the Petitioners were authorised, with the Consent of the Patron, for the Time being, to lay out the principal Money thereof in the Purchase of Lands; and that the Duke of Hamilton, the present Patron, is willing that the said propol'ed Alterations should take place, lo far as concerns the Donation of the said Duchess; but in regard the Petitioners, in whom the Trustand Administration of the said mortified Sums are veiled, are, by the strict Tenor of the said several Instruments of Mortification, and Act of Parliament, reltrained from deviating therefrom without the Authority of Parliament, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and improving the said royal and noble Benefactions, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Robert Tunstall Old Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner is Owner of all that Passage of Water upon the River Thames, with the Appurtenances, called K be-

tween Old Brentford, in the Parish of Eating, in the said County of Middlesex, and the opposite Shore in the Parish *5

A. 1757.

of Richmond, in the County of Surrey; and that it would bea general Conveniency it a Bridge was built at the said Ferry, or as near Westward thereto as can be confident with the Preservation of the Navigation of the said River; and alleging, that the Petitioner proposes to build the said Bridge at his own Expence, having such a reatbn-able Toll as to the House shall seem meet: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given co bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioner to erect and build such Bridge, and to take such Tolls, in respect thereof, as to the House shall seem just and real unable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Beauchamp Mr. Cooke, Mr.' Fell owes, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hayes, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Mr.

Wkichcct, Mr. Choi mley, Mr. Ky nafton, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Butler, Mr. Martin, Mr. More, Sir John, Crojfe, Mr. O/mius, Mr. Hill, Mr. Budgen, Sir Robert Lad broke, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Bold, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Smith, Lord Carysfort, Mr. J'rowfe, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. ling, Mr. Plamer, Mr. Bozues, Sir John Glynn, Mr, Barbor, Mr. Baukes, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Bond, Mr. Moore, Sir William Culvert, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Mr. Fo-

ley, Sir John Morgan, Mr. WhSir William Merer dith, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Calvert, Lord Re* gifter of Scotland, Mr. Bay)it an, Mr Mr. Nugent, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Amcolls, and all the.

Members whoserve for the Counties of Surrey,

Kent, Hertford, and the City of: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and of

Wanflead, and Woodford, and Places adjacent, in the County of Essex, was. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the present Communication between the several Parts of London and West m infer with the great Roads into Essex, Suffolk, Norfolk, and other Countries,

is very inconvenient; and alleging, that ifProvision was made for opening, making, and keeping in Repair a new Road from or near Brook House at Clapton, in the Parish of Hackney, over certain Lands and Grounds there, down to the River Lea, at or near a Ferry called Jeremy's , orfor repairing and widening the present Road from Clapton down to the River Lea, and for building a Bridge over the fame, at or near the said Ferry, and for making a new Road from thence to Mark House Lane, cross Wa/tham-fozv Mead, or Marsh, and over certain Lands and Grounds lying between the said Marsh and the said Mark House , Lane -, and for repairing and widening a certain Road on the East Side of the said Lane leading to the North Eall Corner of Knot's Green, in the Parishes of and Lczvlayton, and from thence into the great Road

near the Sign of the Eagle at 'Snarejbrooke, in the said County of Essex; a much more commodious and convenient Communication will be opened between several Parts of London and Westminster with the great Roads into

Essex, Suffolk, Norfolk, and other Counties, and between all the great Roads on the West, North, and East Parts of London and Weffminffcr: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made for the Purposes aforesaid, in such manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Considerationi of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Prolior, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. , Sir Cor -

del Firebrace, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Barrow, Sir

John Glynn, Mr. Cartzvright, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Row-

>‘-y.

12* Februa.

Clapton

Pvjc.d.

30 Geo. II. 12° Februarii.

ney, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Mr. Lifter, Mr. Ridley,

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Wigley, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Mr. Cholmley, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Smith, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Olmius, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Nor they. Lord Eufton, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hill, Lord Mr. Symonds, Mr. Trift, Mr. More, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Whittington, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Moore, Mr.

Whitshed, Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Bond, Mr. White, Mr. Aldworlh, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Med/ycott, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who l'erve for the Counties of Middlesex, EJJ'ex, Suffolk, Norfolk, Cambridge, and Hertford, and the City of London: And they are , to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Wrexham, A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, j&c. Clergy, and others, retiding near or contiguous to the

Road. Rqad therein after-mentioned, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of

Meld, in the County of and from thence through the Towns of Halkin and Holywell to the Town of Rhud-dlan, in the same County, and from thence through the Town of Abcrgeley, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Ferry House opposite to the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, is in lev era I Parts thereof overflowed, and in other Parts thereof very narrow, rugged, and incommodious, and, for the generality, in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the amending, widening, draining, and keeping in Repair the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall Teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shal^ appear to them, to the House;

And' it is referred to Sir John Glynn, Mr. Fenton, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. More, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Prowse, Mr. IVhi cheat, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. PSir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Med-lycott. Sir Cored FirebraceMr. Sir William Calvert, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Bat hut ft, Mr. Mr. Bowes, Mr. Vyner junior, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Smith, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Mr. Trift, Sir

John Criffe, Mr. Gaftiry, Sir William Mr. Af-

fleck, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Hewett, Lord George Ca-vendish, Mr. Amcotts, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Howard-, and all the Members who serve for the

Principality of Wales; and for the Counties of Chester, Salop, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Clothier* A Petition of the Clothiers, and others employed in "8e£* the Woollen Manufacture in the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, whfe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; reciting several Parts of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned in the Woollen Manufacture: And alleging, that the said Act hath occasioned Riots and Disturbances in the Counties of Gloucester and Somerset; and representing the Difficulty of rating the Wages of Persons employed in the Woollen Manufacture: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration; and that so much of the said Act, and all other Statutes, as give JPower to the Justices of Peace to make Rates for ascertaining the Priee of Wages to be paid to Woollen Broad

Vo*.. 27.

Cloth Weavers, may be repealed, or such other Alterations made therein as shall be agreeable to the Nature and Equity of the Cafe, and as to the House shall seem meet and reafoliable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coh-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufacture of Stroudwater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester, on behalf of themselves, and many Thou-

sands more, and also the Petition of the Clothiers, and other Manufacturers of Broad Cloth, in the Town of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset, are referred: And that they doexamine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the reverend Doctor Taylor, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House at St.-Margaret's, Westminster, and that he beddired to print the fame; and that Mr. Kynaston, Mr* Hill, and the Lord Carysfort, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the Owners of Marsh and Fen Lands, and low Grounds, lying in the Parish of Wiggenhall St. Mary Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners of a large Tract of Marsh and Fen Lands, and low Grounds, containing about 4,000 Acres, lying in the said Parish, the greatest Part of which Linds and Grounds have for several Years pall been, and ilill are, frequently overflowed, through the Defect of their Outfalls to Sea, by which means the same produce little or no Profit; and that the same might be effectually drained, whereby great P>enefit would accrue to the Public, and much Profit would arise to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave for the bringing in a Bill for theeffeclual draining and Preservation of the said Lands and Grounds for the Purposes aforesaid, or otherwise, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Dean, and such Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Gloucester as are now resident, and of others, Inhabitants of the Precincts of the said Church, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice, That the Governor and Guardians of the Work-house in the City of terhave, without the Knowledge of the Petitioners, and, as they believe, of the Vestries of the several Paiilhes in the said City, petitioned the Houseforadiscretionary Power of levying larger Sums of Money upon the Inhabitants of the said Precinctsand Parishes than have hitherto been, or may be at present levied upon them, under Pretence that such larger Sums are necessary for discharging certain Debts contracted by the said Governor and Guardians, and fora further Maintenance of the Poor, and also of railing Money upon the Inhabitants of the said Precincts and Parishes for lighting the Streets of the said City: And alleging, that the Petitioners are persuaded, that the Money to be levied by virtue of a late Act of Parliament now in Force, and otherwise accruing from Benefadlions given for the Maintenance of the Poor, are and will be sufficient for that Purpose, when duly applied; and that the Debts have been incurred by notorious Mismanagement and unjustifiable Proceedings of the Governor and Guardians, to the great Neglect of the Poor, and Injury’ of the Inhabitants of the said Precincts and Parishes, who can with less Expence to themselves make a far better Provision for their own Poor respectively; And therefore praying, That no such Act may pass; or if the House shall think it reasonable to pass any further Act, that then the Precincts which are extraparochial may be excepted out of the said Act, in like manner as the Out Hamlets of the said City are intended to be; and that the Inhabitants thereof may for the future be charged with the Maintenance of their own Poor only; and whereas the Pre-eindt* are already well lighted by the Dean and Chapter

Dr. Taylor thanked.

WiacnhiJl

Drainage;

Gloucefleif P o*r.

Gloucester

Poor.

5t. Lukt’j Poor.

704

120 — 140 Februarii.

4- 1757-

and Inhabitants, and more Lamps are intended to be set Sir Mr. Bacon, Mr. Morgan,

up by others of the Inhabitants, praying, that they may not Mr. Mr Mr. Pitt, Mr. Levcfon Gower,

be subjected to any Assessments of the said Governor and Mr. Mr. Trijl, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Drax, Mr.

Guardians for that Purpose, whom they judge to beim- Lascelles, Sir Mr. Cocks-, and all the Mem-

proper Persons for executing the fame, but that they may bers who serve for the Counties of EJj'ex,

be left to provide their own Lights within the said Prc- Hertford, Kent, and Surrey, and the City of London: And drifts only, as they have hitherto done. they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of several Parishes in the in the Speaker’s Chamber.

City of Gloucester, and the Payers to the Poor’s Rates of

the said several Parishes, was alibpresented to the House, Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition and read; also taking notice of the Application made to the of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution several House by the Governor and Guardians of the Poor in the Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads between a said City: And alleging, that the Petitioners believe. Place called the White on Alcoa bury Hill, and JVanf-that the said Governor and Guardians are indebted in the ford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and between Sums mentioned in their Petition; but that the same is a Place called Norman Crop in the said County, to intirely owing to their Abuse of the Powers in them veiled the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton -, by the said Acts; and that the Payments made to the said and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; was Governor and Guardians by the Rents of their several referred, be revived.

Estates and Monies, which are, or ought to have been, at

Interest, and by the Monies levied yearly on each Parish, And then the House adjourned till Monday

Precinct, and Place, dependent on, and belonging to, the Morning, Nine of the Clock,

said City, amounting to more than /.i,cco per Annum,

were, are, and always will be, more than sufficient to main- ~~ ' ' ' — > —

tain the Poor, whom they do and ought to relieve; and / 1f> fie;

that the Petitioners apprehend, that One great Caule of 1

the growing Evil of the Debts of the Work-house, is. Anno 50° Georgii Udi Regis, 1757.

that many Persons have procured themselves to be elected

Guardians of the said House, with no other View than of Prayers.

serving their own Interests, by supplying, on their own rPHE House being informed. That Mr. parpns. Terms, the said House with Provisions, and other Nc- JL from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended ceffaries and Materials there used and wanting; and ex- at the Door;

prefTing the Hope of the Petitioners, that no Governor He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

and Guardian shall serve any kind of Provisions, Necef- House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parlia-faries, or other Materials, to the said House, while he merit, an Account of the Bounties on British and Irish shall be a Governor or Guardian; and that a new Go- Linens exported before the End of the Sessions of Parlia-vernorand Guardians may be elected every Two Years; ment of 27th of his Majesty, and paid in England out of and that in case it should appear to the House, as it does such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Pay-to the Petitioners, that Lamps should be erected for en- ment of Incidents, between 5th ol January 175^, and lightening the Streets of the said City, the railing Money 5th of Jammy 1757, together with the Quantities for for that Purpose, and the expending Monies lo raised, which the fam£ were paid. * '

will not, be intruded to the said Governor and Guardians; And then he withdrew, but that the Parishioners of the said several Parishes may, And the Title of the said Account was read,

at every Easter, in open Vestry, affels, and, by their Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

Overseers, rail'e, collect, expend, and account for, such to be perused by the Members of the House.

Monies, in like manner as is enjoined by the several gene- The said Account is preserved amongst the other ral Laws now in being, for appealing to, and passing, Papers of this Session.

Overseers Accounts; and further del:ring, that the several

Hamlets lying in the County of Gloucester may from Ordered, That Lord Strange, Mr. Morrice, Mr.

henceforth be entirely separated from the Work-house of Townshen /, Mr. Rice, Mr. Archer, Mr. Sandys, Sir Withe laid City, so as to have no Dependence thereon, or cholas Bai/y, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Charles Connection therewith; and that the House will grant Townshend, Mr. Hunt, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir Robert the Petitioners such other and lurther Relief as to the Long, Colonel Lee, Mr. James Colebrocke, Mr. Medlicott, House shall leem meet. Sir Willoughby Aston, Sir William Co dr in* ton, Mr. George

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Colebrooke, Sir John Gordon, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of White, Mr. Rose Fuller, be added to the Committee, to the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting Gkucester, is referred: And that they do examine the in Execution several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Matters of thele Petitions; and report the fame, as they Roads between a Place called the White Post on Alconbury shall appear to them, to the House. Hill and Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon,

Ordered, That the said Committee do.report to the and between a Place called Norman Cross Hill, in the said House their Opinion upon the Matters of the several County, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Petitions referred to their Consideration. Northampton; and for other Purposes in the said Acts

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee mentioned; is referred, have Voices.

A Bill for the ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for the better ordering and regulating the Pogt, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Mid-d/ejex, was read a Second time.

Re/lived. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. C holm ley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fellowcs, Mr. OR mi us, Mr. Ryder, Lord Carys/ort, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Aijlabie, General Onslow, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gere, Mr. More, Sir John CuJl, Mr. Butler, Sir John Hynde Colton, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Glynn9 Mr.

A Bill for enlarging the Terrnsand Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Third, and the other in the Seventeenth, Year of the Reign of lhs prc fen Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipjtcn Toll Gate at Bridgtown, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alder minster and Shipston upon Stczver, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick; and alto for repairing the Road leading from the First Mile Stone (landing on the said Shipston Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Camp-den, to a Place called Andovers Ford, in the County of Gloucester; was read a Second time.

», 7. /

Alccnburt

Hill

Roads,

Account of Li.oen bounty.

Alcomwrjfr

Hill

Ro^d.

SVipfton Toil Gite Road.

Wipgenhal!

Drainage.

Towcester

Hoad.

Corfliam,

&c.

Roads.

30 Geo. II. 14* Februarii: 705

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. West, Mr. Butler, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Henry Pel-ham, Mr. 7^;/ Yorke, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Whitworth, Mr.

Mr. Whichcot, Sir Creed, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir

7W// Armilage, Mr. Hervey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Newnham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gor<?, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Smithy Mr. Sandys, Mr. Probyn, Sir jM// Rufhout, Mr. C00&, Sir Turner, Mr. GW,

Sir //<r#rv Erskine, Mr. Clayton, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Kynaflotiy Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fullery Mr. £///r, Mr. Herberty Mr. Powelly Mr. Rowney, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Rydery Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Morgany Mr. /fare#, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. AW, Lord Verney, Mr. Oswaldy Sir Crosse, Mr.

Proivfe, Lord Strange, Mr. General Holmes, Mr.

Northey, Sir Francis Dafliwood; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, G£/r-and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Owners of Marsh and Fen Lands, and low Grounds, lying in the Parish of Wiggenhall St. Mary Magdalen, in the County of Afor-yb/&, which was presented to the House upon Saturday lall, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Turnery Lord Strangey Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. VernoHy Mr. Pitty Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Chester, Mr. Oimius, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Fe Howes, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Price, Mr. Hunt% Mr. Bacon, Mr. George Townshend, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bayntuny Mr. Gxbbon, Sir Francis Poule, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Morey Mr. Ota> 7/0//, Mr. Potter^ Mr. OJbaldeflon, Lord Parker, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Crafler, Mr. Prowse, Mr. £/£>, Mr. Moore, Sir Cor del FirebracCy Mr. CWre, Mr. Cliolmley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Ho folk, Suffolk y Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from TW-ceflery through Silverflon and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weflon Gate, in the Parish of Weflon on the Green, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second time.

ResolvedyThzt the Bill be committed to the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Charles Gorey Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Poore, Mr. Henry Vernon, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Lee, Mr. Kynfflion, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Robert JLadbxoke, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cooke, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Butler, Sir John Armil age, Mr. Boultony Mr. Lx (ter, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Gajhry, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Probyn, Sir Morgan, Mr. A7//0-, Mr. Willy, Mr. Chetzvynd,

Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. AW, Mr. Prowse, Mr. C*r/-Wright, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Egerton, Lord Parker, Mr. Craven, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sandys, Mr. £///, Mr. More, Mr. Qfbaldeflon, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bayntun; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Northampton, Bedford\ Bucks, Oxford, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading trom a Place called the Gc/S iKcyj, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the Fime time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

VOL. 27.

Mr. Powell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Thomas Turner Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Payler: And the same was received; and read the First time* Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Township of Pid-dington, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Parker, Mr. Mathews, Mr. Fel/owes, Mr. Freeman, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Keck, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Gz-dogan, Lord Strange, Mr. Onslow, Lord North, Mr. Grenville, Mr. More, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Calvert, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Potter, Mr. Cole-brooke, Mr. Butler, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Shelley, Mr. 0Indus, Mr* Ellis, Sir John CroJJ'e, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cust, Mr. White, Mr. R/re, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lxftw, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Cor del Fircbrace, Mr. Anson, Sir William Calvert, Mr* Crofter, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Brude-nell. Lord Guernsey, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Westphaling, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. 7r^?, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Mackye, Mr. Ojbaldcfton, Mr. Nugent, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Tozvnshend, Sir John Turner, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Hayward, Mr Ryder, Mr. Bond, Mr. Powell\ Mr. Foley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, Warwick, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montague and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, Bacon, and other Victual (except FiChand Roots, and Rice, to be exported to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Fintfterre), from his Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in America, unless to Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the said Colonies and Plantations; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; and to allow the Exportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, from Great Britain to the Isle of Man, for the Uleof the Inhabitants there; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to tire Town of Tenbury, in the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and eitablishing certain Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Downs, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Manor of Barton Stacy, in the Parish of Barton > Stacy, in the County of Southampton, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum not exceeding One million Fifty thousand and Five Pounds and Five Shillings, to be raised by way of Lottery, without any Amendment:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Billforconfirming andestablishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Town Fields of West Matfen, and a small Common or Waste Ground thereto adjoining, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second time.

8 R Resolved,

Turner’s

Name.

Piddington

Incbfure.

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Exporiation of Corn from A merici,

Tenbury

Roads.

Barton

Stacy

inclosure.

Supply Bill; Lottery.

West

Matfen

Inclosurt.

70 6

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Potter, Mr.

Mr. Prowse, Sir John Mr. Cooke, Lord Parker, Mr. Feltowes, Sir Robert Long, Mr. , Sir

Blackett, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Amcotts, Lord Vernty, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Lamb ton, Mr. Watson, Mr. DelaMr. Tempest, Mr. Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Howard, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Lee, Lord Ma/pas, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Noel, Mr. Sir John Rujkout,

Mr. OJbaldeston, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Colonel

Griffin, Mr. Hezvett; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, caster, Westmoreland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Loughborough Mr. Edward Smith reported from the Committee, to Road. whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, residing in or near the several Towns, Villages, and Roads, therein after-mentioned, in the County of Leicester, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Samuel Smith, Surveyor, produced to your Committee a Plan of the great Road from Loughborough to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester; and informed your Committee, That the Road from Burleigh Bridge, through Loughborough Field, Thorp Acre Field, Snell's Lane, over Charley Chafe, through the Liberties of Shipjhead and Gracedieu, to Gracedieu Lane, through Gracedieu Lane over Thringfton Fields, through Lane,

to the Snape Gate over Thringfton Moor and Coleorton Moor, through Coleorton, by the Church, to Ashby de la ' Zouch, and also the Road from the South End of Gracedieu Lane, over Thringfton Field, through the South End of Thringfton Town, to Talbot Lane, are become lo ruinous, that, not only in the Winter Season, but in wet Summers, many Parts thereof are rendered almost impassable for Carriages, and very dangerous for Travellers, and are in many Places very narrow, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being.

Mr. John Watkins, being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to tiring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of :

And that Mr. Edward Smith, Sir Thomas Palmer, and Sir Richard Warwick Ba do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Woi/'iiampc«ic, Sir Edmund Isham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain com-<ic o ure. mon common l’aftures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wolfhampcote, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Exritiont Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the com-TncJofure. mon, open, and arable Fields, and waste Grounds, in the Manor of Ear If tone, in the Parish of in the County of Hants, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gybbon, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Charlton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. , Mr. Cocks,

Mr. O Pa a!deft on, Mr. Webb, Mr. CholmUy, Mr. Potter,

A. 1757.

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Thyme, Mr. West, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Hayward, Sir George Lee, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Wier-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, , and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Address of Thursday last, That his Majesty would be gra-

ciously pleased to give Directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, the printed_ Votes of the Assembly of Jamaica, of the 7th of October 1756.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members af this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Samuel Martin presented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to Lis Majesty,

Copies of Contracts now subsisting, for victualling his Majesty’s Forces in America,

With Mefiieurs Baker, Kilby, and Baker, 26th 1756, for North America:

With John Gore, 30th March 1747, for a Company at Providence:

With William Baker, Merchant, 29th March 1751,

Nova Scotia:

With Matthew Woodford Esquire, 22d September 1737, Garrisons at Placentia and Annapolis Royal:

With Chauncey Townshend Esquire, 23d October 1744, additional Men of General Philips's Regiment in Nova Scotia r

With the said Chauncey Townshend, 31st 1755,

additional Men of Ho Regiment at Nova Scotia:

Mr. Scrope’s Letter, 24th April 51, to the said Chauncey Townshend, for supplying the Artillery Men in Newfoundland:

Mr. Hardinge’s Letter, 18th March 1754, to him,

for supplying Officers and Artificers at St. John’s and Placentia:

Paymaster General’s Information, 28th March *7 S6> inclosing, an Estimate of Provisions for the Troops in North America, for the Current Year;

Copies of all Minutes of the Treasury, relating to the furnishing the Forces under Lord Loudoun in America with Provisions.

Earl of Loudoun’s Memorial for contracting for Provisions:

Messieurs Baker and Kilby's Proposal for victualling the

Army to be formed in North America:

Paymaster General and Secretary at War, Report on the said Proposal:

Earl of Loudoun, 28th February 1756, on the said Proposal:

Calculation of the Prices for each Man’s Allowance in America, per Week, 1756:

Prices of Provisions from Philadelphia:

Mr. West's Letter, 3d March 1756, to Messieurs Baker and Kilby:

Messieurs Baker and Kilby, 4th March 1756, Answer to the said Letter.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the Houfo.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Iron Manufacturers of the Town of

Wool-

140 Februarii.

Answer to Address for Papers.

Papers

relating to Jamaica.

Paper*

respectiijg

victualling

American

Fore*.

Imfortatioa of Iron.

30 Geo. II. 14" — 15 9 707

Woolverhampton, in behalf of themselves, and manyThou-sands of others their Fellow Manufacturers throughout the Kingdom: And also,

Importation A Petition of the Iron Manufacturers of the Town of ttlron. Willenhall, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of others their Fellow Manufacturers throughout the Kingdom: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Iron Manufacturers of the Town of Bilston, in the county of :

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing many good Effects which the Petitioners allege have arisen from the prodigious Increafeof the Iron and Steel Manufactures in those Parts respectively; and complaining, that the Price of all Bar Icon is raised so exceeding high of late Years, as to lay the Petitioners under very distrelsful Circumstances; and alleging, that our own Colonies in North America, with proper Encouragement, are capable of furnishing us with good Bar Iron of different Qualities, iuited to different Manufactures, and greatly wanted at present in this Kingdom; in which same the said Colonies would take our Iron and other Manufactures by way of Return: And therefore praying the House to give Leave for bringing in a Bill to admit Bar Iron, Duty-free, from our American Colonies, into all Ports and Places in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Afliftams, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal.

Sh»w Hill Ordered, That Mr. Jetty Mr. Gtofvener, Mr.

R°ad. naston, Mr. Gybbons, Admiral Clinton, Mr. Craven, Mr.

Grove, Mr. Co/eh ooke, Mr. Mr. King,

Sir John AbJy, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. , Mr. Dicker,

Sir John Glynn, Mr. Pytts, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the bottom of S/iazv HUl, in the Parish of Melhsham, through Googes Lane. Bidestone,

and Wi ’Jl Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle , in the County of Wilts, is committed.

ytTays The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Meant, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

to the Bill j and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will now tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants* Maltsters, and Farmers, Distillatioti in Ipswich, and Places adjacent, whose Names are there- from Com. unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice,

That Provision is to be made to restrain the distilling Barley, Malt, and all other Grain, for a limited Time; and representing, that very large Quantities of Wheat and Barley arc so ordinary and damaged as to be rendered unfit for ar.y other Use than distilling; and alleging, that very considerable Quantities of Malt are made in that'

Country, which are not fit for the Brewers; and that in case the Distillers are restrained from the Use of Barley,

Malt, and all other Grain, the Petitioners apprehend it will put a Stop to a great Part of the Malting Trade, and leave the ordinary Barley upon the Farmers Hands:

And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration the great Inconveniences and Hardships the Petitioners and many others must inevitably suffer by restraining the Distillers from using Bailey, Malt, and all other Grain, and to make such Provision for their Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Farmers and Occupiers of Ditto. Lind in the County of Norfolk was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is now depending to restrain the distilling of Barley, Malt, and all Grain whatsoever, for a limited Time; and alleging, that if the same pass into a Law, it will be very hurtful to the Petitioners, who have great Quantities of Barley now in their Barns, of so ordinary a Quality, that the same is deemed fit for no other Use than to be converted into Malt for the Use of Distillers, who can use such ordinary Malt as cannot be used by Brewers: And therefore praying, That the Distillers may not be restrained from using ordinary Barley malted.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Regulating the Marine: Force*.

Biftillation from Com.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s marine Forces while on Shore;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, was committed;

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Nugent accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments, which the Committee bad nude

Vol. 27.

Martis, 15* d Februarii;

Anno 30° Georgii IF1 Regis, *757«

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Wood, from the Office of One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, of the 12th Day of March last (That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to proper and fk.il-ful Persons, such as his Majesty should think fit to appoint, to repair to the Town of Rye, and to make a Survey of the Works carrying on for making an Harbour there; and to give their Opinion thereupon, and whether a convenient,

Rye

Harbour.

Leavt

of Absence.

Burchester

Inclosure.

Hertford

Hoad.

Royal Afloat to

Bilb.

' V

708 150 Februarii. 1757.

venient, (afe, and commodious Harbour, can be made at the said Town, and the Ute of such Harbour when completed, and also what may be the most proper Plan for making such Harbour, and to make an Fftimate of the Expence thereof; and that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to cause an Account of all the Proceedings of the said Persons so to be appointed, together with such Plan and Eftiimte, to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament '; a Report made to the principal Officers of his Majesty’s Ordnance, in consequence of the said Address, together with an Appendix to the said Report, and tevctal Drawings relating to the said Harbour.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Report, Appendix, and Drawings, were read.

Ordered, That the said Report, Appendix, and Drawings, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Report, Appendix, and Drawings, are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Wentworth Esquire, Serjeant at

Arms attending this House, have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Field, common Meadows, common Failures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Township of other-

wife Burcester, otherwise Bijj'etMarket End, in the County of Oxford-, and for extinguilliing all Right of Common in certain common Meadows, common Pastures, and inclosed Grounds, in the said Township; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. BraJJeypretented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Fall End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Walton, to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through Wat ton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a Sum not exceeding One Million Fifty thousand and Five Pounds and Five Shillings, to be raised by way of Lottery:

An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and also upon such Corn, Gfaih, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom:

An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal, Malt, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Starch, Beef, Pork, Bacon, and other Victual (except Fifti and Roots, and Rice, to be exported to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape,) from fi's Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in unless to Great Britain or Ireland, or to some of the said Colonies and

- 15

Plantations; and to permit the Importation of Corn and Flour into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Ships; and to allow the Exportation of Wheat, Barley, Oats, Meal, and Flour, I rum Great Britain to the I fie of Man, for the Use of the' Inhabitants there:

an Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines:

An Act for repaidng.and widening several Roads leading to, through, and from, the Town of in the County of Somerset-, and for giving further Powers to

the Trustees in an Act passed in the 25th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Warminster, in the County of Wilts, to the City

of Bath, in the County of Somerset, and other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several Roads in and near to the Town of in the Counties of Salop, I For refand Hereford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and Greens, in the Manor and Parish of Priors Hardwick, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Downs, Meadows, and Failures, within the Manor of Barton S/aey,' in the Parish of Barton Stacy, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Field, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, in the Township of otherwise Burcester, otherwise Market End, in the County of Oxford-, and for extinguilliing all Right of Common in certain common Mcadows, common Failures, and inclosed Grounds, in the said Township.

A Petition of the major Part of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Mary deG'race, in the City of Gl whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, was pretested to the House, and read; taking notice. That thcGovernor and Guardians of the Workhouse of the City of have, without the previous Consent or Knowledge of the Petitioners, and as they believe, of the Vestries of the other Parishes in the said City, petitioned the House for a discretionary Power of levying larger Sums of Money upon the Inhabitants of the said Parishes than have hitherto been, or may be at present, levied upon them, under Pretence that such larger Sums are necessaryfordischarging certain Debts contracted by the said Governor and Guardians, and for a farther Maintenance of the Poor; and also of raising Money upon the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, for lighting the Streets of the said City: And alleging, That the Petitioners are persuaded, that the Sums ot Money to be levied by virtue of a late Act of Parliament now in Force, and otherwise accruing from Benefactions given for the Maintenance of the Poor, are and will be sufficient for that Purpose, when duly applied; and that the Debts have been incurred by notorious Mismanagement, and unjustifiable Proceedings of the Governor and Guardians, to the great Neglect of the Poor, and Injury of the Inhabitants of the said City, and especially of the said Parish of St. Mary de Grace, who can with less Expence ro themselves make a far better Provision for their own Poor respectively: And therefore praying. That no such Act may pals; or, if the House shall think it real'onable to pass any farther Act, that then the aforesaid Parish may be excepted out of the said Act, and that the Inhabitants thereof may for the future be charged with the Maintenance of their own Poor only: And whereas the said Parish is better lighted since the said Governor and Guardians have given up the Care of the Lamps, than ever it wu* when under their Direction, the Petitioners pray, that they may not be subjected to any Assessments of the said Governor and Guardians for that Porpole, whom they judge to be improper Persons for executing the tame;

Gloucester

Tour.

Privilege.

Distillation from Curn.

Trentham

luciulure.

High Price of Corn.

Hitchin

to

Bedford

Koud.

30 Geo. II. 150 Febrmrii. 709

but that they may be left to provide their own Lights only, as they have done for theie Two Years past.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-ftderation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of Glou-djler is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report die fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Complaint being made to tlte House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Wilson and Mr. Went hev[tone did Ye lie rd ay impreh a

menial Servant of John Frederick Pinney Esquire, a Member of this House, and refuied to release the Paid William Cross, although they were informed that he was a Servant to a Member of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Pri-vileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Potter, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed hitn to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quefhon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

Mr.Levcfon G&wer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing Two several Articles of Agreement lor inclosing and dividing Nortlnvood, Hanchurch Heath, and Toft Green, in the Manor and Parish of Trentham, in the County of Stafford^ was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Richard Walker, Joseph Knight, and Hull, whole ioveral Estates in the said Parish amount to about Forty-eight Pounds per Annum; and that the several Persons, who have given their Consent to the Bill, are Proprietors of upwards 750 per Annum in the said Parish; and that no Person appeared before the Committee tooppufe the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments tiiereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quefxion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloncefier, was preferred to the House, and read; complaining of the Miseries of the Poor, through the excessive Dearness of Corn, and other Provisions; and representing to the House what the Petitioners apprehend to be thcCaufes thereof: And praying such Belief as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the high Road from the Park Gates of Edward Radchfe Esquire, in the Town of Hit chin, in the County of Hertford, through the Town of Shejford, and through Carrington Cotton End, to a Farm-house called St. Leonard's, at the End of the Town of Bedford; and also the high

Vol. 27.

Road from the Turning out of the aforesaid Road into Henlozv Field, through the Parishes of Henhw and Clifton, and through llill Lane, Caldecot, and Hatch, to Gerford Bridge, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Gore, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Talbot, Sir Francis Toole, Mr. Edgcv.nibe, Mr. Prcwfe, Mr. Lee, Sir John Ctf, Mr. Hunter, Mr. More, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Nor they, Mr. West, Mr. Herne, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lyster, Mr. FeT /owes, Sir George Tenge, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Mot ton, Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Bond, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Levcfon Gozver, Mr. Montagu, the Lord Mayor of London, Mn Mackenzie, Sir Matthew Lam he. Mr. Wat fun. Lord Strange, Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Mr. Chester, Mr. Gafitry, Mr. Foley, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fuller, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Lewis, Lord Barrington, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Taimer, Mr. White, Mr. IVigiey, Mr. Campbell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according to Order, a Dili for dividing and inclosing Thornton, otherwise Bishop Thornton, Moor, dinted Pasture, or Common, within the Manor ot Bishop Thornton with Bishopftde, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Charles Van Esquire be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Glamorgan,

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections he discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

The Lord Dozvne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and Owners and Occupiers of Lands, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the one of them intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from a Place called Red House, near Doncaftvr, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dewjfbury High Town and Light cliff, to the Town of Ha* lifa\\ in the West Riding of the County of York-, and the other intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads from Wakefield ro Pontefract, and from therice to a Place called Wteland, in the Townlliip of licnfalc, and from Ponte-fratt to Went bridge, in the Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: Then,

Mr. Johnson produced the Books of Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements upon account of the said Roads, which Accounts, he laid, Mr. Walker, Treasurer to the said Roads, gave him to deliver to your Committee, for their Information; and by which Accounts it appeared, that several considerable Sums of Money had been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts; and it likewde appeared, that the said Money, together with the Tolls collected, have been applied according to the Directionj of the said Acts; notwithstanding which, Mr Jolajvn said, that the said Roads are, in the Winter Seaibn, in a bad Condition: and that such Parts thereof ns have been

% S amended

Thorrtoi

lndoitire.

Glamorgan

Election.

Rrd Hon ft

near Do.x ifler Road*

710

amended will in a short time become ruinous again, if constant Care be not taken to keep the same in Repair.

And he further laid, That, for completing the Reparation of the said Roads, and repaying the Money owing on the Credit of the said Acts, it is necessary that the Tolls should be increased, and the TruHees enabled to borrow further Sums of Money by more cafy Methods than they are at present impowered to do, and likewise have some further Powers vested in them.

And he further added. That the Road from House to Halifax measures about 30 Miles, and from Wakefield to Weelandabout 14 Miles, many Parts whereof lead

over steep Hills, and through a very populous trading Part of the Country, and that other Parts thereof lead to and from divers Wharfs and Shores upon the Rivers Air and Calder-, and that the effectual repairing the said

Roads, and keeping the same in Repair, will be of general Utility.

Mr. Mills, being examined, confirmed the foregoing

Evidence in every Particular.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts, pafl'ed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red House, near Dtncafier, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by High Tozsii,

and Lightcliff, to the Town of Halifax, in the Well

Riding of the County of York-, and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to and from

thence to a Place called Weel, in the Township of

Henfall, and from Pontefract to Wen!bridge, in the Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that the Lord Dovanc and Mr. Mackenzie do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

4- 17 57-

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Three Weeks.

Resolved, That th is House will, upon ThirfJay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the Icvcral Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morningr Nine of the Cluck.

Mercurit , 16° Februarii;

Anno 30° Georgii lldl Regis, 1737. Prayers.

MR. Hardingc presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Surplusses Hated the 5th of April 1756: And also, Surplusses Hated the 10th ot 175A.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The laid Surplusses are pivterved amongH the other Papers of this St-llion". And the Abstracts thereof are as followeth; iiz.

150 — 16° Februarii.

Call of fljg House.

Militia.

Surplufle*

ABSTRACT of the said Surpluses, Bated the 5th of April 1756".

0

r

s>

The EXniF.ai'ERto The SINKING FUND -

To Surplus Monies arifrn in the HalfY ear, ended the 5th Day of April 1756; viz. Surplus tit’ the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 Surplus of the S >ui!t Sen Company's Fund, brought. Irom Account, Fol. 2 Surplus of the General luud, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

Dr.

To Monies brought to Account the 5th Day of April 175(1, pursuant to the Art

£ 5. d.

2. 12 <A

K1 U) if

162,015 4 U

i-VO.ao; 16 -i

pulled the *25® Georgil 2'

Jt

for consolidating the Funds:

3.578

13«-°9

I.

13

lG

6

The Duty of Od. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per Act t> Grvrgii ta‘, for the Service of the Year 17-20 -

Thoadditional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii 2dl, for the Smice of tin* ear 1731 -Surplus of the additional Duties on low Wines and Strong Waters,

granted per Act 160, 170, and *24° Georgii 2^ - 74,438 6 8*-

Thc like of the additional Duty on W ines imported, granted per

Act iS* Georgii e*, for the Service of the Year 1745 - - 14,324 >3 2

The like of the Dufies upon Glass, and spirituous Liquors, granted per Act i</ Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year

1-746.....- - 20,48-2 6 7

The like of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted per Act *20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the

Year 174.7.....66,378 4. 3

The Duties on Coaches, granted per Act -20* Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the said Year ----- 15,94-2 7 3

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandize imported, granted per Act 210 Georgii 2#‘, for the Sen ice of the Year 1748 - - 142,115 9 10

350,4^9 17 31 7

To the Duty of 12 A. per Parrel on Sweets or Wines, made from liritish ov foreign Fiuit or Sugar, granted per A ft io* Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737# brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 27° Georgii 241, Page 218 - 4,489 17

To the Surplus of the additional Duties on Soap, Paper, ami Coals, continued per Act 2* Georgii -i*1, for raising the Sum of JT. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Rank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 28°

Georgii 2*1, Page 457.....-

To the Surplus of tin* Duty on Coals, continued per Act i° Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £. 1,7*^0,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Paul; of England, brought 4o tins Account pursuant to the said. Act 28* Georgii 2^ -

- 10,255 7 3

8,484 16 <2

L 1,019,967 14

Per Corum - - *

By the chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, fur Haifa Year’s Interest, due the 5th Day’ of Jammy 1750, being after the Rate of £. -\ptr Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.0,137,821. 5.5. l { subscribed to the Joint Stock of /\ 3 per Tivmslerrable Annuities at the Bauk of England, pursuant to the Act passed the 250 Georgii 2di, Page 587, for consolidating the Funds -

By the Governor and Company of the Hunk of England, on £.4,450. 10s. per Annum, fur Haifa Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 591, in that Behalf -

By the chief Caliber of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for One Quarter of a Year’s InterelF* due the 5th Day of January 1750, being after the Kate of £.3. 10s. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 17,701,323. 16s. 4^. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3^ per Cent. Transferrable Annuities at the Dank of England, pursuant to the said Art, Page 587 -

By !), for One Quarter ot a Year’s IntereH,duo the 5th Day of April 1756, being after the Bate of £.3$ per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 14,984,455. 18$. 4d. Part of the aforegoing Sum of £. 17,701,323. subscribed to the said Joint Strfck of £.3* per Cent. Transferrable Annuities, pursuant to the lit Act passed ihe 230 Georgii 2dl, Page 3, in that Behalf ——

Bv 1)°, for One Quarter of a Year’s luterest due the said 5th Day of April 175b, being after the Rate of£.g per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 2,716,807. 18 s. Residue of the aforegoing Sum of/*. 17,701,323. 1 (is. 4 d. subscribed to the said Joint Stock of£ 3A per Cent* Transferrable Annuities, pursuant to a Clause in the Second Act passed the 23® Georgii 2di, Page 441, in that Behalf -

By the Governor and Company of the Hank of England, on £.9,884. o*. id. per Annum, for Half a Year’s Allowance, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due the said 5th Day of April 1756, pursuant to the Act passed the 25° Georgii 2di, Page 600, in that Behalf -

By Halt a Year’s Annuity, due the 51I1 Day of January 1756, being after the Rato of£.3/>cr Cent, per Annum on the principal Smn of £. 2,100,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Act 24° Georgii 2ci, Page 39, in that Behalf -By the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, &c. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of these Annuities due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that Behalf - -

By Cash taken in full of£. 1,420,000 for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the \rcar 17 5 5» pursuant to the Act, 28° Georgii 2^, Page 456, in that Behalf -

By Cash taken for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2dl, Page 471, in that Behalf ——

Cr.

£. s. d.

137,067 6 4 i

2,225 $ —

*54 *886 11 8

*3Gi>3 *9 9l

20,376 10 a

4.94^ — — I

31,500 ——

590 12 6

281,309 16 io{

«55>9S5 11 i

£. 1,010,967 14 4

This being the Sixty-foventh Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 9® Georgii lmi. Page 3G7, is humbly presented this 16th Day of February 1757, by me.

Vl

N. Hardiugc.

0 Geo. II. i6# Februafii.

g

tn

n'

CD

CL

CT

o

o

o

00.

ft

ABSTRACT of the said Simplusses, Rated the ioth OCloLer 1756.

The I-XCIIKQLTR toT.it SINKING FI ND -

To Surplus Monies arif. 11 in the Half Year, ended the ioth Day of 1756; '

Surplus oi H>e Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio i. - -

Surplus of the South Sr,v Company's Fund, brought from Account, I olio 2 thirpius of the General Fund, brought born Account, Folio 3.

Dr.

s. d.

,227 8 73

, HOj 8

.443 G 0

To Monies brought to Account the ioth D:>\ of (V7uG r 1750, pursuant to the Act

020,675 15 51

pal Yd '2 5° Gu rgu 2

.tu'i

for conJuiid.iting the Funds;

The Dufy of OJ. per Ounce on wrought Plate, granted per AS 6‘ Georgii iml, for flic Service of the Year 1720 - x Tire additional Stump l)utv on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1731 -

Surplus of ihc additional Duties on low Wines and thong Waters,

3*--9 >9 18,oid 15

5. d.

si

granted per Acts io°, 17*, ami *24*’ Georgii *2d

'lio like of the additional Dufy on Wines imported, granted per

’ 115*503 18

Per Contra

Act 1 8° (n

n Ol'gU

for the Service of the Year 1745

The like of tin Dulies upon Gl;d% ami Spirituous Liquors, granted per AS. o;g.i 2di, for tile Service of the Year 174b -

The like of the Hates and Duties upon Iloides, Windows, and Lights, granted. ;»ir Art 20° Georgii 2U'1, for the Service of the Year 1747

The Hkc of t ise Dm ics on Coaches, granted per Act 20° Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the said Year -

Tiie Su!.fidv on Good-, and Merchandize imported, granted per Act 210 Georgii fur the Service oi die car 1748

20,043

*28,428

- Go,712 14 44,005 10 ioJ 153,600 12 6

To the Duty f f is. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made front British or Foreign Fruit ei Sugar, grunted gtr Act u>° C ieorgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to thh Account pursuant :o the Act 2~° Georgii 2dl, Page 218 To the Surplus ,i rue addit.onal Dufies on Soap, Paper, and Coals, continued per Act' 2® Georgii ter railing the Sum of£. 1,250,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of /Agu<nd, brought to this Account pursuant to the Act 28° Georgii edl, Parr457 - -

To the Surplus of die Duty on Coals, continued per Act i° Georgii 2dl, for raising the Sum of £. 1.750,000 by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to tins Account pursuant to the said Act of 28° Georgii 2di -To tim Duty upon 1 ace arcs for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, brought to tins Account pursuant to the Act 29° Georgii 2dl, Page. 312 To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account, pursuant to the said Act of 29° Georgii 2dl, Page 323 -

To I lu* to vend Rates am! Duties payable by aii Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, having certain Quantities of Silver Plaie, brought to this Account pursuant to the null Act of 29 Georgii 2di, Page 332

450,621 4 8j

3

‘,965 G

19>5^9 4

13,856

D735

3 6

1 11

- 10,852 17 c

-----1 ii

! 143».-’75 13 7 J

C

vj

*pJk

Cr.

By the Chief Cnfhier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Intcrcit, due the 5th Day of July 1756, being after the* Hate of/’. 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the* Principal Sum of £. 9,137,821.5*. 1 {d. subscribed to the Joint Stuck of £.3 per Cent. Transferrable Annuities at the Bank of England, pursuant to the Act passed the 250 Georgii 2di, Page 587, for ronfolidating the Funds -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, oil £.4,450. 10*. per Annum, for Half 1 Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 591, in that Behalf ——

By the Ch ief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year’s Interest, due the ioth of October 175G, being after thcRatcof £.3. 10 s. per Cent.per Annum, on the PrincipalSum of/*.14,984,455. i8s\ 4d. Part of the Sum of £.17,701,323. lGs. 4d. subscribed to the Joint Stock of £. 3h per Cent. Transferrable Annuities, pursuant to the Firli Act passed the 230 Georgii 2di, Page 3, in that Behalf -By D°, for Haifa Year’s Interest, due the said 10th of (htober 175G, being after the Kate of £, 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £.*2,7 16,867. 18s. Residue of the aforegoing Sum of £. 17,701,323. lO.v. 4*/. subscribed to the said Joint Stock of Annuities, pursuant to a Clause in the tvjcond Ad palfed the 230 Georgii 2dl, Page 444, in that Behalf -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on £.9.884. os. 1 d. per Annum, for Half a War’s Allowance fur Charges of Management of the said Annuities, due the said 10th Day of October 175G, pursuant to the Act passed the 25° Georgii 2di, Page Goo, in that Behalf - -

By Haifa Year’s Annuity, due the 5th of July 1756, being after the Hate of £.3 per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 2,100,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to llis Majesty, fur the Service of the Year 1751, pursuant to the Ad 24* Georgii 2dl, Page 39, in that Behalf - -

By the Governor ami Company of Merchants trading to the South Seas, Sec. for Half a Year’s Allowance for Charges of Management of thel’e Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 59, in that

Behalf.....-- ——

By Half a Year’s Annuity due the 5th Day of July 1756, being after the Rate of £.3 per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.9,000,000, being part of the Million lent on Credit of this Fund towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1755, pursuant to the Ad 280 Georgii 2dl, Page 384, in that

Behalf ——

By Cash taken in Part of £. 1,300,000 for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1756, pursuant to the Ad 290 Georgii 2di, Page 472, in that Behalf -

d.

137,067 6 45

2,225 5 —

262,227 i£. Oi

4°>753 — 4

4>94*

_____1

31,500-----

500 12 6

13,50 o-----

937>469 9 i°

£ 1*430,-275 13 7

This being the Sixty-eighth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Ad o° Georgii imi, Page 367, is humbly presented, this 16th Day of Eebnutry 1757. by me,

N. Hardinge

16° Februarii A. 1757.

r

30 Geo. II. 1 6° Fe713

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Mr. Richard Perryn confirmed the Evidence last-men-

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. tioned; and added, that that Part of the Road mentioned in the Petition, which leads ox^v Rhuddlan Marsh, Sutton Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Or- and is the direct Road to Holyhead, is near Two Miles in Coldfield der, a Bill to impower the Warden and Society of the Length, and very frequently oversowed with Water, inclosure. j£ing»s Town of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of War* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for wick* to grant Part of a Common, called Sutton Coldfield amending, widening, draining, and keeping in Repair, Park* unto Simon Luttrell Esquire, and his Heirs: And the Road from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of the same was received; and read the First time. Denbigh, to the Town of Mould, in the County of I lint,

Resolved* Yhzx. the Bill be read a Second time. and through the Towns of Ha/kin and Holywell to the

Town of Rhuddlan, in the same County, and fr m thence Wrexham, Sir John Glynn reported from the Committee, to whom through the Town of Abergeley, in the said County of &c- the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Denbigh, to the Ferry House opposite to the Town of Road. Clergy, and others, residing near or contiguous to the Conway, in the Coun y of Carnarvon: And that Sir Road therein after-mentioned, whole Names are there- John Ghnn; Sir Thomas Mofiyn* Sir Lynch Cot ton* and unto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had Sir John Wynne, do prepare, and bring in, the lame, examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-

rcfled him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to Mr. Oswald, from the Commissioners for Trade and the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Plantations, presented 10 the House, pu.iuant to their afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Address to his Majesty,

the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Estimate of the Charges of supporti: g and maintain-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, ing the Settlement of his Majesty's CoLny of Nova Scv~

Mr. William Middleton, being examined, laid, He tia* for the Year 1757. knows the Road from Wrexham to Mould, and from And the Title of the said Estimate was read,

thence to the Town of Rhuddlan, which is very narrow The said Estimate is as fjioweth; viz.

in many Places, and rough, in very bad Repair, and cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law.

ESTIMATE of the Charges of supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Mej-fly's Colony rf

Nova Scotia, lor the Year 1757.

To the Salaries of the Civil Officers and Magistrates at Halifax, and other Settlements in the Colony, the maintaining and supporting an Hospitaland Orphan House, and toother contingent E.<pences attending the Civii Estabhlhment -

To the Pay, Victualling, and Cloathing, Two Companies ot Rangers, the one confiding of 116, the other of 138, commissionxl and non*commissioned (Officers and private Men -To the Seame s Wages, Stores, Provisions, Repairs, and incidental Expences of Three armed Vessels and Three Schooners, in the Service of the Colony -To an Allowance of Rum, Mciafles, Fire-wood, 0.1, and Candles, to the several Forts and Garrisons, and to the Seamen belonging t > the Vessels in the Service of the Colony, the Expence of the Issue thereof, and of Provisions and other contingent Expences attending the

military Establifturent - - - -.....- -

To repairing and completing the public Works, and erecting such new Onesasare immediately nectffiary for the Defence and Security of the Colony, including Stores and Materials, and the W ages of Artificers and Labourers ....

7,182

6,449

4,12!

7»727

S.

4 4

14 - 8

4 9

9 6

11 10

f.

28,789 5 1

Nova

Scotia.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 20th Day of 1756,of

the Return made from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to an Order of this House, for an Account to be laid before this House, of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by suppoiting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the r(l of January 1755, to the 31st of December following, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January 1755, to the 31st of December following.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, from the ift of January 1756, to the 3 ift of December following

Vol. 27.

The Lord 2ate-,nan reported to the Hous.-, That their Address of Monday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the printed Votes of the Alft mb'y ot Jamaica, of the 7th of October 1756, might be laid before this House, had been p:e!cnted to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Btidgenreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of several Noblemen and Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, living near to, and usually travellingthroug'n,the Road leading from the North End of the Timber Wharf called in the

Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, through the said Town of Guldeford, and the Towns of Salford and Brantley, to A ford Bars, in that Part of the Parish of Alford which lies in the said County of Surrey, and adjoins to the County of Sussex, and from thence through BoxwoodNezv Pound Common, in the Parish of

ffi'/borough Green, in the said County o{Sv.jJ'ex, over

bridge, through Hadsfoldjhern, Hard ham, -

wait ham, and Bury, to Saint Mary's Gate in Ae undell, in

8 T the

ro AtiJ;- > for i’apcis.

Daj'don

What

Road.

G

King’s

Lynn

Writ.

CafiJerifing

Writ.

Rye

*nd Dover Harbours.

714 1 6° Februarii.Ar 1757.

the said County of Svjfex, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr John Martyr laid, That the said Roads leading from Dapdon Wharf, in the County of , to Arm-dell, in the County of Sussex, which arc principal Roads for bringing Timber out of the Wilds of Surrey and Suf-sex to Dapdon Wharf aforesaid, from whence it is navigated to London, to his Majesty’s Yards on the River Thames, are, from the Deepnels of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, become very ruinous, and, in the YVinter Season, impassable for Coaches and Carriages, and, in wet Summers, are impassable for Carriages loaded with Timber, and many Places are very narrow and incommodious; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf \ in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Alford Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate in Arvn-deli in the County ^Sussex: And that Mr. Bitdgen, Lieutenant General Onslow, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John El-well, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Pelham, and Mr. Butter, do'prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of the honourable Horatio Walpole Esquire, now Baron Walpole of Woo/terton, in the County of Norfolk, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cajllerifing, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of the honourable Horatio Walpole Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward and Bailiff of his Majesty’s Three Ckiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough,

and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of the Acts of Parliament, for restor-ing the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its antient Goodness: And a!so,

The Petition of the Lieutenant of Dover Castle, and Assistants, incorporated for the Preservation of the Harbour of Dover, whole Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Assistants; which Petitions were preilnted to the House upon Thurs day last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Gybbon, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Finch, Mr Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. Ro-binf011, Mr. Scrgifon, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Cvji, Mr. More, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Martin, Mr. Prozcje, Mr. Powell, Mr. Fuller, Sir George Lee, Mr. Morton, General Holmes, Mr. Crafer, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bankes, Sir Piercy Brett, Mr. Bond, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Butler, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Trill, Mr. Alexander, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Chetzvynd, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Fazakerley, General Onjhrw, Mr. Thomas fozvnshend junior. Lord Eufton, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Whichcot, Lord George Caven-

dish, Mr. G a flay. Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Moore, Sir William Irby, Mr. White, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Webb,

Sir Thomas Mojiyn, Mr. Scott, Mr. Cozxnuy, Mr.

Hanger, Lord Parker, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Stanhope, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Her non, Mr. Brudene/l, Mr,

Curzon, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Wat [on, Mr. Lascelles,

Mr. Hammond, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Mai pas, Mr. Sy iron as, Mr. Tovcnjhend, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties oii'//^wand Kent, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report, Appendix, and Drawings, relating to the Harbour of Rye, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom Go^alrring the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Per- Road. Tons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, living near to, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the down of Godalming, through the Towns or Hamlledon, and Chidding-fold, in the County of Surrey, over Cripphirouch lid!, through Fishers Street, North Chappie, and the Town of Pet worth, to the Top of Dnndon Hill, in the Parish of Dun Lion, in the County of Sussex, and from the said Town of Petworth, by Byworth, over ligdecne Common through the Town o! Fi! tie-worth, to Stopham Bridge, in the Parish of Stopham, in the said County of Sussex, wras referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the fan! Petition,

Mr. John Neiuhoif arid Mr. John Lewis severally said,

That the said lloacls leading from Godahrdng, in the County of Surrey, through Pet worth, to the Top of Duntton Hill, and from Petzcorth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex, arc, by reaion of the Depth of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing along the lame, become very ruinous, and, in the Winter Sealon, Carriages cannot pass the fame, and are in many Places very narrow and incommodious, and dangerous to Carriages.

Mr. Lewis added, that he has leen, near Chiddingfold,

Twenty Horses to draw One Piece of Timber; but were not able to stir it.

Mr. John Martyr confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Newhouse and Mr. Lezvis, with regard to the Condition of the Road from Godalming to Petzcorth, and the Inefficiency of the Laws in being effectually to repair and widen the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Godalming, in the County of Surrey, through Petzcorth, to the Top of Dilution Hill; and from Pet -worth, to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Butler, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Pelham, Sir Francis Poole, and Mr. Molynettx, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of divers of the Iron Manufacturers of the jlltPort:?:on Town of Waif all, in the County of Stafford, on behalf of of Jrj;.-. themselves, and ail others their Fello.v Manufacturers throughout the Kingdom: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants of Liverpool;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining, That the Price of Iron has giv.uiy advanced within thele few Years; and alleging, that American Bar Iron will answer most Purposes; and that the permitting it to be imported at all the Port^ of this Kingdom will beof general Advantage: And therefore praying. That Bar Iron may be imported from Americaintoanv Port of Gv.;/ Britan, Duty-free.

And

Committee of Privileges.

Thomson’a

Nat.

Papers

respecting

Jamaica.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Regulating the Marine Forces.

30 Geo. II. 1 — 1

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, A Aidants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of under their common Seal.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Sir William Beauchamp ProTlor presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing 7homfons: And the same was received , and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciouAy pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minutes of the Third AAembly of the IAand oi maica, held by Governor Knoicle which was dissolved on or about the 24th January 1755.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that lie will begracioufty plealed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Petition of John Morse Esquire, to the Commissioners for

executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, upon his being flifpended from the OAice ot Register of the Admiralty in Jamaica by Charles Knowles Esquire, late Governor of the said IAand.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciouAy plealed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copv of the Petition to his Majesty of Thomas Beach Esquire, late Attorney General in Jamaica, \\\>o his being iuipended from the said Office by Charles Knowles Esquire, late Governor of the said IAand.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciouAy plealed to give Direction'-, that there be laid before this House, the Petition to his Majesty of Rose Fuller Esquire, Chief Justice of the supreme Court in the IAand ot Jamaica, and of John cougkand William Wynter Esquires, AAistant Judges, upon a Proclamation being issued against them by the Governor of the said IAand.

Ordered, That the said AddreAes be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider turther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V01. 37.

70 Februarii. 715

Jovis, 170 die Februarii;

Anno 30* Georgii IP1 lvcgis* 1757 - Prayers.

A PETITION of the Iron Manufacturers in and near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the advanced Price of Bar Iron: And praying, That Leave'mtv he given to bringin a Bill, for determining and taking of}* the Duties on Bar Iron made and imported from any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America into any Port of Great Britain; and that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem proper and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal.

Ordered, That Admiral Griffin, Mr. George Colebrooke, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr. S hoi ley, and Mr. Webb, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill f >r repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dap don Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guide ford, through Guldeford, to Alford Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to St. Mar/s Gate, in Arundelf, in the County of S iff ex.

Ordered, That Mr. Webb be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Reads leading trom Godalming, in the County of Surrey, through Petzvortk, to the lop of Dilution Hill, and from Pet worth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Siffex.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is depending, to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the Distilling of Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain; and alleging, that the Petitioners apprehend that such a Prohibition is, at this Juncture, needfary: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may be forthwith passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

The Lord Downe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts, passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red House, near Doncafiet, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury High Town and Lightcliff, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to PontefraEl, and from thence to a Place called IVeeland, in the Township of Heufall, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, in the Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Downe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Manor of Fv.lford, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John Philippa be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bil! to explain and amend the Laws against Regrutors, Forc-stallers, and Engroffers, of Corn.

A Petition

Importation of iron.

Papdon

Wharf-

Road*

Godalmin*

Road*.

Distilhtion from Coro*

Red House, near Doncaster RoaJt.

Fill ford locloluic,

Regrator*

and

ForclUlIeri.

716 17 Februarii. A. 1757

Coi(hr»m, A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execute. tion Two several Acts of Parliament, the one passed in

Roads. t|ie Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fiift, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Horftey Upright Gale, leading down Bowden Hill, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Kingsioion lhlly in the Paiiih of Box, in the said County; the oilier passed in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Horftey Upright Gate, leading down Boz&-den Hilly in the County A H ilts, to the Top of KingJ-doiui Hilly in the Parish of Box, in the said County; was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented to the Home, for creating a new Road to the City of Bath, from the Crops Keys at Pickivick, through Rudleigh, Sholtcrivicky and odicr Places to Bath Easton Bridge; and alleging, that should an Act pais for thou Purpose, it will cause such a Diminution of the Tolls aiding by Authority of the said Acts, that the same will be intirely defeated thereby; and further alleging, that the Matter of the above-recited Petition i*. not strictly true, the Road therein-mentioned not being io much nearer as therein repre Anted, and the Hills but little Ids than in the present Road; and that the Part of the Road in the said Petition mentiored, is no Public Highway, but muff lead across divers Fields already inclosed, and is in no Part thereof more than a Mile distant from the old Road under the Petitioners Management: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Couniel, against the Bill prayed for by the said Petition, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall Lem meet.

A Member A Member, returned upon a new Writ, took the

tuesOuths Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and Inscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

Corsham, And then a Petition of the honourable Dame Henrietta Long, and Captain John Montagu, in his Majesty's Ser-0u vice at Sea, by Edward Montagu, his Agent, was also preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have lent/*. 1,500 on the Credit of the Acts; and taking Notice, thata new Road is intended to be created from the Cross Keys at Pickzvicky through Rudleigh, Shctterwick, and other Places to Bath Easton Bridge; and alleging, that if the same should pass into a Law, the Petitioners Properly would be greatly affected by it: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to grant them such Reliefas to the House shall seem meet; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill. Data. A Petition of Richard IVebb was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Petition; and alleging, That the Petitioner has been informed, that ' it is intended to carry the Road prayed for by the said Petition through the most considerable Part of hisEstate, which lies in Rughleigh; whereby the same will be rendered of little Value, as the Lands through which such Road is intended to be madcconlift chiefly of rich arable Ground, and, by being divided, what remains on each Side 1 he Road will be reduced to narrow Strips, not exceeding in Width Five or Six Yards: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner’s same into Confederation, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet; and that he may be heard, by his Count'd, against the said Bilk Di.ri. A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Pojad from the West End of Seend Street, in the County of Hilts, to the Horse and Jockey in the Parish of Box, in the said County, was also presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said

Petition; and alleging, that, should an Act pass in pursuance thereof, it will cause so great a Diminution of the Tolls arising by Authority of the aforesaid Act that the same will be intirely defeated thereby; and that the Matter contained in the said Petition is not strictly true, the Roads therein mentioned not being lb much nearer, nor so tree from Hills, as is therein luggefted; and that the same cannot be sufficiently opened without great Difficulty, and manifest Injury to the Proprietors of divers inclosed Fields there: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill lo prayed for by the said Petition; or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Creditors under an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End of Seend Street, in the County of Wilts, to the Horse and jockey in the Parish of Box, in the said County, was also presented to the 1 iwuie, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners have advanced the Sum of £. 4,000 and upwards, upon the Credit of the said Act; and alleging, that, should an Act pais according to the Prayer of the said Petition, it wiluaulc so great a Diminution of the Tolls arising by virtue of the before-mentioned Act, that the same will nor be a sufficient Security for the Monies the Petitioners have lb advanced: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Couniel, against the Bill lb prayed for by the said Petition, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the 24th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from West Lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, that, should an Act pass, agreeable to the Prayer of the said Petition, it will lb much lessen the Tollsariling by the Authority of the said Act, that the same will be intirely defeated thereby: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill prayed for by the said Petitioner that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of John Turner Esquire, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, that the Petitioner has lentj£. 3,270 upon the Credit of the Act for repairing the Road leading from West Lavington to the Devizes, and from the Devizes to Seend, in the County of Wilts; and alleging, that, should an Act pass in pursuance of the said Petition, it wiil occasion so great a Diminution of the Tolls that are the Petitioner’sSecurity, that the Petitioner is in great Danger of being a very confirierable Sufferer; and that the Matter suggested in the said Petition is not strictiy true: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, by his Counsel, against the Bill prayed for by the said Petition, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Wilts, whole Names are fulffenbed, Trustees appointed to put in Execution Four several Acts of Parliament, the First of which, passed in the 5th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Sheppherd'sShordand the Devizes, and between the Top of Aldington Hill to Rozvdford, in the County of Wilts; the Second of the said Acts, passed in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and the Two last of the said Acts, palfed in the 18th and 29th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign; which said Three last mentioned Acts we’C luc-ceflively made and intended for enlarging the Terms and Powers in the former, and changing and altering Part of the said Highways; was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That, should an Act pass pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, it will greatly Jeflen (be

Corsham*

&c.

Roads.

Ditto.

Ditto*

Ditto*

Answer to Address for Papers.

Mefla«re from the King; Pmfiian Alliance.

Admirtl

Byng.

Mill' U.

Ditto.

30 Geo. II. 1.7® Februarii.717

Tolls arising by Authority of the said Acts, and weaken the Security for the Sum of ,£.2,800 borrowed on the Credit thereof: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Couniel, again!! the Bill, so prayed for by the said Petition, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the -House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called the Keys, otherwise Bricker's Bam, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Eafion Bridge, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time: And that the several Petitioners be then heard, by their Couniel, against; the said Bill, upon their laid several Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said several Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously plealed to give Dirediuns, That the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Pitt acquainted the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this House, ligned by his Majesty: And lie presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

It is always with Reluctance that his Majesty alksany 'extraordinary Supplies of his People; but as the united Councils, and formidable Preparations, of and her

Albes, threaten with the most alarming Consequences Europe in general; and as these most unjust and vindictive Dcllgns arc particularly and immediately bent against. his Majesty’s Electoral Dominions, and those of his good Ally the King of Prussia, his Majesty confides in the ex-

perienced Zeal and Affection of his faithful Commons, that they will chearfully assist him in forming and maintaining an Army of Observation for the just and necessary De fence and Preservtion thereof, and enable his Majesty to fulfil his Engagements with the King of for the

Security of the Empire, against the Irruption of foreign Armies, and for the Support of the common Cause.

G. R.

Ordered, NemineConrradicente, That his Majesty’s mod

gracious Mcfiage be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Hunter, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, acquainted the House, That whereas the House was i’ome time ago acquainted, that Admiral Byng, a Member of this House, was detained in Custody of the Marshal of the Admiralty, in order to take his Trial at the Court Martial, the Court Martial had been held, and had sentenced Admiral Byng to be (hot to Death; and that his Majesty

having signified his Pleasure, that the said Sentence should be carried into Execution, a Warrant is signed to put him to Death on Monday the 28th of this Month.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England;

A Petition of several of the Fiotestant Dissenting Mi-

Vol. 17.

nifters of the Three Denominations in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of their Brethren: And also,

A Petition of the Protestant Dissenters in Shrewsbury, Militia, in the County of Salop: And also,

A Petition of the Protestant DilTcnting Ministers in Ditto, the County of Devon: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inha- Ditto, bitants, as well of the Church of England, as of the several Denominations of ProtestantDilfenters, being Freeholders or Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, that in the Bill, now depending before the House, for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, it may be proposed to enact, that the said Militia Forces shall be exercised upon the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday: And praying, That no Clause for such Purpose may pass inro a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Refcived, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Punishment night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Cheats. House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Cheats, and for the further preventing the Embezzlement of Goods and Apparel by those who are intruded with them; and for preventing Gaming in public Houses.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning ReguUtirg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the Marine House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Forct>*-Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Sir Richard Lyttelton reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put- Gate

ting in Execution an Act, made in the Jail Session of Road*.

Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate, called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole; and also of several Persons residing in and near the said Town and County of Poole-, and also the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole-, and also of several Persons interested and concerned in the Repair of the great Poll Road from Poole to Salisbury, directed to be amended by the said Act; were severally referred,

That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read th*

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Lyttelton have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

The said Act, of the last Session of Parliament, was produced to your Committee; and read. Then,

Sir Peter Thompson was examined; who said. That the said Act was, in many Particulars, defective: That the Gate erected at Highlay produces only about Eighteen Pounds a Year; and that it will be necessary to remove it; and that it will also be necessary to ered a Turnpike at the North End of the Town of Winbourn, near Warford Bridge, and another near the

g\j North

firitish

Fishery.

Spnlding High Bridge Road.

Turner's

Name.

17* — -18° Februarii. A. 1757.

North End of the Town of Cranbern, with proper Side Gates to each of them, and to add some further Exemptions from the Payment of Tolls to those in the former Act; and that Persons, who pay at Two Turnpikes in one Day, ought to be exempted from the Payment of any other Toil on the same Day:

That it is like wife neediary to appropriate the Money, to be raised by the former and the proposed Act, in certain Proportions, to be distinctly laid out in the Repair of the Roads on the North and South Sides of the River Stozuer; and also to make some Regulations as to the Meetings of the Trustees:

That separate Treasurers ought to be appointed for the Roads North and South of the River Stozver: and all Meetings of the Trustees for repairing the Roads in each of the said Districts, ought to be held on that Side the River, on which the Roads to which they relate shall lie:

That Persons, who pass through Poole and Ham Turnpikes, ought only to pay One Toll; and that a Clause will be necessary to oblige the Trustees, if, at any time hereafter, they shall lessen the Tolls, to reduce them in an equal Proportion at every Gate.

And then, when any Trustee, who is an Inhabitant of Poole, shall die 01 refuse to act, the Person elected in his llead ought to bean Inhabitant of the same Town.

Mr. Thomas Hyde confirmed the Evidence of Sir Peter Thompson in every Particular.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate, called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole: And that Sir Richard Lyttelton and Mr, Sandys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And 1 hen the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 18° die Februarii;

Anno 30° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757. Prayers.

/\ RDERED, That Sir John Philipps be added to the

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery, is referred.

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John Cuji reported from the Committee, to whom Stral£*e-the Bill for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing the common Fields and Grounds in the Manor of with-

in the Parish of Beckingham, in the County of coln; and for making a Compensation to , the Rector of the said Parish for the Glebe Lands and Tythes in Stragglethorpe aforesaid; was committed. That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fount) the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to Edyftoot whom the Bill for veiling the Estate and Interest late Lighth»fe. of Robert Cheatham Esquire deceased, in the Duties granted by certain Acts of Parliament, for maintaining a Lighthouse on the Edystone Rock, in Trustees, in Trust, ro mile Money, to be applied towards rebuilding the said Light-house, was committed, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-' ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunter, Mr. Vyner junior, L-ord George Manners, Mr. Chaplin, Lord Gage, Mr.

Sir John Cujt, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the honourable Adventurers of Deeping and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons living near, and frequently travelling through, the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Little-worth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey in

,the County of Northampton, adjoining the high Road there, is referred.

A Bill to enable Thomas Turner Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Payler, was read a Second time.

Rifolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Powell, Mr. Dodd, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Lord George

Manners, Mr. More, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bond, Mr.

IFalter, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Crajler, Mr. Finch, Mr. , Mr. Which cot,

Mr. Dicker, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Drax, Mr. Onslow, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. GWynne, Sir John Rushout, Mr.

Poore, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Torke, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hayes, S; r Lynch Cotton, Mr. Smith, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Aldworth, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Selwyn, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Co/ebrooke, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

The House being informed, That Submission had been Privilege, made, and Satisfaction given, to John Frederick Finney,

Esquire, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon Tuesday last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

An ingrafted Bill for confirming and establishing Two Trentliam several Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing hdofatt. Northwood Hanchurch Heath, and Toft Green, in the Manor and Parish of Trentliam, in the County of ford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and establishing Two several Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing North-ivood Hanchurch ITlath, and Toft Green, in the Manor and Parish of Trentliam, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom $h»r Hill the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- *oai pair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melhsham, through Googes Lane, Corfiam, Bidestone, and West Yatton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Coombe, in the Parish of Castle Combe,

in

r

I'

ii f

u:

qK

i ;'

5

Shipftoa Toll Gate Road.

Militia.

Ditto.

Wolfhamp-

cotr,

kc.

lndofure.

Plymouth

Poor.

30 Geo. II.

in the County of Wills, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the tame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.%

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grofled.

Ordered, That Sir John Cujl be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 3d, and the other in the 17th, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called S hijft on Toll Gate, at Bridal own, in the Pari lb of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top erf Long Compton Hid, in the said County of Warwick; and alf) for repairing the Road leading from the Full Mile Stone (landing on the said Shipston Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Micklcton and Chipping Campden to a Place called Andover s Ford, in the County of Gloucester; is committed.

A Petition of the Protefrant Dissenting Ministers, and their Congregations, in the City of Bristol: And also,

A Petition of the ProteRant Ddienters of different Denominations in the City of Coventry,

Were severally prelenfed to the House, and read; praying. That, by the Bill now depending in the House lor the betta* ordering the Militia Forces in England^ it may not be enacted, that the said Militia Forces shall be exercised on the Lord’s Dav.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee of the whole Huu e, to whom the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part 01 Great Britain called* England, is committed.

A Billfor dividing and inclosingcertaincommonFields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, within the Parish of Woifhampcote, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bib be committed to Sir Edmund lfham, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Adore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Armilage, Mr. Smith, Sir John Cvft, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Powell Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Powney, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ridley, Mr Vernon, Mr. Wiikinson, Mr. Hanger, Mr. OJlaldefton, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Wigfey, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Gore, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Affleck, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, Leicester, and Lincoln; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Dicker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for erecting a Work-house in the Town and Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them Vol. 27.

719

there, was produced; and several Parts thereof were read.

A Journal of the Proceedings of the Court of Guar^ dians of the Poor of Plymouth was produced; and ieve-ral Parts thereof were read, whereby it appeared, that an Order was made for the Clerk to bring in an Account of what was collected and paid by the Oveileers of the Poor in the Parishes of Saint Andrew's and Charles in the Year 1702, in order to make the Poor’s Rate in the Year 1708 equal to that Year:

That it was reported by the Clerk, 30th March i 709, that the Rates collected in the said Parishes, in the said Year 1 702, amounted to £. 672. 15J* zd-

Mr. Thomas Coale, Clerk to the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, being examined, said, That he had seen the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, from the Year 1715 to 1748, and that they all amounted to the Sum of £. 672. i$s. 3d. and that the yearly Rate or Aflertment of £.672. i :s. zd. hath been annually raised pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; but that the said Sum has been found insufficient to answerthe Purposes intended by the said Act; and that several Sums' of Money have been borrowed at interest, amounting, in the Whole, to the Sum of£.1,200:

And that the Poor of the said Town and Parishes of Plymouth arc become very numerous, and burdensome to the said Town:

That the Expences of relieving and passing Vagrants were formerly allowed and reimbursed out of the County Rates, but that the same hath been discontinued for about Twenty-two Years !act pail:

That he was lent to the Sessions in MiJsummer 1749, to move the Sessions to be allowed the Money out of the County Rates, for passing of Vagrants; and that the Jutbces laid they had no Power to relieve them, as the Town of Plymouth had refused to pay their Quota of the Charge of support ng and maintaining the public Gaols and Holpitnls of the County of Devon.

Mr. Abraham Pyke, being examined, laid, That many of his Majesty’s S! ups of War are built, repaired, harboured, Rationed, and fitted out, and do rendezvous, in the Bay and Port of Plymouth; and that great Numbers of the Wives of Seamen who serve on board, or belong to, the said Ships, do daily resort to their Husbands in the said Port, from divers Parts of Great Britain and Ireland; and that great Numbers of Soldiers, sent to serve in his Majesty’s Army and Garrisons abroad, do frequently come to the said Town, in order to embark from thence to the respective Places of their Destination; and, upon their Departure, many of their Wives and Children remain and are left in the said Town in great Distreis, and are forced to beg lor their Suilenance, and do frequently commit Acts of Vagrancy, and are relieved and main- tained, and sent away by Vagrant Pafies, in order to be

conveyed to their several Homes and Piaccs of Settlement,

✓ 9

to the great Charge and F.xpence of the Corporation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Guardians of the Poor of the Town of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, to make an additional. Assessment for railing Money for discharging the Debts and Annuities borrowed and taken up in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her !nte Majesty Queen Anne, for erecting a Work-house for the Poor of the said Town; and for making better Provision for the Maintenance and Support of the said Charity for the future; and for other Purpoks there* in to be mentioned: And that Mr. Dicker and the Lord Barrington do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wtvs and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

18° Februarii.

Supply.

Earlltone

inclosure.

Irell

Navigation*

Tees of

Officer* of Court* tf Justkc.

720 18° — 210Februarii. . A. 1757.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the King of Prussia, signed at the 16th of January 1756, and Translation (which were presented to the House upon the nth Day of last) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a secret and separate Article belonging to the Treaty between his Majesty and the King oi Prussia, tigned at Wefmiujler, the 16th of January 1756, and Translation (which were presented to the House upon the nth Day of May last) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Declaration signed by the Plenipotentiaries of his Majesty and the King of Prussia, at Westminster, the 16th of January 1756, and

Translation (which were presented to the House upon the 1.3th Day of May last) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed-the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the ftme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, rl hat they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

LuMcCy 21* die Februarii;

Anno 30* Georgii II'1 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Sir Cecil Sir Thomas . Admiral Mofiyn, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Bouverie, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr. Edward Hubert, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bond, Sir James Creed, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common, open, and arable Fields, and wide Grounds, in the Manor of Earlftone, in the Parish of Burghcleare, in the County of Hants, is committed.

Ordered, That the Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Thomas Coventry, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Lee, Sir George Lee, Mr. Bacon, Sir William Irby, Mr. Charles Montagu, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Prod or, Mr. Morrice, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte', Mr. George Venables Vernon, Lord Carnarvon, Mr. Bull, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of leve-ral Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Bedford and,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

The House being informed. That Mr. Sharpe, Secretary to the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty’s Letters Patent to make a Survey of the Officers of the Courts of Justice in England and , and to inquire into their Fees, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty of the 14th Day of May last, in the last Session of Parliament, *5

N° 1. Copy of a Warrant of the principal Comttiissioners appointed by his Majesty’s Commission under the Great Seal for taking a Survey of the Officers of the Courts of Justice throughout England and Wales, and inquiring into their Fees, for the greater Expedition of the Matters committed to their Charge; and in pursuance of a Power given them by the said Commission, requeuing the Lord Chancellor to issue a Sub-Commission to Twelve Persons therein named, to inquire into the Officers, and their Fees, of the Courts held before the justices of Assize within the Home Circuit, and certify their Proceedings to the said principal Commissioners, dated the 2Cth of July 1734:

N° 2. Copy of a Warrant of the principal Commissioners, directed to the Lord Chancellor, to renew the said Sub-Commission for completing the Inquiry into the Officers and Fees of the said several Civil Law Courts, dated the 3d of April 1735:

N° 3. Copy of a Memorial of the principal Commissioners, to his Majesty, dating what Progre's they had made in the Inquiry; and, in regard their laid Commission would toon expire, proposing, in order to complete the Inquiry, that the said Commission might be renewed, and Two Years Time be allowed to return the fame, dated the 13th of January 1735:

N° 4. Copy of a Warrant of the principal Commissioners, directed to the Lord Chancellor, to renew the said Sub-Commission for completing the Inquiry into the Officers and Fees of the Court of Chancery; and for reierving Power to his Majesty, by Sign Manual, to enlarge the Time of the Return thereof; dated the 6th of July 1736:

N° 5. Copy of a Memorial of the principal Commissioners, to his Majesty, Rating their Proceedings; and propoling to his Majesty, that he would be plealed, by his Sign Manual, to enlarge the Return of Two of the said Sub-Commissions for completing the Inquiry into the Courts of King’s Bench and Common Pleas; and representing, that several of the principal Commissioners were deceased; and, in regard thereto, proposing to his Majesty, that he would be plealed to issue a new principal Commission, and that several new Commissioners anight be inserted therein; and as to such Persons were appointed Commissioners with the Addition of any Offices, that it might be to those Officers for the Time being; and that there might be allowed further Time for the Return of the new Commissions; and Power be reserved to his Majesty, by Sign Manual, further to enlarge the Time of the Return thereof; dated the 10th Day oiAugujl 1737:

N° 6. Copy of his Majesty’s Sign Manual for enlarging the Time of the Return of the principal Commission to the 25th of December 1741, dated the 23d of

1739 1

N° 7. Copy of the Report or Certificate of the principal Commissioners, to his Majesty, on the Officers of the Court of Chancery, their Service and Fees, dated the §th of November 1740:

N° 8. Copy of the Minutes of the several Proceedings of the said principal Commissioners:

N° 9. Copy of several Reports or Returns that were made to the said principal Commissioners, by the said Sub-Commissions for the Court of King’s Bench, the Firstof which bears Date the 3d Day of December 1733, and the last the 20th Day of June 1738, together with several Presentments of Juries sworn under that Commission to inquire into the Officers of the said Court ot King’s Bench, their Service and Fees:

N° 10. Copy of several Reports of the said Sub-Commissioners for the Court of Common Pleas, the First dated the I ft Day of December 1733, and the last the

29th. Day of November 1735, together with several Prc-lientments of Juries as to the Officers of that Court, their Service and Fees:

' N° 11. Copy of several Reports of the said Sub-Commissioners for the Court of Exchequer, the First dated the 30th of November 1733, and the last dated the

17th

30 Geo. II. u° Februarii. 721

17 th of May 1739, with Four several Preferments of Ju-

ries as to the Officers of that Court, their Service and Fees:

N° 12. Copy of a Report of the said Sub-Commissioners for the Courts held before the Justices of Assize wirhin the Home Circuit, dated 1735, with the Presentment of a Jury as to the Officers vt those Courts, their Service and Fees:

N° 1 j.Copy of Two several Reports of the said Sub-Commissioners for inquiring into the Officers, their Service and Fees, of the Court of Arches of the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Court of Admiralty, the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, the Court of Delegates, the Vicar General of the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Mailer of the Faculties, and the Consistory Court of the Bishop of London,<\ated the 25th Day of March and the 29th Day of November 1735, together with Eight several Present-

ments of Juries as to the Officers of these Courts, their Service and Fees:

Together with a List of the said Copies; and also a List of the Proceedings that have been had in relation to a Survey of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers, of the Courts of Justice in England and and an Inquiry

into their Fees; Copies whereof were laid before the House on the 27th Day of February 1733, in pursuance of their Address of the 28th of that Month.

And then he withdrew.

And the Lift of the said Copies was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies and Lifts arc preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Fees of The House being informed. That Mr. Howard, from ci»ni<-°v Commissioners for the Custotly 01 the Great Seal of ’ Great Britain, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, of the 14th Day of May last, in the last Session of Parliament, Two Books, containing Orders of the High Court of Chancery, relating to the Fees of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers, of the said Court, and other Regulations for the Benefit of the Suitors thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Books were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of many of the principal Inhabitants of the oa ' Parish of St. John's, Hackney, was presented to the House, and read, taking Notice, That aPetitionhasbeenpresented to the House, to have a Bridge built across the River Lea, and a Road of Communication madebetween the aforesaid Parish and several Parishes and Places lying on the other Side of Hackney Marsh; And praying, That the Petitioners may join in the said Petition, as they are well convinced, that, besides being a Benefit to the Public in general, it will likewise be a particular one to the Parish of St. John's, Hackney, aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and of W althaLow Layton, and Woodford, and Places adjacent, in the County of

Essex, is referred; And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Cotfejm, A Petition of Laurence Kington And also, tic. A Pet it ion of Phenicia Stump, Widow;

koads. Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Bill, depending in the House, for repairing, amending, and altering, a Road from the C.ross Keys at Blithers Bam, through Shot-

terwick, and other Places, to Rath will be a very great Detriment to the Petitioners Vol. 27.

Property: And therefore praying the House to take their Cafes into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Corsham, Corflnm, in the County of Wilts, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners are well ac- °* u quainted with the Road from the Cro/s Keys at Brickers Barn, through Rudleigh, Shotterwick, and other Places, to Bath Easton Bridge,; and that the Laws already in Force are sufficient for keeping’ the same (as it now is) in a perfect State of Repair: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Ditto, residing near the Road leading from the Cross Keys at Pickwick to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of merjet, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend the said Road is in many Places so narrow, that great Part of the Lands thereunto adjoining must be purchased and cut, in order to make the same passable; and that there is already a very good Turnpike Road leading from the said Cross Keys to Bath Easton Bridge, which has been made at a very great Expence: And therefore praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet: And that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called the Cross Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time; and that such of the said several Petitioners, as have petitioned to be heard by their Counsel, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their said several Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against such several Petitions.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom Markfield the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Road. Act, made in the 26th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zotich, in the same County, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Ti bomasPare, being examined, said, That Coals have been dearer since the passing of the said Act; and that the said Act hath proved ineffectual, and doth not answer the End thereby proposed, which was, that the said Town of Leicester, and its Neighbourhood, might be supplied with Coals at all Times and Seasonsat reasonable Rates.

That he knows the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Markfield, in the said County, over Charley otherwise Charnwood Forest, through the Town of tt>

and through Talbot Lane, and from thence to the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zmch, whery the Road comes in from Riley Lane near a Place called Snape Gate: That the said Road is very ruinous; and that there are large Stones lying in the lload, which makes it very unsafe for Carriages and Horses to pass through the feme; and that the greatest Part of the said Read is over a Forest, and, being extraparochial, there is no Statute-work done thereon; but the said Road may be easily repaired, as there

8 X are

Militia.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Sutton

ColdfirM

liclosure.

Hertford

Ko*d.

21 ° Februarii. 1757.

are sufficient Materials in or near the said Road for that Purpose.

Mr. John Wefily, being examined, said, That the said Road is very rough, ruinous, and stony, and that Carriages and Passengers cannot pals through the same with Safety, and that Part of the said Road is very narrow; and that the said Road cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless some Provision be made for raising of Money for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from Markfield Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley otherwise Charmvood Forefi, through the Town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Riley Lane, near a Place called Snape Gate: And that Mr. Wigley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Wright, and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Protestant Dissenters in the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop: And also,

A Petition of the Protestant Dissenters in the Town of Wem, in the County of Salop: And also,

A Petition of the Protestant Dissenters in the Town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, That in the Bill now depending before the House, for the Establishment of a national Militia, it may be proposed to enact, That the said Militia Forces shall be exercised on the Lord’s Day: And praying, That no Clause for such Purpose may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, is committed.

A Bill to impower the Warden and Society of the King’s Town of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, to giant Part of a Common called Sutton Coldfield Park, unto Simon Lultrell Esquire, and his Heirs, was read a Second time.

ReJo/vedy That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Morton, Mr. Torke, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hiiffey, Mr. VyncYy General Cornwallis, Mr. Medlycotty Mr. Wigley, Nlr, Pturner, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fane, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Lyfttr, Mr. Ldivndes, Mr. Prowfie, Mr. More, Mr. Olmius, Sir John Morgany Mr Fdlowes, Mr. Bones, Mr. Bathurfi, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Pitt, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Cartwright, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Walter, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Price, Mr. Waring, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Hill, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Lee, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Whittington, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Bond, Mr. White, Mr. Webb, Mr. Dicker, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bayntim, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Locke> Mr. Coventry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, Leicester, Stafford, Worcester, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the lown of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Wat ton, to Broadwater; and from the Town of Ware, through Walton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brajjey, Mr. Plamer, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. John Calvert, Sir John Pbi/ipps, Mr. Butler, Mr. Banytun, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bacon, Mr, Coventry, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Morton, Mr. Ridtey, Mr. H iikinfm, Mr. Lockyer, Sir William Culvert, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Turner, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Towns-22

/tend, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Fellewes, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hufifey, Mr. Yorkc, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Cufi, Mr. More, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Nicholson Calveu, Lord Downe, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Harrifion, Sir James Creed, Mr. Bclchier, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Rowney, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Walter? and'all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Thornton otherwise Bishop Thornton Moor, stinted Pasture, or Common, within the Manor of Bishop Thornton with Bishopfide, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkin-fin. Lord Downe, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Trifi, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Aifiabie, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Turner, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Page, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. PlumeTy Mr. More, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Lord Parker, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bond, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Crafter, Mr. Lee, Lord Verney, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Kent, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Colebrooke, Lord Euston, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Pi It, Mr. Fdlowes, Mr. Amcottsl Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Walter, Mr. Dicker, Mr. White, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Webb, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Wig-ley, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Torke, Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr. Coventry, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Alderman Baker, Lord Villiers, Mr. Moore, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Bristow, Colonel Honeywood, Mr. Myddellon, Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Vyner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Weji morel and, and Lane aft er; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red House, near Done after, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of If akefield, by Dezvsbury, High-town, and Lightcliff to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Township of Henfall, and from Pontefract to Went bridge in the Township of Dar-rington, in the West Riding of the County of York; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dozvne, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Ducket, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Pitt, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr. Alexander, Sir William Owen, Mr. Cocks, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Montagu, General Cotizvay, Mr. Bowes, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Feilowes, Mr. Craven, Mr. Dunccmbe, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Mr. More, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Rudge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sargent, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pye, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Jones, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Yorke, Sir Richard Lyttelton, Mr. Townfiiend, Lord Verney, Mr. Colleton, Lord Garys-fort, Mr. Lee, Mr. Rowney, Mr. A (feck, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bond, General Holmes, Mr. Gajhry, Lord How, Mr. Pinney, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Vernon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Pork, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, Westmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Manor of Fulford, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dozvne, Mr. Popham, Mr. Fdlowes, Mr. Buller, Lord Digby, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lfi ter, Mr* Phimer, Mr. Sandys, Mr* Montagu, Lord She/-

burne,

Thornton

Ir.cioluic.

Red House near

Doncaster

Road.

Fulford

incloh:re

3o Geo. IL 2i° Febmarii. 'Ji'i

fame, Mr. More, Sir John Glynn, Mr. MedJycott, Colonel Honey wood, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Amcotts,

' vSir John Citft, \lr. Lewis, S\r Henry Grey, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gajbrx, Mr. Jem ns, Mr. Jennifon, Lord Heritor of Scotland, Mr. IVebb, Mr. //w/Z, Mr. roller, Mr. Brijhiv, Mr. G^r?, Mr. P/7/, Mr. Town/-//end, Mr. Ruler, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Moore, Mr. Eger ton. Lord Robert Bertie; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, IVenmoreland, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Hill An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep-‘;i* ing in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of Melhsham, through Gouge's Lane, Corsham, Bidestone, and West 7 atton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish o* Castle Combe, in the County of Vats, was read the Third time.

Rejoived, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom ol Shave Hill, in the Parish of Melhsham, through Gouge's . Lane, Corsham, Bideftouc, and IVft Yattou, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Pupham do carry the Bill to the L ;rds, and desire their Concurrence.

Brand on A Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty,

a^e‘ of the Company of Conlcrvators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, was prelenud to the House, and read; taking notice, That a Petition ha- been presented to the House, for draining and preserving ce tam Lands bounded from the North Bank of Brandon River, about Two Furlongs below Redmore House, along the Twelve Foot Drain, to Stake Load, and along the said Load to a Dyke called Mott's Dyke, at the Corner of Felt well Common, and then by the said Dyke to Sam's Cut Drain, and along the South Side of the same Drain to the E id Bank of the River Ouze, and then along such Bank to Brandon Creek's End, and from thence along the North Bank ot Brandon River to the said Twelve Foot Drain: And alleging, that many Hundred Acres of Adventure Land lying within the said District are become vested in the Petitioners, which at present yield little or no Profit; and that it will be greatly for the Advantage of the said Corporation, that such inverted Linds should be sold for the best Prices that can be got for the fame, subject to the Taxes payable by the Acts of the 15th and 20th of Charles the Second: And therefore praying, That a Bill for draining the said Lands may pals into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be impowered to fell all the Adventure Lands vested in them, lying within the said District, and also to pay the Taxes which shall be imposed by such Bill upon the said inverted Lands, until the same shall be fold.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Eands and low Grounds in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens called the South Level is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling the Estate and Interest late of Robert Cheatham Esquire, deceased, in the Duties granted by certain Acts of Parliament for maintaining a Lighthouse on the Edystone Rock, in Trustees, in Trust, to raile Money to be applied toward* rebuilding the said Lighthouse, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Estate and Interest late of Robert Cheatham Esquire, deceased, in the Duties granted by certain Acts of Parliament for maintaining a Lighthouse on the Edystone Rock, in Trustees, in Tmft, to raise Money to be applied towards rebuilding the said Lighthouse.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the free British Fishery, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition; and had diredecl him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

N. B. T his Report waste-committed the 23d Instant, and reported 1 March.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Housebeing informed, That Mr. T’omkyns, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Pig and Bar Iron which have been imported from the British Colonies in America, from Christmas 1749, to 5 January 1756; distinguishing each Year and each Colony, and how much in Pig and how much in Bar: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into England from foreign Countries, from Christmas 1749, to 5 January 1756, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to; distinguishing each Country and each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accountsdo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of 6,544 Foot of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJel in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th of February 1757, to the 26th of April following, both inclusive, being 61 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of 5,726 Foot of the Troops of Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th of February 1757, to the 26th of Manh following, both inclusive, being 30 Days.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 6,544 Foot of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Caffe I, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th of February 1757, to the 16th of April following, both inclusive, being 61 Days.

! Numbers.

Pay of Eight Battalions of Foot ----- I 6,544

Pay of the General and Staff Officers ——

Pay of the Train of Artillery - - 1 -

L d.

19,701 19

897 1

2,260 8 11

War Office, February the 21 ft, 1757.

Barrinvttn.

Total

I-

22,95;/ 10 2»

Edystone

.ighthouse.

British

Fishciy.

Accounts of Iron imported.

Estimate

of Foreign Troop i.

*724 2i° — 22 0 Febru1757*

EST IM A T E of the Charge of 5,726 Foot of the Troops of Hanover in the Pay of , from the

2jth of February 1757, to the 26th of March following, both inclusive, being 30 Days.

Pay of Eight Battalions of Foot ----- Pay of the General and Staff Officers ----- Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery - Pay of the Officers of the Hospital . 5,726 8,262 174 816 241 s. d. 10 — - 5 3 9 5 —

War Office, February Total the 21 ft, 1757. Barrington. 9.494 3 9

Supply.

Relating the Marine Forces.

Ways

and Mearu.

Supply.

Covfl.aui,

Ire.

RwUi.

Ordered, That the said Eftiraates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to assist him in forming and maintaining, during the present Year, an Army of Observation for the just and necessary Defence and Pre-fervation of his Majesty’s Electoral Dominions, and those of his Allies; and towards enabling his Majesty to fulfil his Engagements with the King of for the Se-

curity of the Empire against the Irruption of foreign Armies, and for the Support of the common Cause.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine contradicente.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s marine Forces, while on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hunter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hunter reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means forraifing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 2 2° die Februarii;

Anno 30® Georgii IP' Regis, 1757. Prayers.

<Y OHN Jacob Thomfons took the Oaths appointed, in

J order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of Richard Smith was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioner is informed a Bill now depending in the House for

altering, amending, and widening, the Road from the Cross Keys at Brickers Barn, through and

other Places, to Bath Easton Bridge; and that it is pro-poled to carry the same over divers valuable Lands belonging to the Petitioner, by which the same may be greatly injured/: And therefore praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to grant him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet; and that he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called the Cross Keys, otherwise BrickersBarn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset, be read a Second time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his said Petition, if he think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Ministers, and other Persons, of the Militia, several Congregations of Protestant Dissenters in the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf ol themselves, and the said Congregations, was presented to the House, and read; expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, That in the Bill now depending before the House, for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, it may be proposed to ena#, that the said Militia Forces shall be exercised upon the Lord’s Day; and submitting to the Consideration of the House: And praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, is committed.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty’s Wy Navy, as it Hood at Christtnaslaft, be laid before this Debt.

House.

Mr. Hunter, according to Order, reported from the Reeu!jt;llt Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Marine the Regulation of his Majesty’s marine Forces, while Forces, on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary Pitt pie fen ted to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Extra# of a Letter from Major General to

Sir Thomas Robinj'on, dated IVilHamJburgh, 18th March 1755:

Extra# of a Letter from Major General Braddock to Sir Thomas Robirfcn, dated Alexandria, 19th April J75J:

Extra#

Papers

reflecting

victualling

Americas

Forces.

1

30 Geo. II.

12* Februariu

7*5

Extract of a Letter from Major General to

Sir Thomas Robinson, dated Fort Cumberland at Will's

Creek, 5th June 1755:

Extrait of a Letter from Major General Shirley to Sir Thomas Robinson, dated Camp at Oswego, September 19th *755:

Extract of a Letter from Major General Shirley to Sir Thomas Robinson, dated Camp at September

38th, 1755:

Extrait of a Council of War held al Oswego, on Lake Ontario, dated 27th September 1755:

Extrait of a Letter from Major General Shirley to Sir Thomas Robinson, dated York, September 19th,

1755:

Extrait of a Letter from Major General Shirley to Mr. Fox, dated Albany, May 6th, 1756:

Extrait of a Letter from Major General Shirley to Mr. Fox, dated Albany, May 7th, 1756:

' Extrait of the Minutes of a Council of War held at Albany,25 th May 1756:

Extrait of a Letter from Major General Shirley to Mr. Secretary Fox, dated New Fork, July 4th 1756; inclosing,

Extrait of a Letter from Governor Shirley to Major General Abercrombie, dated June 27th, 1756: Extrait of a Letter from Governor Shirley to Mr. Fox, dated Boston, September 5th, 1756:

Extrait of a Letter from Major General Shirley to Mr. Fox, dated Boflou, September16th, 1756} inclosing.

Copy of the Deposition of John Murray Esquire, concerning the Dispute about Provisions for his Majesty’s 44th Regiment, dated September 4th, 1756: Extrait of a Letter from Captain Bradjlreet to Major General Shirley, dated Albany, 16th 1756:

Extrait of a Letter from Captain Bradstreet to Major General Shirley, dated Albany, July 24th, 1756:

State of the Dispute concerning the Provisions for transporting the 44th Regiment to Oswego, and the true Caute of the Delay of its Embarkation:

Extrait of a Letter from Governor De Laney to Sir Thomas Robinson, dated New York, August 7th 1755: Extrait of a Letter from Governor Hardy to Sir Thomas Robinson, dated New Fork, November 27th 1755 j inclosi ng,

Extrait of Minutes of a Council of War held at Lake George, 12th October 1755;

Extract of Minutes of a Council of War held at Lake George, 21st October 175 5:

Extrait of a Letter from Mr. Pitcher to Mr. Secretary Fox, dated New York, April 29th, 1756:

Extrait of a Letter from the Earl of Loudoun to Mr. Fox, dated Albany, August 19th, 1756; inclosing.

Extract of a Letter from Major General Abercrombie to the Earl of Loudoun, dated Albany, August 3d, 1756: Copy of General Shirley's Instructions to Lieutenant Colonel Bradstreet, March 17th, 1756:

Extrait of a Letter from Captain Broadley' to Major General Shirley, dated Oswego, July 7th, 1756: Extrait of a Letter from Patrick Mackellar to James Montrefor Esquire, dated Fort William, May' 1 ft, 1756: -

Extrait of a Letter from Major General Shirley to the Earl of Loudoun, dated Boston, August 10th, 1756, with the Earl of Loudoun'sRethereupon:

Extrait of a Letter from the Earl of Loudoun to Mr. Fox, dated Albany, August21 ft, 17564 inclosing, , Extrait of a Letter front Colonel Mercer to Captain' Williams, dated January24th, 1756:

Copy of a Letter from Colonel Mefcer to' Captain Williams, dated Oswego, 14th March 1756; t

Extrait of Intelligence from Ofwegay dated 21 ft, 1756: r. Extrait of a Letter from the Earl of Loudoun to Mr;' Fox, dated Albany, August29th, 1756:

Extrait of a Letter from the Earl of Loudoun to Mr. ’ Secretary Fox, dated Albany, October 3d, 1756; incloi-

inS» .

VOL. 27.

Extrait of a Letter from Major General to the Earl of Loudoun, dated Boston, September 4th, 1756; Copy of Proposals to New England Commissioners to take their Provisions, dated, Albany, September nth, 1756:

Extrait of a Letter from the Earl of Loudoun to Governor Fitch, dated Albany, September 13, 1736: Extract of a Letter from Governor to the Earl of Loudoun, dated Hartford, September 20th, 1756: Extrait of a Letter from the Earl of Loudoun to John Osborne Esquire, Chairman of the Committee of War at Boston, dated Albany, 13th September 1756; Vote of the Council of M September a ill, 1756:

Extrait of the Committee of War at Boston s Answer to the Earl of Loudoun's Letter to them of the 13th September 1756,dated Boston, lift. September 1756;

Extrait of a Letter from Mr. Ralph G. Waldo to Mr. Christopher Kilby, dated Fort William Henry, 2d September 1756:

Extract of a Letter from Colonel Mercer to Captain Williams, dated Oswego, February 22, 17 56;

Extract of a Letter from Colonel Mercer to Captain Williams, dated Oswego, March 23d, 1756:

Extract of a Letter from Colonel Mercer to Captain Williams, dated Oswego, March 30, 1756:

Extrait of a Letter from Captain Williams to Colonel Mercer, January 3 ift, 1756:

Copy of Captain Williams's Memorial to the Earl of Loudouft, August 18th, 1756;

Copy of Captain William Williams's Account, from 22d November 1755, to the 10th June 1736:

Colonel Bradstreet's Account of riding 1 ft Trip, 17 56, N* A:

A Lift of my Men that went to Oswego after the Delivery of my Accounts in November to Mr. Alexander, 1755, N*B:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Alexander to Captain Williams, dated Oswego, 17 October 1755, N* C:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Alexander to Captain Williams, Oswego, September 7, 1733, N" D

Copy of a Letter from Major General Shirley to Captain William Williams, Oswego, 11 September 1735, N* E:

Copy of a Letter from Mr, Alexander to Captain William Williams, N" F:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Alexander to Captain Williams, Oswego, August 26, 1755, N* G:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Alexander to Captain William Williams, Oswego, September 1 x, 1733, N° H: Copy of Major General Shirley's Instructions to Captain William Williams, August 12, 1735:

Copy of General Shirley's Instructions to Captain #7/-' Bam Williams, October29,1755:

Copy of Captain Williams’s Information what occasioned the Want of Provisions at Oswego, , September 10, 1756: ,

Extract of Mr. James Reade's Examination,

September 15, 1736:

Extract of Mr. George Derns Report of the State of Oswego,'on the 28 th of May 1736;

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Commissary. Leake to the; Earl of Loudoun, Albany, October 2, 1756: ,

Extract . of a Letter from the Earl of Loudoun to Mr. Secretary Fox, dated Albany, November 22, and New York, Decembera6, 1736:

Extrait of the Information of Captain John Vickers, of the 30th Regiment, dated New York, January 4th, ij$7:

Extrait of the Evidence df John Henry Lydius Esquire, Albany, September 31, 1736:

Extrait of a Letter from Mr. Francis Lewis to William Alexander Esquire, Oswego, July 22d, 1756. Together with a List of the said Papers.

Mr. Secretary Pittalio pretented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

8 Y Copy

Paper*

receding

victualling

American

Forcea.

Paper*

rH'pcAin

Jamaica

Ptpen

respeifting

Jamaica.

7 26 2 2°-----130

Copy of the Petiflon to his Majesty of Thomas Beach Esquire, J-itc Attorney General in , upon his be-

ing suspended from the said Office by Charles Knowles Esquire, late Governor of the said Island: And also.

Copy of the Petition to his Majesty of Rose Fuller Esquire, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court in the Island of Jamaica, and of John Ay and William

Esquires, Assistant Judges, upon a Proclamation being issued against them by the Governor of the said Island.

Then the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said first-mentioned Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Then the Titles of the Copies of the said Petitions were read.

Ordered, That the Copies of the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March Jail, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of

The laid Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 1 yth Day of March last, in the last; Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers, and of the other Papers this Day referred to the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England;

A Petition of the Corporation and Inhabitants of the Borough of Wartham, in the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, that in the Bill, now depending before the House, for the better ordering of the Militia Forces, it may be pmpoied to enact, that the said Militia Forces shall be exercised upon Sundays: And praying, That no Clause for such Purpose may pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Tatter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had made iome Prog refs in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said BiO.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornings Nine of the Clock.

Februariu . 1757.

Mercurii,23* die;

Anno 30* Georgii IP* Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

SI R William Beauchamp ProElor reported from the Krv Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Tunstall BnJfe of Old Brentford \in the County of Middlesex, Gentle-

man, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as follower h; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Clive, being examined, said. That Mr. Tunstall is Owner and Occupier of the Ferry called the Ferry, between Old Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and the End of the King’s Garden at Richmond, in the County of Surrey.

James Clitheroe Esquire, being examined, said. That it would be of great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Counties, and to all other Persons that have Occasion to pals over the said Ferry, if a Bridge was built at the said Ferry, or as near westward thereto, as may be consistent with the Preservation of the Navigation of the River Thames.

Richard Laleward Esquire, being examined, said. That

he has Occasion frequently to pals over the said Ferry:

That, some time since, his Coach was overturned, by which Accident Two of his Horses were drowned; ar.j that he thinks, in general, there are great Delays and Damages happen at Ferries.

Mr. Tunstall, attending, informed your Committee of his Intention of building such Bridge at his own Expence, upon having a reasonable Toll, which he proposes shall be, in many Articles, lower than the present Ferry.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from Old Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, at a certain Place called Kew Ferry, or the Horse Ferry, or as near thereto west-ward as conveniently may be: And that Sir William Beauchamp ProSior, Mr. Cooke, the Lord Henry Beauclerk, Mr. Budgen, and Mr. George Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Iriha- Market, bitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviour in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-reded him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House;and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Act A ft, made in the a8th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to prevent the holding of any Market for the future in the high Street in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey: And also,

An Act, made in the feme Year, to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and inhabitants, of the Parish of St.

Saviour, in the Borough cf Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough; were in Part read.

Mr. Caivtrhy, being examined, informed your Committee, That some Doubts have arisen concerning the Description, Extent, and Limits, of the Piece of Ground described in the last mentioned Act for erecting the said Market on; wherefore the Petitioners are desirous that the Description of the Ground whereon the said Market is, or is to be, erected, may comp rife the Grounds an4 Buildings following; that is to fey, the Spot called the Triangle, and all the Buildings thereon, all rbe Buildings

go Geo. If. i^Februarii. 727

and Ground from the Warehouse of Mr. Wagg Hop Merchant, near adjoining to the Turnstilein the said last mentioned Act described, abutting Eastward on Three Crown Court, including the West Side of the said Court, to a Piece of Ground called Kirby Court, in Fowk Lane, together with Kirby Court, and the Buildings therein; and also all the Buildings and Ground lying between the said Triangle and a Place called Rochester Yard; and also the Buildings and Ground In Rochester Yard, the Buildings and Ground lying between Yard, Stoney Street,

and Winchester Yard; and also the vacant Piece of Ground lying at the Corner of Stony Street and Dead-vian's Place, commonly called the Harrow Corner; all which Ground and Buildings, he laid, is necessary for erecting and holding the said Market:

That the Sessions of the Peace, and the adjournments thereof, are generally held at aconsiderable Distance from Southwark, whereby it is found very inconvenient to impanel and charge a Jury to let a Value on the Lands and Tenements to be purchased for the Purpose of making the said Market; and that it is thought necessary that the Commissioners, named in the Act, may be enabled to directs Precepts to the Sheriff to summon and return a Jury before them for that Purpose:

That the Power of making and levying the Rate appointed by the said last-ment toned Act is insufficient, there being no Power of Distress given thereby to recover the fame; and that it is absolutely necessary for the carrying the said Act into Execution, that the said several Defeats , should be supplied, and some further Powers given.

Then Mr. Thomas W laid before your Committee, an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Commissioners, upon account of the said Market; whereby i appeared, that the Sum of £. 910 9 1 {d. has been

expended more than received by virtue of the said Act.

And he informed your Committee, that the said Market cannot be completed, unless Powers are given to raise a further considerable Sum of Money.

Which Evidence was also confirmed by the said Mr. Calverley.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, O/erfeprs, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. , in the

Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough: And that Mr. Hammond, Mr. Budgen, and Mr. Bclchier, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

St. Luke’s Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom oor* the Bill for the ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for the better ordering and regulating the Poor in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Jwnaici Ordered, That Vice Admiral Knowles do, To-moroow Affair*. Sevennight, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers, which were prefenred to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, last, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and All'embly of Jamaica-, and also of Yol. 27.

the several other Papers, which have been referred to the ' laid Committee. ' '

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon Monday last, B-ittih was made by the Committee, to whom the Petition of f'i&try. the Society of the Free British Filbery was referred; be re-committed. '

Ordered, That the Cud Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

A Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Haif.pj Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1757.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command.

Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and unto the superannuated. Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1757: And also,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Larjd Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1757.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Estimate were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts and Estimate are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for naturalizing John Jacob Thomfons, was read Thorntons’ a Second time. Rat»

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Beauchamp Pro9or, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Charlton, Mr. More,

Sir John Cust, Mr. Bayntun. Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Nortkey, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Hewett, Mr.

Gajhry, Mr. White, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Olmius, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coventry,

Sir William Calvert, Mr. Ojbaldeston, Lord Mr. Calvert,'Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Colleton* Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bond, Mr. Sandys, Mr. , Mr.

George Onslow, Mr. Medlycoit, Sir John Turner, Mrs Cocks, Sir Robert Ladbroke, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Walter, Mr. Aldworth,

Mr. Brudencll, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Vyner Sir Wm, Meredith, Mr. Finch, Sir John Eltve/J, Mr. Digby,

Mr. Lee, Mr. Nugent: And they are to meet this Atter-doon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That ajl Committees be revived. Committed.

An ingrafted Bill for establishing and rendering effectual Straggle-certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing the common thorpe Fields and Grounds in the Manor'of Stragglethorpe, within Inclosure. the Parish of Beckmgham, in the county of ; and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish for the Glebe Lands and Tythes in Stragglethorpe aforesaid; was read the Third time.

Refobued, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing the common Fields and Grounds in the Manor of Stragglethorpe, within the Parish of Beckingham, in the County of Lincoln-, and for making a Compenfetion to the Rector of the said Parish for the Glebe Lands and Tythes in Stragglethorpe afore- laid.

Ordered, That Sir John Cust do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition

7*8

2 3° — 24° Februarii.

A- 1757-

Did illation a Petition of the several Farmers and Occupiers of

00 om* Land in the County of Suffolk: Andalfo,

Ditto. A Petition of the Landholders, Farmers, and Maltsters, inhabiting in the County of Suffolk, whole Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves, and other Landholders, Farmers, and Maltders, within the said County;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; alleging, that if the Bill, now depending in the House, to restrain the Distilling of Barley, Malt, and all other Grain whatsoever, for a limited Time, should pass into a Law, it will greatly prejudice the Petitioners, and others: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill to prohibit for a Time to be limited, the making of low Wines arid Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, be read the Third time.

Privilege. The House being informed, That Submission had been made, and Satisfaction given, to the honourable Sir

Ham Stanhope, a Member of this l louse, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon Thursday the Third Day of this instant February;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Co^m The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Beading of the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called the Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the Pari Ih of in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridie, in the County of Somerset:

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to end Mean*, jtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty-; ' -Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. ' The other Order-of the Day. being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whdle House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Ma-

jtfl-y;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 6,544 Foot of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cafftl, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 2$th of February.

1757, to the 26th of April following, both indufive, being 61 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 5,726 Foot of the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th of Febru 1757, to the 26th of , March following, both inclusive, being 30 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. '»

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chariton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they ’ had come to several Refutations, which they had directed him to report, whemthe House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow.

Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider iurtlier of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjoutned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 24.0 die Februarii \

Anno 50* Georgii IIi!i Regis, 1757. PltAVEJtS.

MR Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Pet ition of the Clothier*, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufacture of and

Places adjacent, in the County of on behalf of

themselves, and many Thousands more; and also the Petition of (he Clothiers, and other Manufacturers ot Bioad Cloth, in the Town of SheptonMallet, in the County of Somerset; and also the Petition of the Clothiers, and others employed in the Woollen'vlanufacture in the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wills, whole Names are thereunto subserbed; were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the First of the said Petit ions (no Person appearing before the Committee oft behalf of the Two other Petitions}; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. Ordered, That the (kid Report be re-committed toth$ Committee, to whom the said Petitions were referred: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Justices of Peace, Land-owners, Traders, and Inhabitants, of die County Palatine of Lawyer, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the 24th Year of his present Maje-fty’s Reign, for building a Bridge over the River Kibble, between the Townshipsof Prefion and Pen won ham, near a Place called the Fish House, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was in Part read. Then,

Mr. Nicholas Starkey, being examined, said. That he has frequently crofted the Fords in the said River: That they are very unsafe and bad; and that great Numbers of People have been loft in attempting to cross the said River, by reason of the drifting of the Fords:

That a Bridge was built in pursuance of the said Act, by voluntary Subscription of the Petitioners, and many others; which Bridge proved of very great Advantage to all Persons travelling that Way; and that no Toll was taken for passing over the said Bridge:

That, in the Beginning of September last, the whole Bridge fell down, except One Arch, called the Land Arch, occasioned, as is supposed, by some Defect in the Foundation.

And it was proved to your Committee, that, since the Falling of the said Bridge, a Person, well acquainted with the Fords, perished, with his Horse, in attempting to Cross the said River.

And Mr. Nicholas Starkey further said. That the Sum of £. 2,000 to be raised in Throe Years uporr the said County, with the old Materials, will be sufficient to rebuild and complete the said Bridge, with necessary Works for the Preservation thereof; and that the Toll, directed by the said Act for the future Repairs thereof, will be Very sufficient for that Purpose.

And he produced to your Committee, an Estimate and Rropolalfpr rebuilding and completing the said Bridge for the

CInthirn

K bnfc

»w

1

i.;

I ' E«(ham ! Roads.

U

*T

3° Geo. II. 24°

729

the Sum of£. 1,800; and the Contra&of to give suffi-

ci~nt Security to maintain and support the same for Yc rs.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Kibble, between the Town ships of P rest on and Pcnwortham, near a Place called the Fjh House, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that the Lord Strange and Mr, Fazaker/ey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Rtf out reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of rhemselves, and the rest of the Trustees, for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and the other in the Seventeenth Year of his laid present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, pasted in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, and for making the same more effectual; and also of several of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants, residing in and near the several Parishes, Towns, and Places, of Evesham, Benge-worth, IVickhamford, Bretferton, IV-1Jerf ex. Chipping Camp-den, Bourton on the Hill, Moretcn in Marsh, Fladbury, Norton, Harvington, Salford, Inkbarrow, Feckenham, Perf tore, Birlingham, Deford, Earl's Cromb, and Upton upon Severn, and others who frequently travel between Worcester and London, whose Names are also thereunto subscribed; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition: and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The laid Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Rhodes produced an Account, whereby it appeared, that £.2,000 has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, within the Evesham District; and that the same is still owing.

Mr. Robert Sitch, being examined, laid, That £. 800 is owing on the Credit of the Tolls in the P erf ore District. Then,

Mr. Rhodes and Mr. Sitch, being severally examined, said, The lolls and Money boi rowed have been duly applied in the Repair of the said Roads; and that great Progrelk has been made therein; but that Ionic Parts still remain in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired and supponed, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts are further enlarged.

Mr. William Phillips and Mr. John Clark, being severally examined, said, That they arc well acquainted with all the other Roads mentioned in the Petition, which are in many Places so deep and founderous, that, in the Winter SeaTon, they are almost impassable for Carriages, and, in many Places, narrow and incommodious; and that they cannot be repaired, widened, and supported, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Air. Sitch, being again examined, laid, That if the said Roads were repaired, it would be a great Advantage not only to Persons living near the said Roads, but to rlie Public in general, as it would open a Communication between several of the principal Towns in the Counties of Oxford, Worcester, Gloucester, and Warwick.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the First and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and Irom the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of VOL..27.

Worcester, arid in the Counties of Watwick and GIou-cester: And that Sir John Rushout, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thomas Coventry, and Mr. Rudge, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Lord Cary fort reported from the Committee, ta whom the Petition of several of die Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads between a Place called the White Pcft ori AJcon-bury Hill, and Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and between a Place called Norman Cross Hill, in the said County, to the City of Peterborough, in the County of Northampton; and for other Purposes. in the said Acts mentioned; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Robert Austin Esquire, produced an Act, made in the 13th Year of King George the First, for repairing the said Roads; and Part thereof being read, it appeared, that, upon the Death or Removal of any of the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, any Ten of the remaining Trustees were impowered to elect new Ones in their room, on giving Ten Days Notice of such new Election:

But by an Act, made in the Seventh Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for making the said last mentioned Act more effectual, it is provided, that, on the Death or Removal of any of the Trustees, new Ones are to be elected under the Hands and Seals of Ten of the remaining Trustees.-

And by an Act, made in the 24th Yrear of his present Majesty’s Reign, the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Act, made in the 13th Year of his late Majesty’s Reign, were appointed Trustees for putting the said Act in Execution; and the new Trustees were aur thorized to be elected by any Seven or more Trustees, at their public Meeting, by Writing under their Hands and Seals.

The laid Mr. Austin said, Doubts have arisen, whether the several Persons, who have acted as Trustees, were duly elected; and whether the Security for the Monies, which have been advanced and applied upon Account of the said Road, were duly executed:

That there is not in either of the said Acts any Power given to the Trustees to compe l their Officers, upon being removed from their Offices, to deliver up such Books and Papers relating to the Execution of the said Acts, as are in their Custody; nor is any Method prescribed with re-, spect to the Iummoning and holding the Meetings of the Trustees appointed to put the same in Execution; and that it is nccdlary the said Acts should be explained and amended, with rcipeft to the Matters aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring.in a Bill for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads between a Place called the White Post on Alconbury Hill, and IVan ford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and between Norman Cross Hill, in the said County, and the City of Peterborough, with respect: to the Elections of new Trustees, the Power of compelling Persons, employed by the Trustees in the Execution of such Acts, to deliver up Inch Books and Papers relating thereto, as are in their Custody; and also to the Manner of Iummoning and holding the Meetmgsof the Trustees: And that the Lord Carysjort. Mr. VelLwcs, and Mr. Edward Montague, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. IViglex preheated to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repairing and widening the Read from Markfeld Turnpike, in the County of Leicfler, over Charley, otherwise Charnzvood Fore ft, through the Town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane to where the Road leading irom the Town of Lw*hh)0it\h to the 'Town of Ashby de la Zonck, in the laid" County, comes in from Rylex Lane, near to a Place called Snape

S Z Gnu:

Altonbyry HI f Road.

]\L rkfield

Ko*(l.

Clothiers

Wagjcs.

730

Gate: And the same was received; and read the First tune.

Befthed, That the Bill be read a Second time. \

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, living near, and travelling, the Roads from , in

the County of Surrey, through Frimley, and

other Places, in the Counties of Surrey, Btrks, and Hants, to Hertford Bridge Hill, where the Basingstoke Turnpike terminates, in the County of Hants, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read, and is as followfeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the First and Twelfth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, were read, for repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Htuttflow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to a Place called Bafngsttne, near the Town of in the

Parish of Windtsham, in the County of Surrey,

Whereby it appeared, that the Road leading from Bagshot to a Place called the Golden ,is included

in the said Acts. Then,

James Gibb let, being examined, said. That he knows the Road from Bagshot to the Golden Farmer which is bad; and that nothing has been done towards the Re-

}>air of it, of late, by the Commissioners for putting the aid Acts in Execution; and that he believes they are not capable of doing it.

Mr. Thomas Tilbury and Mr. John Moore severally confirmed the Evidence given by the last Witness:

And they further said. That they knew the Road leading from Bagshot through , y and

other Places, to Hertford Bridge, which is in very bad Repair, and cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law:

And that, in Time of Floods, the Passage at Black-water is very dangerous.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of Hants-, and also the Road from Bagshot to a Place called the Golden Farmer t And that Mr. John Pkt and Mr. Thomas Coventry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the ‘Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers, and others employed in the Woollen Manufacture of -water, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more; and also the Petition of the Clothiers, and other Manufacturers of Broad Cloth in the Town of Mallet,

in the County of Somerset; and also the Petition of the Clothiers, arid others employed in the Woollen Manufacture, in the Borough of Chippenham, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were re* ferred. That the Committee had reconsidered the said Report j and had directed him to report the lame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

No Witnesses or Evidence were produced to make good the Allegations of either of the Two last Petitions: And, in Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Part of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, for the Explanation of the Statute made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, concerning Labourers, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Powers in the said Act were extended to rate the Wages of any Labourers, Weavers, Spinsters, >7

A. 1757.

Workmen, or Workwomen, whatsoever, either working by the Day, Week, Month, Year, or taking any Work at any Person or Persons Hands whatsoever, to be done in Great, or otherwise.

Part of another Act, passed in the 29th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, was allb read; whereby it appeared. That, from and after the 24th Day of June 1756, it should be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, assembled at arty of their General or Quarter Sessions held next after Michaelmas, yearly, to make Rates for the Payment of Wages to Weavers, and others employed in the Woollen Manufactures, according to the Number of Yards that the Chains are laid upon the Warping Bars, and not otherwise.

Mr. William Vallaway, being examined, said, That he is a Clothier at Stroudivater, and manufactures great Quantities of Broad Cloths:

That he never heard of any Rate for Wages being made by the Justices of the Peace, before the First Year of his present Majesty, when a Rate was made, of which he has l'een an attested Copy; but that it was a very different Rate from that made by the Justices at the last Michaelmas Sessions: That the said former Rate was never complied with, that he has heard of:

And being asked why r he said, The Trade could not be carried on under it.

He further laid, That a Petition was preferred by the Weavers to the Justices for GlonceflerJiiire, at their last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, held the 5th of October, praying, That they would proceed to make a Rate in pursuance of the Authority given them by the Statute of the 29th of his present Majesty: That a Counter Petition, or Memorial, was prefen ted to the Justices by the Clothiers; and the Merits of both Petitions were fully entered into, and Evidence examined on both Sides; after which the Justices gave it as their Opinions, that no equitable Rate could be made by the Hundred, or the Yard:

That the immediate Consequence of this was, that the Weavers appeared in a tumultuous manner, even before some of the Clothiers left Ghuc as they did in several other Parishes, viz. Stroud, Hampton, Bifley, and many other Places: That they committed great Outrages, and interrupted many of the Weavers that were desirous to work: That several of the Witnesses Weavers complained to him, that they were forced from their Looms by the Mob:

That these Disorders were a very great Impediment to Trade, and continued from first to last for Six or Seven Weeks; and verily believes, the Loss to the Country* from these Disturbances, was from £. 15 to f. 20,600.

That, at an Adjournment 01 the said Miihaeimas Quarter Sessions, which was held at Gloucester on the Sixth of November last, a Rate was made; which Rate was produced, and is hereunto annexed. Appendix, N° 1, but that the same is so formed as not to be complied with, without Prejudice to Trade in general:

And being asked his Reasons, he laid. That, by the Hundred and Yard, it was not possible to ascertain the true Value of Weaving; for many other Considerations were to be taken in; viz the Weight as well as the Number of Threads in the Chain or Warp, the Breadth that islet in the Loom, the Colour, the Fineness of the Abb, which is the Shoot that is wove into the Piece, the Size of the Threads, feme being as large again as others, according to the different Purposes for which the doth is intended; also the Colour, as well as the Quantity, of the Abb. These were his general Objections to the Rate: That he had particular Objections to the Rate; some of which were as follows:

That, under the Article of 1,200Threads to the Chain, he makes Four different Sorts of Cloth; each Piece containing the same Number of Yards; for which he uled to pay \-js.6d. lot. zis.and 22 6 per Piece, for

Weaving: That Three of the Sorts he makes in common, the other occasiooally: That this Rate obliges the

Clothiers

a 40 Februariu

30 Geo. II. 24 0 Februa731

Clothiers to pay zis. 6d. Piece for all Articles of

1,200 Threads to the Chain, without Distinction: That, in the Prices he used to pay, he believes as good Wages were earned at the lowed as the highed Price: That the highed Sort is what he makes the lead of; and the Length of these Goods is 30 Ells apiece.

Being asked, whence this Difference of Wages arose ? he said, From the different Sorts and Qualities of the Goods, and the different Purposes for which they were intended; some being Six Quarters, some Seven, and feme Eight, Quarters in Breadth: That if he is obliged to pay 22 j. 6 d.for that which he used to pay 17*. 6 it would be impossible for him to follow this Part of his Bud nets: That he had paid 17J. 6 per Piece for that particular Sort, for Two or Three Years: And being asked, whether the same Sort was made in his Neighbourhood ? he said. Very probably it was:

That he had carried on Business Ten Years, and had never varied in his Prices.

Being asked, by whom this Rate was settled? he said. He believed by some Clothiers and some Weavers.

He further Taid, That he made Goods confiding of 1,600 Threads in the Chain: That the Difference between the Price settled by this Rate for weaving a Piece of Goods of this Number of Threads in the Chain, and what he formerly paid, is 7 s. 6d.per Piece, or £.23 per Cent, to his Prejudice:

That, by the Cudom of the Country, every Hundred of the Chain confids of One hundred and NinetyThreads; and that a Bear is One-fifth of >90 Threads, or One hundred of the Chain: That for a Piece of Cloth of Eleven hundred and Two Bears (or Two-fifths of a Hundred) in the Chain, 45 Yards in Length, which, when milled, is to be Seven Quarters in Breadth, he is to pay, by this Kate, 18$. 9 d.for the Weaving: If he was to make a Cloth of the same Sort, and the same Length, Eight Quarters wide, there ought to be an Addition of One-seventh in the Price of Weaving, which would make it 5 per Piece; but, according to this Rate, an Addition of One-seventh Part of the Chain will bring it under the Article of’1,300 in the Chain; for which, by the Rate, he mud pay 25 3d. per Piece for the Weaving; which ought to be, according to the foregoing Proportion, but 21 5

And that if he should make a Cloth of the same Sort and Length, for Nine Quarters wide, which is a Cloth now greatly in Demand, that would be 1,400, and Three Bears, in the Chain; for which, according to the above Proportion (viz.adding Two-sevenths to the Price of weaving a Cloth of Seven Quarters wide), he ought to pay £. 1. 4J. id; whereas, by this Rate, he is obliged to pay

£. 1. 11 s 1 o' d. or thereabouts:

That, in some Sorts of Cloth, if he was to pay his Weavers according to the Letters of this Rate, he should pay them from £.20 to £.30 per Cent, and above, less than what he usually has paid, and does now pay, them for those Sort of Goods; in one Indance, particularly, he pays them £.\. is. id. per Piece weaving, which, accord-

ing to the Rates, comes only to 1 id. per Piece.

Being asked the Question, he said. He made from superfine to very low-priced Cloths; and that a Cloth of the same Hundred in the Chain may be worth One-fourth more in the Labour of Weaving than another: That he believes it impossible to form a Rate to get over thel'e Difficulties:

That one Workman will make the same Cloth much more valuable than another with the same Materials, by the Difference of his Work:

That a good indudrious Weaver, with his Wife and one Child, with full Employ, can earn from 13*. to i8r. per Week, with one Loom:

That he thinks it impossible to make an equal Rate by the Breadth of the Cloth:

That he never heard of any Rate being made for the Wages of Workmen in the Woollen Manufacture, in any other County of England:

That the Peace of the County was redored soon after the making of the Rate; but that the Soldiers were then V01. 27.

quartered there; and believes, if they were gone* the like Outrages will be renewed:

That these Disputes affect every Branch of the Manufacture.

Mr. 'Thomas Powell,a Broad Cloth Weaver, being examined, laid, That he employs Two Looms, One for Mr. Onifephorus Paul, and the other for Mr. Thomas Roberts's Work:

That he can earn at one Loom, with an Apprentice, from i6j. to 18 j. a Week: That if the Apprentice has wove for Five or Six Years, can earn with one Loom Three Shillings in 13 or 16 Hours; and that, in general Weavers, if they are not idle and unskilful, may earn a comfortable Livelihood.

And being asked the Question, said, That he did not think the Rate an equitable One, as the Weavers cannot earn so much by 6 d.a Day upon some Sort of Work a’s on others of the same Hundred Threads in the Chain.

And he apprehends, that if it was left open fot Clothiers and Weavers to make their own Bargains, it would be more advantageous for the Trade in general; and if the Clothiers were to make their own Rate, and abide by it, it would make very well for the Weavers Trade.

And being asked the Question, fa id, He thought ho equitable Rate could be made, on account of the Difference of the Breadth of Cloth, and the Allowance that mud be made for the Difference in the Weight of the Thread:

That he works upon the middling Sort of Work for Mr. Roberts: That the Weavers are, in general, better paid by this Rate; but, for some Work in the Trade, are worle paid than before: That he has worked for the above Gentlemen about 20 Years, and always had the same Prices for his Work:

That if a Rate should be made agreeable to the Weavers, it would certainly transfer the Work to other Counties:

That the Persons he works for employ a great many Weavers, and pay them the same Prices for the same Kind of Work; and that it is usual to make Agreements with the Maders.

Lazarus Brown, a Broad Cloth Weaver, being examine ed, said, That he works for Mr. Nathanael , and employs one Loom; and that, with a Boy, he can earn from 16s. to 18/.per Week.

Being asked the Question, he said, That a Journeyman Weaver, if he has Work, may earn 1 in a Day of 14 Hours, including Meals, which he thinks Money enough; and that the Mai ter Weavers allow thenvPrivilege, which is small Beer, Lodging and Firing, which is reckoned at One Shilling a Week more.

Samuel Hopkins, a Journeyman Broad Cloth Weaver, being examined, laid, He works upon Mr. Roberts's Work; and that he can earn, if he is condantly employed. One Shilling a Day of 14 or 13 Hours; and that they have Privilege over and above, which is worth One Shilling a Week more:

And that if lie works close, can earn One Penny per Hour: That any Journeyman, who is a good Workman, can earn at that Rate.

Michael Harmer, a Journeyman Broad Cloth Weaver, being examined, laid, He works for Mr. Peach, and has been a Journey mat) Weaver for 30 Years: That he can earn 6j. a Week, working 14 Hours a Day; and has, over and above that, final! Beer and Lodging, which is worth is. per Week more; and that he has always, during the 30 Years lie has been Journeyman, been paid the same Wages.

Whereupon the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

ReJoJved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners, the Clothiers anil others employed in the Woollen Manufacture of Stroud water, and Places adjacent, in the County of (.lon behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more, have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to

a in; 11J

Clothier*

Wages.

{j

Clothiers

Wages.

732

amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said

1757

late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture; and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in cale of Payment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other manner than in Money.

2 40 Februarii.

APPENDIX, N* I.

Gloucestershire To wit, )

Michaelmas Sessions, 1756.

THE Table or Scheme for Rates of Wages to be paid the Woollen Broad Cloth Weavers within the said County, as made and settled in Court at an Adjournment of the above-mentioned Sessions holden at the Booth Hall in Gloucester, for the County aforesaid, on Saturday the 6th Day of November, in the Year of our Lord 1756, before Thomas Hayzvard', William Bell, Giles Gardner, Thomas Bush, Kings cote, John Guise, Esquires, and others

their Companions, his Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County; viz.

Threads.

i r 900

& 1,000

I /1,100

| ] L200

| I

| 11,400

W age*.

J. d.

►s ' Boo - - -900 (if Russet ~ 4

c oil *s> > Naps) - - _ 4

900 - - - — 4r

1,000 - - - " 5*

3 1,100 - - -(_ 1,200 - - - — 5i — 6,0

c

Threads.

'"1,500 - - - -1,500(if6 dv. or

nish Shot upon it) i,50o(ifftriped Lift) 1,600 - -

Wage*.

J. d.

— 8 1 1

1 ? c

— 9f' *c»

— 10 l p c

— 10 "i iJ

) 1 - J 1 " 1

X

— 71* JO 4>

— 81 1 U

— tfi 1 C c £ 3 JO

I #* c U

Threads.

" 1,7°° 1,800 1,900 2,000 2,100 2,200

Wages.

s. d.

I 3h

I 4 J

If either of the above Articles is warped Three Bears higher, the Clothier is to give One Halfpenny more for every One Yard and a Half to 1,500 of Threads, and One Penny more for every One Yard and a Half for all above 1,500.

All Warp lized in the Skain the Clothier is to pay One Penny extraordinary for every One Yard and a Half, if the Weaving of such One Yard and a Half comes to One Shilling, and upwards; and if the Weaving of such One Yard and a Half comes to less than One Shilling, then the Clothier is to pay Three Farthings extraordinary for every One Yard and a Half.

N. B. Every Hundred is to contain One hundred and Ninety' Threads, and no more.

Threads.

-3 (4 or 500

.25 5 #5 or 600

s. d. Threads. s. d. Threads S.d.

- - - 4) , 2? 1 la! [6 or 700 - - - — S'- ^8 or 900 - — 6

1 1 1 or < F 2. r\ C > p or 800 - - - - s\SU 5*, (9 or O O O - —

N. B. The Warp is supposed to be made into white or striped Lift Cloths; but in case they are made Stop Lifts, then One Shilling more is to be allowed for weaving each Piece; and it Three Bears over and above any Hundred, to be paid for as Halt a Hundred.

If Irish Warp or Abb is made use of in the Cloths, then the Sum of Two Shillings extraordinary is to be allowed for the weaving of each Piece; but in case the Chain only, or Part of tire Chain, is Irish, no more than One Shilling extraordinary is to be allowed for weaving such Piece.

In case Cloths are made with Yam that is higher than what is called Second Yarn, then One Shilling extraordinary is to be allowed for weaving it.

The Three First of the above Articles (in regard to the clayed Work) are supposed to be Chains on which coarle Wool or Pinion Abb is wove; but in order to keep up the Quality and Goodnels of the Cloths, and put it upon an Equality as near as possible, and to prevent the Clothiers from lowering the Bears of the Chains, in case Second Woo! Abb or fine Pinion Abb is wove on any of the above Chains, then the Clothier is to pay Five Pence Farthing for every One Yard and a Half for weaving the lame.

In case either Irish Abb is wove upon a Chain that is made of am, or if Abb is wove upon a

Chain that is made of Irish Yarn, then, in either of such Cases, the Clothier is to pay One Shilling more fur weaving.

It is ordered by this Court, That the Clerk of the Peace do cause a fuftlcient Number of the above Rates to be forthwith printed, and distributed to all the High Constables of the several 1 kindreds in this County, who . are hereby also ordered and required to fend a Copy thereof to the several petty Constables ot every Parish and Tythings within their respective Hundred, in order to fix the same upon the Door of their Parish Church or Chapel within their respective Jurisdictions, within Twenty Days from the Date* hereof, according to the . Directions of an Act of Parliament in that same lately made and provided.

ITouitg, Clerk, of the Peace.

’ O dtred.

Supply.

Distillntion from Corn.

Jnma'ca

Affairs.

30 Geo. II. 24 Februar733

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his pr.sent Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in calc of Payment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other manner than in Money: And that Mr.

Jbn Calvert, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Sir Charles

Tynte, Mr, Nor they, Mr. Elliand Mr. John , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refjived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Four hundred Ninety-four Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Five thousand Seven hundred Twenty-six Foot, with the General and Staff Officers, the Train of Artillery, and Officers of the Hospital, the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25 th of 1757, to

the 26 th of March following, both inclusive.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Nine hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence Half-penny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Six thousand Five hundred Forty-four Foot, with the General and Staff Officer?, and Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Cassel. in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th of February 1757, to the 26th of April following, both inclusive.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question feveially put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill to prohibit, for a Time to be limited, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for pleading the General Issue:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

And then the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by w ay of Rider.

A Motion was made, That the Bill do pass:

And a Debate anting in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

it passed in the Negative.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit, f or a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hunter, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of the Petition of Esquire,

Register of the Court of Vice Admiralty in the Wand of Jamaica, to the right honourable the Lords CorrvHuihoa-trs '1 the Admiralty.

V ol. 27.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy be referred to the’Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Da\$of February, and the 17th Day of Mar, last, in the fall Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor,

Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petit ion of the Protestant Diffcnters at Kidderminf.tr, Militia, in the County of fVorcester, was presented to the House, and read: praying, That in the Bill now depending before the House, for the better ordering of the Militia Forces,

Sunday may not be the Day appointed for exercising the said Militia Forces.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

The House was moved, That the Order of Tuefdag Jamaica last, for the House torefolve itself into a Committee of Affairs, the whole House, upon this Day Sevennight, to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the Ucrufe upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, last, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee; might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Sevennight, refbive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers.

Ordered, That Vice Admiral K do then attend the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Punishment resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon of Cheat*, the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Cheats j and for the further preventing the Imbezzlement of Goods and Apparel by those who are intruded with them; and for preventing Gaming in public Houses;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, the 8th Day of March next, resolve itself into a.

Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Miliu*. whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that lie was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

9 A

734

250 Februarii. '757-

hut that nofuchprinted Vote's or Minuies of Assemblvlud Venerisy 25 die Februarii; yet been received at the Oi'hce of the said Commissioners.

Anno 30° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757.

Reading

to

Basingstoke

Road.

Prayers.

1i ,/f R. Dodd reported from the Committee, to whom IV A the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, and the other in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Crown in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfie/dand in the several

Counties of Berks, IVUts, and Southampton, to,

in the said County of Southampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the last of the said Acts was read: Then,

Mr. Peter Henncll produced to your Committee, an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements on account of the said Roads, for Six Years last past; whereby it appears, that there is no more than £.114. 2j. 4 remaining in Hand towards defraying all extraordinary Expences, and keeping the said Roads in Repair.

And he gave Evidence, That the said Roads cannot be elsedually repaired and kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tells be repaid, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts are further continued, and the said Acts made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament one passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, and the other in the 9th Year of the Reigr. of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Crown Corin the Town of Read-

ing, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shin-field and Heckfield, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton: And that Mr. Dodd and Mr. Colleton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Halftone Mr. Webb reported from the Committee, to whom inclosure. the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common open, and arable, Fields, and waste Grounds, in the Manor of Earlfione, in the Parish of Burghcleare, in the County of Hants, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Jamaica Mr. O/wald, from the Commissioners for Trade and Affair*. Plantations, acquainted the House, That the said Commissioners lud received his Majesty’s Orders for laying before this House, pursuant to their Addresses to his Majesty of the 14th and 16th Instant, the printed Votes of the Assembly of Jamaica, of the 7th of 1756;

and allb a Copy of the Minutes of the Third Assembly of the Wand of Jamaica, held by Governor Knowles, which was dissolved on or about the 24th January 1755;

The Lord Royfion reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons wl ole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying within the Bounds and Precincts of the several Townships or Han.lets ol March and mldington,

and in the Parish of UpiveH, within the of in the County of Cambridge, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Landowners there, was referred/That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Waddington, being examined, laid. That he knows the low Grounds, Commons, and Fen Lands, lying within the said Bounds and Precincts: That they are overflowed at present, which renders them of but little Value: That they consist of between 10 and it,000 Acres; and are capable of being improved to Three times their present Value, if the Proprietors were enabled by Act of Parliament to drain thfcm.

Mr. John Matthews, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Waddington.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of in the

of Ely and County of Cambridge And that the Lord Royfion, Mr. Oswald, and the Marquis of Granby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Niche/fon Calvert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of Payment of tire Workmen’s Wages in any other manner than in Money: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high Road leading from the North End of the Cow Causey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of Northumberland, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to, the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty was read: And,

William Bigg Esquire, being examined, said, That he remembers the Road at the time of the passing the said Act, which was then in a very ruinous Condition.

And he produced to your Committee an Account of the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which amounted to £.9,920. ox. o principal Money, and £.404, iof. od.Interest due thereupon.

Msrch,

*1.

Druiud^c.

Cl "tly.fr*

Cow

C*vfey

Read*.

Rve and Dover Harbours.

SclTag of C 01 ii by Weight, &c.

Frvo-s

Marllon

luclosure.

30 Geo. II. 250 Febrmrii.

735

He also produced to your Committee a Lease of the said Tolls granted by the said Trustees for the annual Rent of £.760.

And by the Account of Disbursements on account of the said Road, produced also to your Committee, it appeared, that the Expence thereof, for the Year ending the 20th of June 1756, was And he

added,;

That the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Roads repaired, without an- Increaleof the Tolls, and an Enlargement of the Term granted by the former Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high Road leading from the North End of the Cow Causey, near the Town of Net upon to the Town of Beljord, and from thence to Burn, in the County of NorthAnd that Mr.

Ridley, Sir Walter B/acket, Sir William Middleton, Sir Henry Grey, and Mr. Crajler, do prepare, and bring in,

the lame.

that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, again (I the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon li'ed-nejdayMorning next.

Major General Cornwallis presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for settling a certain yearly Sum upon the right honourable Ann Fitzroy, commonly called Countess of Eufloq, Wife of the right honourable Augvjins Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of out of

certain yearly Pensions issuing out of the hereditary Revenue of the Excise, and comprised in certain Letters Patent bearing Date the 22d Day of , in the 20th

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in Part of the Jointure agreed to be secured to her upon her Intermarriage with the said Augustus Earl of Euston: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Eill be read a Second time.

Countess of Eurtmi’s Settlement.

Mr. George Onjlowreported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the Acts of Parliament for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its antient Goodnet's; and also the Petition of the Lieutenant of Dover Castle, and AiTiitants, incorporated for the Piclerva-tion of the Harbour of Dover, whole Names are thereunto funscribed, on bchaif of themselves, and the rest of the said Assistants; were referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fume was read.

Ordered, That the said Report, together with the Report and Appendix iclating to the Harbour of Rje, which were presented to the House upon Tuesday the 15th Day of this Instant February, be printed.

A Petition offeveral Merchants, and others, concerned in buying of Corn and Grain in the City of Norwich, and exporting large Quantities thereof from the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, whose Names are subscribed thereto, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That if a Law was obtained for the buying and selling of Corn and Grain by Weight only, many Frauds and Abuses, that are at present daily practised, would be prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made to the House upon the 28th Day of January last, from the Committee who were appointed to considerof proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future, be taken into further Consideration.

A Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners of Lands lying and being disperse.d in the open and common Fields of Priors Marston, in the County of whose Names arc thereunder written, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners find, that a Petition has been presented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Fields, in which the Petitioners have a considerable Property; and that if a Bill lhoulcl pass according to the Prayer of the said Petition, it would be greatly prejudicial to their Interest: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, or otherwise, against the said Bill, before the same do pal's.

Ordered, That the (hid Petition do lie upon the Table, until thelleport.be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Pryors Marston, in the County of Warwick, is committed: And VoL. i7-

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his of Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Di- General regions, that there be laid before this House, a List of a"d StJlf all the General and General Staff Officers of his Majesty’s °i®cen' Land Forces, with an Account how many of them are employed and paid, what Pay they respectively receive, and whefe they are at present, with the Dates of their respective Commissions and Appointments as such, and of their First Commissions in the Army.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Account Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Di- of Officer* of rections, that there be laid before this House, a particular Holi'usls-Account of the Officers of the Hospitals for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1757, with their Names, and the Pay they respectively receive.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count of all the public Debts at the Receipt of his Ma- Debts0 jesty’s Exchequer, standing out at last, with the

annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his *ron Majesty, That lie will be graciously pleased to give Di- jQ America, regions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Certificates from any Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Commander.in Chief, of any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, in pursuance of an Act of the 23d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, containing Accounts of any Mill or Engine for flitting or rolling of Iron, and every Plating Forge to work with a Tilt Hammer, and every Furnace for making Steel, erected in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Jamaica

Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- Affairs, reftions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the humble Address and Representation of the Assembly of the Island of Jamaica to his Majesty, pafl'ed the 13th November 1756, together with Copies of the several Examinations and Papers referred to in the said Address, as taken before a Committee of Grievances in Jamaica, in or about October 1756.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Irish Majesty’s Command, Estimate of the Charge of Four Re- Regimcl?tt giments of Foot on the Irish Establishment, serving in m m,nC*' North America and the East Indies, and augmenting Major

General 0*Farrel’s Regioient, for the Year 1757.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Exportation of Iron.

lohnfon’* Relief from a Uoiid.

250 Felruarii. A. 1757.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Four Regiments of Foot, on the Establishment, serving in North America and the East Indies, and augmenting Major General s Regiment, for the Year 1757.

£. s. d. Numbers. £ d.

The BntijhEstablishment for Major General La/celles's Regiment of Foot, from the 25th of December 1756, to the 24th

of December 1757 - . - - - 20,175 7 6 M45

Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment for the same time - Difference ----- 8,694 7 6‘ 11,481 — —

Major General Abercrombie'% Regiment, the same - - - . I.I45 11,481

Major General Webb's Regiment, the same - - - M45 11,481 — —

The British Establishment for Colonel Regiment of Foot, for the same time - - ’ - - 18,219 11 8 980

Paid by Ireland for the said Regiment for the same time Difference - - - 8,694 7 6 9,525 4 a

Pay of the Augmentation to Major General O'Farr el's Regi- S J T

ment, for the same time - - - 33° 4-957 18 4

Total - - 4-745 48,926 2 6

War Office, 25 Feb. 1757.

Barrington.

Ordered That the laid Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Horne do, upon Tuesday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal.

Ordered, That Mr. John Berdoe do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Mackey do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Herbert do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Price do attend the said Committee at the (lime time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Saunders do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Taylor do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Jones do attend the said Committee at the feme time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Warren do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gopfalldo attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stephens do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hanbury do attend the said Committee-lit the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hanbury do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Bdo attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. James do attend the said

Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Perkins do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do attend the

laid Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Raby do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Claud of London;

Merchant", was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Bast contained in the said Petition; and had dire died him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Pla«; and after-24

wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fad! contained in the said Petition is as followeth; viz.

It appears by a Report from the Commissioners of the Customs to the Commissioners of the Treasury, dated the 10th of May 1753, That the Petitioner, on the 28th of September 1751, became bound for George and

William Hamilton, late Tobacco Merchants, in a Bond conditioned for the Payment of £.5,607. 12 9 \d. be-

ing the Duties of 150,000 Pounds Weight of Tobacco, imported by the said Buchanan and Hamilton.

It appears by an Indenture dated the 6th of February 1752, That the Petitioner entered into the said Bond at the speciial Instance and llequest of the said Buchanan and Hamilton; and that they, as an Indemnification to him. against the fame, assigned to him 200 Hogslieads of Tobacco, the Marks and Numbers of which are specified on the Back of the said Deed.

It appeared by the Evidence of Mr. James John ft in, who was Clerk to the said Buchanan and Hamilton, That the said 200 Hogsheads were kept in a public Warehouse, where other Tobaccocs belonging to the said Buchanan and Hamilton were Likewise kept; and that all the said Two hundred Hogsheads were, loon after the Date of the said Assignment, conveyed away by the said Buchanan and Hamilton, and fold and exported as their Property; and that aftenvards they sent into the said Warehouse 99 Hogsheads with different Marks and Numbers, in order to replace lb many of the 200 which were before removed.

It also appears, by another Indenture dated the 2 iff of April 1752, That the said Buchanan and Hamilton, as a further Indemnification to the Petitioner, assigned to him 42 Hogsheads of Tobacco, the Marks and Numbers of which are specified upon the said Deed.

It appears, by a Record from the Court of Exchequer, That, on the 27th of April 1752, an Extent was issued, at the Suit of the Crown, against the Effects of the said Buchanan and Hamilton, for Duties upon Tobacco imported by them: That an Inquisition was taken the 30th of April 1752, and that 135 Hogsheads of Tobacco were seized as the Property of the said Buchanan and Hae milton, and by the Evidence of the said Mr. James -ston, that such Tobaccoes were the 42 Hogsheads before assigned to the Petitioner, and 93 of the 99 Hogsheads which had been replaced as is before stated; and that the remaining Six Hogsheads of such 99 were l'cized by the Warehouse-keeper for Rent.

It appears by the Evidence of MavJii Esquire,

That, immediately after ilfuing the said Extent, the said Buchanan and Hamilton became Bankrupts.

And

t

30 Geo. IL 25°' — 26 Febru737*

And by the said Record it further appears, That the Petitioner entered his Claim to the said 135 Hogsheads, in the Court of Exchequer; and, upon a Tryal in the Sittings after Michaelmas Term 1732, a Verdict was found for the King as to the said 93 Hogsheads, and for the Claimant as to the said 42 Hogsheads.

And by the Evidence of Mr. Robert Frejjdique it appears, That the said Verdict as to the 93 Hogsheads was found for the King, because the Marks and Numbers of Inch Hogsheads did not correspond with the Marks and Numbers specified in the Alignment of the said 200 Hogsheads*

And by the Evidence of the said Mr. Mauduit it appeared, That he was One of the A (lienees under the said Bankruptcy; and that the Commissioners of the CuiT.oms, in Confidciation of the Payment of a certain Sum by such Assignees, as a Satisfaction for the Monies due horn the said Bankrupts to the Crown, allowed the said Assignees all the Effects seized upon the said Inquisition; but that in such Agreement the said Bond was not included, the same not being then due.

By the said Report from the Commissioners of the Customs it also appears. That the Petitioner has paid £. 3*173- os. 7d. in Part of the said Sum of £. 5,607. 12s. 9 %d.

And it further appears by the Evidence of the said Mr. Johnston, That the said 93 Hogsheads of Tobacco were fold for £. 2,655. S-f. 8*/.; and that if the said Buchanan and Hamilton had continued in Credit, no Part of the Sum mentioned in the said Bond would have been paid in Money; but that such Bond would have been discharged by Debentures taken out upon Tobacco exported.

By an Order in the Books of the Com mi (Boners of the Treasury it appears, That the said Commithoners, on the of December 1756, in Cunsideration ot some favourable Cjr.cumllances :n the Petitioner's Ca:e, r* mired the Com mi (Boners of the Customs to (ray all Prove*, dings lor Recovery of the said Debt, for the Space of Twelve Months.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be peru led by the Members of the House.

granted by Two fevgral Acts passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the

Roads from a Place called the Red I loaf:, near,

to Wakefield*and through the said Town of Wakefield, by

Dcvjsbury, High Town, and Ughlcliff, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Putt-tefracl, and from thence to a Place called in (he

Town ship of Henjall, and from Puntefraft to Went bridge, in the Town ship of Damnglon, in the West Riding of the County of York; is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Corflum, Reading of the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping &c*

in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called the Profs 0J^S*

Keys, otherwise BrickersBarn, in the Par'll) ot Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Eafion Bridge, in the County of Corner fit;

A Motion was nude, and the Question being put, That . the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Two Months;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raiding the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Refilved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itfclt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 26° die Februarii \

Shipston Mr. West reported from the Committee, to whom the Toll Gate Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Hoad. A<fls parliamcnr? onc passed in the 3d, and the other in the 17th, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipston <Toll Gate, at Bridgtozvn, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick; through Aldcrmhfter and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick; and also for repairing the Road leading from the Full MileStone (landing on the t said Shipston Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane,

and through Mickleton and Chipping Campden, to a Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester\ was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Hed House Ordered, That Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Dimmer, Mr. near Whichcot, Mr. Egerton, Mr Hewett, Mr. Curzon, Mr.

Doncaster Joyner, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. John Briftowe, Mr. Robert H°id. Rrijlozve, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Brudcnell, Mr. James Bru-

denell, Mr. Drake, the Marquis ot Granby, Mr. Herbert, Lord Getege Manners, Mr. John Manners, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Lion foil, Sir James Carnepie, Mr. Willy, Mr. Rurreil, Mr* Da~vna\, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bu\n-tun, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ingram, Sir Lionel Piikingtou, Mr. Mathews> Sir John Morgan, Mr. Powell, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. George Brudcnell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers Vol 27.

Anno 30° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

MR. Charles Torcnft.end reported from the Commit- DaTeith tee, to whom the Petition of the Baron Bailie, and Two Pemnes others, thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of Dalkeith, in ^tots* the County of Edinburgh, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The reverend Mr. John Hume said, That the Number of Inhabitants of the said Town is so greatly increased of late Years, that it became necessary to employ an Assistant Mmiller of the said Parish; who has since been discontinued, from the Difficulty to support him:

That the Church of the said Parish is become very ruinous, and cannot be repaired without a considerable Expence:

That a Workhouse has been erected for the Employment of the Poor of the said Parish, which has been tup-ported only by precarious Contributions; and that some certain Fund is necessary for the support of the kune.

Mr. John Goldecot laid, That the said Town is in great Want offrefh and wholesome Water, w Inch may be eatiiy obtained by means oi Pipes from the high Grounds about Haifa Mile from the Town, or by an Engine from the River: That they have no Water for their corn; on L ie nearer than a Quarter of a Mile: Aral the said VYiincB confirmed the Evidence given by the reverend Mr. Hume, with regard to the Increase of Inhabitants in the la: J Town, and the ruinous Conditition of the Church; and added,

vj B that

Gteuttfttr

foot.

738 26° Februarii. ^.1757.

that Part of it Is Fallen down, which has not been rebuilt; and that if Provision was made for carrying the said Works into Execution, it would be of great Advantage to the Paid Town; but that the ordinary Revenue thereof is not sufficient for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two PenniesiSWr, or One-sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale, or vended, within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith: And that Mr. Charles and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mayor, and several of the Aldermen and Members of the Common Council, and other principal Inhabitants, of the City of , was presented

to the House, and read; talcing Notice, That Application hath been made to the House by the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the said City, for a further Power to levy and raise much larger Sums of Money upon the Inhabitants of the fev ral Parishes and Precincts within the said City, than they have hitherto done, for the Support and Maintenance of the Work house, and Poor thereto belonging, and for discharging certain Debts already con-trafted by the said Governor and Guardians, and forraifing a proper Fund to provide Lamps for the better lighting the Streets of the said City; and alleging, that the Petitioners upon a strict and thorough Examination and Inquiry into the State and Accounts of the said Workhouse, are persuaded that the Application of the said Governor and Guardians is just and reasonable; as it plainly appears, that the Levies now raised by the said Governor and Guardians upon the said Inhabitants, together with the additional Incomeof their several Estates, and all other Be-nefactions whatsoever, are not sufficient to answer the Expence of the said House and Poor; and that this hath actually been the same for many Years; by which means, as well as by providing and Lighting Lamps for the whole City for Twenty eight Years, without any particular Allowance for that Purpose, they first began to be in Debt, and so continue; and that the said Governor and Guardians have long laboured under great Difficulties in procuring and causing the said Levies to be col left ed and paid by the respective Parish Officers of the said City to the Treasurer of the said Workhouse, by reason of a Defect in the former Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose; and being fully convinced that the Poor of the said City are, and may be, better maintained, and at less Expence, within the said House than without, and having no just Cause to allege any thing against the Management and Proceedings of the said Governor and Guardians, or to complain of any Neglect of the Poor whatsoever, who, on the contrary, are now as well provided for as ever: And being delirous, for the general Good and Benefit of the whole City, that Lamps should be erected; therefore praying, That the said Governor and Guardians may be enabled to raise such an additional limited Sum of Money upon the Inhabitants of the said City, for the Purposes of the said Workhouse and Poor, and for discharging, by Degrees, the necessary and unavoidable Debts they have contrafted, as to the House shall seem meet; and also may have Power to enforce the collecting and paying the Levies made upon the said Inhabitants, by the respective Parish Officers, for the Use of the said House, within a reasonable time to be allotted for that Purpose; and that no Parish or Precinct whatsoever, within the said City, may be exempt from paying thereto, as they are all mutually benefited by it; and that Lamps may be erected and set up in the moll commodious manner, for lighting the Streets and Lancs of the said City, agreeable to the Practice, and under the Rules and Regulations, of other Cities and Corporations; and that the Management of them be left to the respective Parishes to which they shall several ]y belong.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governor and Guardians of the Poor of the City of G/ou-cester, is referred: And that they do examine the Mat-

ter of this Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called the Cross Keys, otherwise Brisker, in the Parish of

Corsham, in the County of W'i/ts, to Bath Eaf, cn Bridge, in the County of Somerset, be new read a Second time.

The Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in:

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the several Petitions against the said Bill were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard; and produced Evidence in Support of the said Petitions.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel, upon the said Bill, be adjourned till Four of the Clock this Afternoon.

The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their several Addresses of Yellerdav had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Pitt acquainted the House, That he had a ?vlefiage from his Majesty to this House, signed by his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followed); viz

GEORGER. '

His Majesty, agreeably to his royal Word, for the lake of justice, and of Example to the Discipline of the Navy, and for the Safety and Honour of the Nation, was determined to have let the Law take its course, with relation to Admiral Byng, as upon next; and re-

filled all Solicitations to the contrary.

But being informed, that a Member of the House of Commons, who was a Member of the Court Martial, which tried the said Admiral, has, in his Place, applied to the House, in behalf of himself, and several other Members of the said Court, praying the Aid of Parliament to be released from the Oath of Secrecy imposed on Courts Martial, in order to disclose the Grounds whereon Sentence of Death passed on the said Admiral; the Result of which Discovery may shew the Sentence to be improper; his Majesty has thought fit to respite the Execution of the lame, in order that there may bean Opportunity ofknowing, by the separate Examination of the Members of the said Court, upon Oath, what Ground there is for the above Suggestion.

His Majesty is determined still to let this Sentence be carried into Execution, unless it shall appear, from the said Examination, that Admiral Byng was unjustly condemned.

R.

The Mention, made in this Meffitge, of an Application being Yesterday made to this House by a Member of the House, in his Place, was much excepted to in the House; being conceived that it might affect, although not so intended, the Privilege of the House, with regard to Freedom ol Speech in their Debates and Proceedings; and forasmuch as the maintaining of that Privilege inuft ever be of the utmost Consequence to the House, the House did direct that this special Entry should be made in the Journal, left, at anytime hereafter, this Calc should be cndeavouied to be drawn into Precedent, to the Infringement ot so important and essential a Claim and Right of the House.

The House was moved, That (bmuch of an Act, made in the ead Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the

Govern-

Corflum,

&c.

Roads.

Answer to

Address lor Papers.

Releasing the Court Martel on Admiral Byng fr«m Oaths.

k.

t-

k

Corsham,

See,

Roads.

30 Geo. II.

Government of his Makfly's Ships, Vessels, and Forces, by Sea, as relates to the Oath of Secrecy directed to be taken by the Members of a Court Martial, might be read.

And tire same was read accordingly:

A Motion was made, and the Question beingproposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to releale from the Obligation of the Oath of Secrecy the Members of the Court Martial appointed for the Trial of Admiral John

fynz;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, thele Words, c* pursuant to the Exception contained in the said Act."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Question thus amended, being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to re-Jeafe from the Obligation of the Oath of Secrecy the Members of the Court Martial appointed lor the Trial of Ad-nrral John Byug, pursuant to the Exception contained in the said Oath: And that Mr. Potter and Sir Franck Dash-wood do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Potter presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill torelcafe from the Obligation of the Oathof -Secrecy the Members of the Court Martial appointed for the Trial of Admiral John Byng, pursuant to the Exception contained in the said Oath: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bili be now read a Second time,

Hie laid Bill was accordingly read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve it felt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Potter accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The Order, made this Day, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker s Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts% to Bath Eafion Bridge, in the County of Somerset, at Four of die Clock this Afternoon, being read;

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be further adjourned till 7h inf day next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock

Vox.

719

Lunce, 28* die;

Anno 30° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757. Prayers.

A B I L L for repairing and widening the Road from Markfield Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Chaflex, otherwise Char mo 00 d, Forest, through the Town of Whitwhk, and from thence through Talbot Lam to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Vsuer, Mr. York, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Olmius, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Lee, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. IVitbraham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Med/ycctt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Protvfe, Mr. Fellow cs, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sandys, Sir ff'm. Beauchamp Profior, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Walter, Mr. Chcimley, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. A fleck, Mr. Fenton, Mr. Hill, Sir Robert Long, Mr. More, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Willy, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Symonds, Lord Eujion, Mr. Trift, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Barrozv, Lord Poivcifcourt, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fuller; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, Derby, Warwick, Stafford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Powell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Thomas Turner Esquire, and his issue, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Payler, was committed, That the Committeehad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two A<5ls of Parliament, one passed in the Third, and the other in the Seventeenth, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Hoad leading froma Gate called Skipfton Toll Gate, at Bcidgtoivn, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipfion upon Stozver, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick; andallb for repairing the Road leading from the First; MileStone (landing on the said Skipfton Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Camp-den, to a Place called Andover s Ford, in the County of Gloucrfter; was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. George Jukes do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Brfftol, under their Common Seal.

Ordered, That Mr. George Clem ion do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, Thar Mr. John Greenwood do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered,

2 6° — 28°

Mark field Retd.

Tamer's Nan* '

Shiofton Toll Gate Road.

Exportation ul iruxi-

e

740

28 ° Februarii. 1757.

St. Lake’s Poor.

Fees of Officers of

Courts of Justice.

Jroa

Works in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Norris do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr .'Jonathan Buttall senior do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jonathan Buttall junior do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Morgan do attend the said

o

Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Morgan do attend the said Committee at the same time.

0

An ingrafted Bill for the ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Hates, and for the better ordering and regulating the Poor, in the Panlh of Saint , in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 9. After " Nine," to insert "or more."

Pr. 14. L. 5. After " the," to insert " Hand and " Seal."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for the better ordering and regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered That the several Papers and Books, relating to a Survey of the Officers, Clerks, and Mir.ifters, of the Courts of Justice in England and Wales, and to their Fees, which were presented to the House upon Monday the 21 ft Day of this in(tant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, be referred to a Committee:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Philipps, Sir John Cv.fr, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. folio zees, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Lord Guern-

fey, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis DrakMr. Lord

Garys fort, Mr. Olmith, Mr. Mr. Cornwall,

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Calvert, Lord Mr. Ba-

con, Lord Strange, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bayntun , Mr. Weji, Mr. More, Mr. Ofbald Mr. White, Mr. Campbell, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr.

Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Rigby , Mr. Northey, Mr. Mr. Coventry, General Onslow, Mr. Sir Cordel Fire-

brace, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hunter, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Potter, Mr. Nugent, Mr. ham. Sir George Lee, Mr. AlarMr. Alderman ford, Mr. Bond, Mr. Havdinge, Mr. Samuel Martin, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Elliot, Mr-ville, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. , Sir Roger Newdi-gate, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Vernon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lowndes,

Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Lyster, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Foley, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Grove, Sir Rd. Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Craven, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Chef ter. Sir Henry Mr. Palmer, Mr. Baukes, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mr.

Gajliry, General Holmes: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And they are to consider of the said Papers and Books; and report their Opinion thereupon, to the House: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Oswald, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

A Book, containing Copies of the Certificates trans-7

mitted to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations by the Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or Commanders, in Chief, of his Majesty’s Colonies in America, in p ir-fuance of an Act of the 23d Year of his present Maje-fly’s Reign, containing Accounts of any Mill or Engine for flitting or rolling of Iron, and any Plating Forge to work with a Ti't Hammer, and any Furnace for making Steel, erected in any of his Majesty’s Colonies in America.

And the Title of the said Book was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tire laid Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session,

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Prion Friday last, for receiving, upon Wednesday next, the tie- Mjrfto* port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing ucll'"re' and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Priors Marston, in the County of Warwick, was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Sevennight.

A Petition of the Merchants and principal Inhabitants of Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That great Inconveniences arite from buying and selling Grain by Measure: And therefore praying, That all Kind of Grain may be sold by Weight only.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report, which was made to the House, upon the 28th Day of January last, from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the High Price of Corn and Bread for the future, be taken into further Consideration.

The House was moved,. That the Petition of the Rector, Principal, Professors, and Mailers, of the University of Glasgow, which was presented to the House upon Sa-

turday the 12th Day of this instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition i

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Muir, Mr. Ofzvald, anil the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to release from the Obligation of the Oath of Secrecy the Members of the Court Martial appointed for the Trial of Admiral John Byng, pursuant to the Exception contained in the said Oath, was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass 1

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

-I;

Mr.

Mr.

Fozvnjhend, Nvcent:

I '«

Tellers for Hie Noes. [

So it was resolved in (he Aflinnative: And that the Title be, An Act to release from the Obligation of the Oath of Secrecy the Members of the Court Martial ap* pointed for the Trial of Admiral Jehn By)ig, pursuant to the Exception contained in the said Oath.

Crdfrcdy

Selling of Con. hr Weigh;,' &c.

Glasgow

Universitr

Benefaftioa-

Retail nj tile Court Martial in A4minl

£> n.?

from Oa’i:i

4k

Clot

Wi

Militia.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Alconbury

Hill

Road.

Clothiers

Wages.

30 Geo. II. 28° Februarii. — 1 Martii. 741

Ordered, That Mr. Potter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-'tng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis^ 1° die Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii lld‘ Regis, 1757. Prayers.

TI1 E Lord Carysfort presented to the House, accord'

ing to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads between a Place called the White on Alconbury Hill, and Wan ford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and

between Norman Cross Hill, in the said County, and the City of Peterborough, with respect to the Elections of new Trustees, the Power of compelling Persons employed by the Trustees in the Execution of such Acts to deliver up such Books and Papers relating thereto as are in their Custody; and aho to the Manner of summoning and holding the Meetings of the Trustees; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be tead a Second time.

1 l

A Petition of the several poor and distressed Broad Cloth Weavers of the Parishes of Stroud, Hamp-

ton, Bifley, and other adjacent Parishes and Places, in the County of Gloucefltr, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousand more of their distressed Brethren, was presented to the House, and read; reciting. That by an Act, passed in the 49th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at their Michaelmas Sessions yearly, were impoweted to settle or make a Rate for the Wages of Broad Cloth Weavers; and alleging, that the Petitioners applied to the said Session, pursuant to the said Act, to have their Wages settled and adjusted, when the Clothiers opposed the fame, declaring, by a Memorial then presented to the said Court, that the said Act was inconsistent and unrealizable, or to that tiffed, and ought not to be carried into Execution; and that the said Justices made no Order for the Purposes aforesaid, but adjourned the said Court to the Sixth of November following: That, afterwards, some of the Clothiers aforesaid, for the Peace of the said County, and Relief of the poor Petitioners, drew up a Plan or Rate for Payment of their Wages, which was produced at the said adjourned Sessions; and the Justices made a peremptory and final Vol. 27.

Order for the ascertaining and settling the said Wages; and further alleging, that several of the said Clothiers absolutely refuse to pay Obedience to the said Orders, and infill the Adjournment of the Sessions was not legally made, and, as the Petitioners arc informed, have applied to the House to have the Ad above mentioned repealed, and all other Acts relating to the settling of the Petitioners Wages, or at lead so much thereof as impowers the said Justices to settle the fame, and to subject the Petitioners to such Agreement as the said Clothiers shall think fit to make with them, in respect of such Wages; and that in calc the said Clothiers should prevail in their said Petition, the Petitioners would be in a worse Situation than before the Law was made, as aforesaid, in their behalf: And therefore praying, That no such Act may pass as prayed by the said Petition; or if the House should think fit to amend or explain the Acts aforesaid, there may be some Power lodged in the said Justices of the Peace, or else-where, as to the House shall seem meet, to ascertain and settle the said Wages that the Petitioners may notbefub-jed to the arbitrary Will and Power of the said Clothiers; and that the Petitioners, if Occasion be, may be heard, by their Counsel, or otherwise, against the Palling of such Bill as prayed for by the Clothiers aforesaid in their laid Petition, several of the Suggcftions therein being, as the Petitioners doubt not but to prove, false and untrue.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to amend an Act, nude in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more cfiedual an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Wooilen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputei among the Persons concerned therein; and for limitiriga Time for prosecuting lor the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in calc of Payment of the Workmens Wages in any other manner tdan in Money; be read a Second time.

The laid Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fonLahert, Mr. Amy and, Sir W Mr. Cocks, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Barrow, Mr. O Indus, Sir John Turner, Mr. Sir

Thomas Robinson, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Torke, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Northey, Mr. Martin, Mr. Crofter, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. John Mr. Hayward,

Mr. Fellowes, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Gore, Sir Lionel' PUkington, Mr. Gibbons,

Lord Downe, Mr. More, Colonel Mr.

Mr. Hanger, Mr. Walter, Mr. Dawney, Mr. , Mr. Dicker, Mr. John Harris, Sir Robert Long; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gicucester, Worcester, Somerf7, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several jjoor and dif-treffed Broad Cloth Weavers of the Parishes of S/roudf Minchin Hampton, Bijley, and other adjacent Parishes and Places, in the County of Gl whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousand more of their distressed Brethren, be referred to the said Committee: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Mr Kynafionreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to impower the Warden and Society of the King’s Town of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of to

grant Part of a Common, called Coldfield Park,

unto Simon Luitrcll Esquire, and his Heirs, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill,

9 C to

Sutton

Coli^eU

inclosure

freft

Marten

Inclosure.

"British

tiihery.

74*

to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Three or Four of the poorer Sort of Inhabitants of Sutton Coldfield, who refuted to sign the Petition, but laid they would not oppose the Bill; and that the whole Number of Freeholders and Inhabitants is upwards of Three hundred, Two hundred and Fifty-five of whom have signed the Petition, and the others had Notice of the Application; and none appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Henry Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Town Fields of West Matfen, and a small Common or watte Ground thereto adjoining, in the County of Northumberland, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free Briiijk Fishery, was referied; and who were directed to inquire into, and report to the House, the State of the said Fishery in general; That t he Committee had reconsidered the said Report, and had inquired into the State of the said Fishery in general; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; vi

It appeared by the Acts of the 23d and 28th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, that the said Society were incorporated, and had several Encouragements given to them for carrying on the White Herring Fishery:

And, by the Accounts of the said Society, it appeared that they have employed the Sum of £. 130,305. 8j.

together with the whole Produce of the Fish, and the Bounties allowed on the Tonnage of their Shipping, in carrying on this Undertaking:

And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Thomas Collett, and also by the said Accounts, that, notwithstanding the Produce of the Fish and Bounties, the Society have sustained great Loss every Year, which has never been less than £.3,000; and, in one Year, amounted to £, 14,000 and upwards, occasioned by unavoidable Accidents, and great Expences incurred, in carrying on the said Fishery; and that they find their Capital so much reduced, that it will be impossible to prosecute their Design with any Prospect of Success, without the Assistance of Parliament:

That these extraordinary Expences were occasioned by their Want of Experience in the Beginning, and by the Society’s being obliged, by the first-mentioned Act, to expend the Sum of £. ioo.coo within Eighteen Months,

to entitle them to the Bounty of Three per Cent. This led them into great and hasty Contracts; and Persons

1757-

knowing the Obligations they lay under, took Advantage of their Necessity:

That they built too many Bufles, and have not been able to employ above One-half, or Two-thirds of them: That the Number of Bufles occasioned a great Expence in Nets and Storehouses:

That the Expence of bringing over Danes, to instruct the Fdhermen, amounted to £. 10,000; and that the Dutch reduced the Price of Fish in Germany from 465. to 18s. a Barrel, with an Intent, as the Evidence apprehends, to ruin this Fishery in its Infancy:

And he produced an Inventory of /. /. d.

the Value of the present dead Stock, amounting to ----- 41,858 3 if

Exclusive of the Calli, which is - 6,400 — —

Amounting in the Whole to - £. 48,253 3 if

And it appeared by the Evidence ot Mr. John Yeakky, Superintendent of the Fishery, that the Nets, which the Society are obliged to use, are too heavy and cumbersome, being Thirty Yards long and Seven Fathom deep: That they arc desirous of having them made thorter; but are willing to carry the same Quantity.of Netting.

Mr. Collett further informed your Committee, that the capital Stock of the Society, and the Price of Fish in Germans, bei.-ior so much reduced, it will be impossible to carry on the Fishery, without au Inc real e of the Bounty.

It appeared by the Act of the 28th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, that the Society’ LSiock 4s unalienable, from the Date of their Charter, for the ip ace of Twelve Years; of which near Six are yet unexpired.

And it appeared, upon the further Examination of Mr. Collett, that the present Adventurers are unwilling to advance any mere Money* but he apprehends, if the Stock was made transferable, other Adventurers would come in, as they might purchase at 30 or 35, what cod the present Proprietors 63 per Cent.

And that it they bad Liberty to employ their Bufles during the Intervals of the Fi filing Season, in some other Business, it would be a great Advantage to the Society; but they had taken the Advice of Counsel, who Were of Opinion they could not employ them any Way but in the Fishery.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

: i-

Ordered, That Mr. Which cot, Mr. Prow/e, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gore, Mr Lee, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Willes, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosicg certain Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Manor of Fulford, in the County of York, is committed.

The Lord Royflon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining and prefer ving certain Fen Lands, Low Grounds, and Commons, in the Town-ships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First time.

RefoldedThat the Bill be read a Second time.

The House was moved, That-the Order, made upon Tuesday the 8th Day of February Jail, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making the River lilyih navigable from Halesworth Bridge, in the Counry or Snfolk, into the Haven of Southwold; and also lor enlarging the Term, and amending and altering several Powers, granted by an Act, made in the 20th Year of hi* present Majesty’s Reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk j might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inliruftion to the Gentlemen, who were appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said

Bill

i° Mar.

Fulford

Inclosure.

March,

kc.

Diaina^.

SouthwJi

i* — a° Martii.

30 Geo. II.

Bill, That they have Leave to bring in a Bill or Bills for making the River Biyth navigable from Bridge, in the County of Suffolk, into the Haven of South:void-, and all'o for enlarging the Term, and amending and altering several Powers, granted by an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of Southwold, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bi)l for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Littieworth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of adjoining the high Road there: And that Mr. IVhi cheat. Mr. Mackenzie, and Mr. John Harris, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Jamaica Mr. Secretary Pitt presented to the House, pursuant Atfain. to their Address to his Majesty,

Copy of the humble Address and Representation of the Assembly of the Hland of Jamaica, to his Majesty, passed the 13th November 1756: And also,

Examinations and Papers referred to in the Address and Representation of the Affemoiy of Jamaica, to his Majesty, of the 13th of November 1736, as taken before a Committee of Grievances in , in or about Octo-

ber 1756, transmitted with the said Address and Repre-fentauon, under the Seal of the lllund of

N. B. Thel'e Papers wore returned to the Office from whence they were brought, by an Order of the House, of the 13th of June.

And the Title of the said Copy, and also the Title of the said Examinations and Papers, were read.

Ordered, That the said Copy, and the said Examinations and Papers, be referred to the Committee of the who.e House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March last, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica-, and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee.

Ditto. The House was moved, That the Order of

last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Friday next, to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the iSthand 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March last, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Guveinor. Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and of the other Papers relerred to the said Committee; might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday the 4th Day of April next, resolve itl'ell into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Papers referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Vice Admiral Knowles do then attend the said Committee.

Spalding Mr. IVhie hojt reported from the Committee, to whom 'itoad' ^le Petition of the honourable Adventurers of Deeping Fens, and of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Persons, living near, and frequently travelling through, the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Little-worth, and by frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining the high Road there, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followerh;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Hoggard, being examined, said, That he knows all the Roads mentioned in the Petition, which are at this time lb bad, that it is impracticable for a loaded Carriage to pal’s them; and were in the same Condition the most Part of the last Summer:

That the Road is, in several Places, too narrow, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. John Dig by confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Hoggard.

VOL. 27.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort- Importation night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of I:ca. House, to consider of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of under their Common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Newnham. Sir Creed, Mr, Red House Bertie, Mr. Hayes, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Kynaston, nfa^ be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for en* larging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts passed in the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red House, near Doncaster, to W and through the faict Town of IVakefield, by Dezo and Lightcliff, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to PonlefraB, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Tow. ship of Henfall, and from Pontefractto Went bridge, in the Township of

Darriugton, in the West Riding of the County of York-, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii II" Regis, 1757.

Pea. vers.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and M r Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire that this House will give Leave, Meffije that the honourable Augufius Keppel, James Douglas from Lords, Esquire, and Peter Denis Esquire, Members of this House, may attend the House of Lords this Day, in order to be of nce examined upon the Second Reading of the Bill, inti- Members, tuled, An Act to releale from the Obligation of the Oath of Secrecy the Members of the Court Martial-appointed for the Trial of Admiral John Byng, pursuant to the Exception contained in the said Oath.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to the said Message by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in, and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then they again withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Whitchurch the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of William Powlett Esquire, deceased.

Sir Edmund Isham reported from- the Committee, to Wolfhtrop-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain common c°te»

Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common -Grounds, and waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wolf-hampeote, in the County of Warwic, was committed.

That

Eirlftone

Inciefure.

Regulating the Marine Forces.

Member! have Leave to attend the Lortle.

Hertford

Road.

Thames

Fishery.

744 2° Martii. A. 1757.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common, open, and arable Fields, and waste Grounds, in the Manor of Earlflone, in the Parish of in the County of Hants, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common arable Fields and waste Grounds in in

the Parish of Burghcleare, in the County of Hants.

Ordered, That Mr. Webb do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. KeppeJ, Mr. James Douglass, and Mr. , being present in the House, the Message received from the Lords this Day, concerning them, was read.

And the said Members severally flood up in their Plat :es, and declared, That they were willing to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in the said Message.

Resolved, That the honourable Keppel Esquire,

James Douglass Esquire, and Peter Denis Esquire, Members of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in the said Message, if the said Members think fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to ao quaint them, That this House hath given Leave to the honourable Augustut Keppel Esquire, James Douglass Esquire, and Peter Denis Esquire, Members of this House, to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, in their Message of this, Day, if the said Members think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Potter do carry the said Message.

Mr Brafleyreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Watton, to water, and from the Town of , through Watton, to the North End of the Town of , in the said

County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

'-* Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

« I

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Alder-

men, and Commons, of the City of in Common

Council assembled, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

It appeared by a Charter granted by King the

First, in the 3d Year of his Reign, and by the Evidence of Mr. Dobson, That the Office of Bailiff'and Conserva-for of the River of ‘Thames, and Waters of Medway, hath been Time out of Mind in the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London.

And it appeared. That by an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of Queen Anneintituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fisherv within the lliver of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River, a Court of Assistants of the Company of Fishermen was appointed for regulating and reforming Abuses in the said Fishery: Then,

Mr. Dobson gave Evidence, That the said Company continued (though not without several Intermilfions) till the Year 1727, since which Year the said Company have ceased toad; which Evidence was confirmed by,

Mr. Isaac Peverfen, formerly one of the said Court of

Assistants: Who added, That the Quarterage and Privilege of the said Court was so small that no one would aft: That the Body of Fishermen are now under no Regulation: That any one may fish that will, and that no Times or Seasons are kept for fishing.

Mr. Matthew Dwyre, being examined, proved to your Committee, by producing several small Filli which he had bought in the Streets, and several Pieces of Fishing Nets which he said he took from some Fishermen, that Fish are taken of too small a Size; and that new Methods of unlawful Fiffiing are practised, whereby the Destruction of the Fry of Fish is increased: That he attended on the Water BailiffTen Years, and has seized Twenty Pounds worth of unlawful Nets in a Season, and has frequently been insulted and abused in his Office.

Mr. John Selby, being examined, also said, That he has been with the Water Bailiff at the seizing of unlawful Nets, and has been greatly abused by the Fishermen.

Roger Griffiths Esquire, late Water Bailiff, being examined, said, That in general there has been a constant Practice, whereby the Fishery in the River Thames has been injured :. That he has very frequently been obstructed in his Office: That he has been thrown out of his Boat by the Fishermen, and otherwise greatly abused, though he had a Right to ftize all unlawful Nets: That the Price of Fish is grown excessive, and that the Abuses committed in the Fishery cannot be prevented without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That-Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the Fry and Spawn of Fish in the River of Thames, and Waters of Medway, and for the better regulating the

Fishery thereof: And that the Lord Mayor of London,

Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Robert , Sir John

Philipps, and Sir William Calvert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Oswald, from the Commissioners for Trade and Non Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Account of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 17 55.

Mr. Oswald also reported from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, That the Order of this House, made upon the 16th Day of last Month, " That there " be laid before this House, an Account of the Money paid, and Charges incurred", by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of n Scolia, from the iftof January 1756, to the 31st of " December following," cannot at preterit be complied

74S

Viiiitia.

2° Martii.

30 Geo. II.

with, by reason the proper Officers in the said Colony have o jt tranlfnitted any Accounts of the Expenditure, or any Vouchers for the Payment, of Money for the Year 17 5 6 j but that as soon as the Accounts and Vouchers (ludi be received, the Account will be made up with all pomble Diipatch, and laid before the House.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Report was also read.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Paper* of this Session; and the Abstract thereof is as followeth i viz.

ACCOUNT of Money paid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1755.

To Victualling supplied the Troops; viz.

Colonel War bur ton's and Colonel Lafcelle's Regiments, the Artillery Company, Rangers,

From 30 December to 16 January -

27 January to 23 March - - * - -

24 Mar. to 15 June -

16 June to 13 July -

14 July to 10 Auyujl -

11 Auyti/l to 5 October -

6 October to 30 November -

1 December to 28 December -

956 18 — 1,907 10 —

2>933 *4 —

988 8 —

999 5 —

1,976 17 —

2,036 2 6

t,081 3 —

The Two Battalions of Governor s Provincial Regiment, From 18 Auyufl to 5 October -

6 October to 30 November - -

l December to 28 December -

2,371 8 6

2,693 1 6

1,338 11 6

The original Establishment of Colonel Hos Regiment, confiding of 360 Men. From 1 January to 31 March -

I April to 30 June -

1 July to 30 September - -

1 October to 31 December -

810 — —

819 — —

828-----

828-----

The Augmentation of Colonel HopJon % Regiment, confiding of 421 Men. From 1 January to 23 March -

24 March to 23 June -

24 June to 23 September -

24 September to 31 December - -

Deduct the Sum voted by Parliament towards victualling Colonel s and Colonel

HopfotCs Regiments ——

To Fees paid on Money received from the Receipt 0 his Majesty’s Exchequer

To Subsistence, and other Expences attending the Company of Rangers To Hire, Portlage Bills, and other Expences attending the Sloops and armed Vessels in the public Service -

To Salaries and Allowances to Civil Officers -

To the Pay of Surgeons and Midwife, and Expences attending the Hospital and Orphan House ——

To Stores, Materials, and other contingent Expences of Government To Wages of Labourers and Artificers employed in the public Works, and Materials purchased by the Surveyor

1,728 16 3$

3,288 4 — 3,297 7 — ,

1,246 15 8

3>855 12 Si

- 2°>*55 7i

To his Majesty’s Office of Ordnance, for Stores, Materials, and the Pay of Officers employed in the Colony - -- -.....-

Granted by Parliament, upon Account, for supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of-.Vot’d Scotia, for the Year 1755 -

Exceedings

863 1 — 968 6 — 968 6 — 1,041 19 6

26,409 11 6

5,678 15 10

20,730 15 8

559 9 6

33,672 14 836 12 6

55*799 11 8f

40,418 7 8

i5»381 4

55*799 11 8i

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England;

Vol. 27.

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning W»y* next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an e*n*' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

9 D Resolved,

Militia.

Lrav€ of

Abibice.

Countess

of F.11 (ton’s Settlement.

Thornton*

N-it.

Sutton

Cotouid

Lie tofu re.

a il Ohic it oat!.

746 20 — 3C

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The poftjwned Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Mili’tia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter to ,k the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments tlK-euntO; which they had directed him to report, when the Houtc will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upun Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroM Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 30 die \

Anno 30° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757.

P B A Y ZR S.

/I R DERE D, That Mr. Hope have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for settling a certain yearly Sum upon the right honourable Am Fitzroy, commonly called Countess of Euston, Wife of the right honourable Fitzroy

Esquire, commonly called Earl ot our of certain-

yearly Pensions ililting out of the hereditary Revenue of the Excite, and comprised in certain Letters Patent bearing Date the 22cl Day of in the 26th Year

of flic Reign of King Charles the Second, in Part of the J iHiture agreed to he secured to her upon her Intermarriage with the said Augvjlus Earl of was read

a Second time.

Rcfohcd, That the Bill be committed;

Rsjbkvd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of t lie u hole I Ionic.

Pufo'vcd, That this House will. Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve its-it into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir William Beauchamp Prcclor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Jacob 7/tcmfons, was committed. That the Committee had exa-' mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to

CD 7 ,

r>c true; and that the Committee had clireeled him to report the B;!l to the House, without any Amendment:’ Aru! he lw iiered the Bill in at the Clerk’s 'Fable.

Ordered, That the Bid be ingrclled.

An ingrelled Bill to impower the Warden and Society of the Kind’s Town of button Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, to grant Fart ofa Common called Sutton Coldfield Park, unto Simon Luitretl Esqu.rc, and his Heirs, was read !lie Third time.

Pt'filved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to impower the Warden and Society of the Ring’s Town of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, io grant Part ofa Common called Sutton Coldfield Park unto Luttrejl Esquire, and his Heiis.

Ordered, 'Fi at Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed F> II for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by i vo Acts of Parliament, one j^afled in the Third, and the other in the Seventeenth, Year of the Reign of his nrefent Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shipfim Toll Gate, at Bridgtown,

Martii. 1757. ’

in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of War lack, through Alderihbifier and Stiffen upon Siczcer, to the Top of Long Compton llill, in the said County of Warwick; and a To for repairing the Road leading from the First Mile Stone (landing on the (did Skipftcn Road, through a Lane called C/iford Lev.., and through Mickleton and Chi[f! ng Camp den, to a Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester, was read the Third time.

Resolveed, Thar the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Third, and the other in the Seventeenth, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty.. for repairing the Read leading from a Gate called Skipjton Lull Gate at Bridgetown, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster and Ship [ten upon Slower, to the lop ot Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick', and also for repairing the Road leading from the First MileStone (landing on the said Shipfiton Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Camp-den, to a Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of G/oue filer.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Westirinlhr of, and report to the House. proper Methods for the better Street*, paving, enlightening, and cleansing, of the Streets of the City and Liberty of Wefitminster, and Precinct of the <$j-voy, and that Party of the Duchy of Lane eft a adjoining thereto.

And a Committee was appointed of Colonel Haldane,

Mr. K ynafton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Chetzvynd, General Corn-zvallis, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr Fox, Lo d Register of Scotland, Mr. Rozvney, Mr. IViikinJon, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. S\mon<h, Mr. Prolific, Mr. Fazaker/e y, Lord Henry Beau clerk, Mr. r lamer. Sir Francis Daficwood, Mr. Garth, Sir Job: Cfft, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. G\bbcn, General Onslow, Mr. Oj-baldcfiion, Sir John Crrff, Mr. LI ore, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Berkeley, Sir Roger Newdignte, Ajr. Baxntnn, Sir John Philipps, Mr. B refer, Lmd Parker, Mr. Torkc,

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Ohunts, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bathurfit, Mr.

Sandys, Sir Henry Eijkine, Mr. Ellis, Lord George Sack-vide, Mr. Townshend, Lord Strange, Mr. Lowndes, St Richard LPyd, Mr. Bull, Mr. IVlit worth, Mr. Pelham,

Air. FeHowes, Mr. Thrift, Lord Fane, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Nor they, Sir Cor del Firehrace, Mr. Walter,

Lord Villiers, Mr. Gafihry, Mr. Rigby, Mr. While, Mr. Medlycott: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fetid for Persons, Papers, and Records: Afed all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day, for the further Hearing of Coriham, Counfd upon the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called the Crcfis Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Lafiton Bridge, in the County of Somerset, at Twelve of the Clock this Day, being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report which was made to the Selling House upon the 28th Day of January last, from the Committee who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future, be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesiday Morning next.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Coun- Corftnr, fel upon the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping &c* in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called the Crofis ^oa<*5* Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Pari 111 of Ccrjhum,

in

747

30 Geo. II.

3'

Martii.

in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset.

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the Counsel again0: the said Bill proceeded in his Evidence, and examined a Wit nets in Support of the Petitions against the said Bill And the said Counsel having gone through and summed up his Evidence.

The Counsel for the said Bid was heard.

And the Counsel against the said Bill having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

s

Tell

ers

V -v ( Mr. Sandys, for the Yeas, Mr_ Nurmi:

Tellers for the N

'I Mr. Reheard Nugt

(Sir Rd. Warwick fyfde,

Mr. Kynaston.

Ived in t’ e Affirmative.

s

Bamp-

‘3,

44-

Vevens, 4.0 die Martii,

Anno 30° Georgii IE1 Regis, 1757*

Prayers.

I R Richard Warwick Rampfylde presented to the Loughborough House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, ^oa<*' widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Muir presented to the House, according to Order, C^Iafgow a Bill for regulating and improving certain Benefactions University vetted in the Rector, principal Proteflors, and Matters of ®CRC a the University and College of Glasgow: And the same was received; and read the Frft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

So it was resolved i:i the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bili be committed to Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Non hey, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Butler, Colonel Haldane, Mr Sandys, Lord Strange, Mr. Hanbury. Sir John Hynde Option, Mr. Vy"er, Sir John Crofj'e, Mr. Kvnafton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Dickson, Sir Edward Burner, Mr. Amy-and, Mr. Bat huff Mr. 'Edward Nugent, Lord Middle-Je.y, Mr. Bridgman, Lorel George Cavendish, Mr. Scott, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Kent, Mr. Selwxn, Mr. Dazvnay, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. Ofbalutft on, Lord Gage, Mr. Hill, Sir Hearn Monro, Mr. Maxwell, Mr. Breva-vion, Mr. Lcjlic, Lord Middleton, Mr. Coke, Mr. Edward Montagu. M r. Cholmondehy. Sir John Gordon, Mr. Fetch, Mr. tVhichcot, Mr. Hayes, Lord Bhomcnd, Mr. H i/khifon, Mr. Mackey, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Wynne,

Mr. Uhit worth, Mr. IV Cj

Fees of Officers of Courts of Justice.

Mr. Peachey

Vyner junior, Mr. Walter, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Vaughan, Mr li ny Vernon, Mr. Stratton, Sir Francis Poole* Mr. Henry PMiam, Mr. Offley, Mr. Murray, Lord Parker, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Thomas Mofiyn, Mr. Moflyn, Mr. Re-'CO.der of London, Mr. Moore, Mr. Mon [on, Mr. Grenville, Lord Malpas, Mr. Grader, Mr. Brill, Mr. Lewis, Colonel Honey wood, Mr. Keppel, M r. _ Herbert, Mr. Fuller, Mr. She ley, Mr. Ward, Lord ViPiers, My. Grey, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Charles Gore, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Li ticket t. Lord Adam Gordon, Lord Dozvne, General Cornwallis, Mr. Dicker, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Charles BozvvJhend, Lord Pcwerfcourt, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Brutlenell, M Bagot, Lord Robert Bertie, Mr. Alexander, Sir John /irmitage, Mr. Buller\ and all the Members who lerve for the Counties ot Wilts, Somerset, Cornwall, Devon, Do ft, Berks, and Gloucester: And they are to nvaet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Barrow, Mr, Price, Mr. Am-cctts, Mr. Barry, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Waller, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to conluler of the several Papers and Books relating to a Survey of the Officers, Clerks, and Miirffors, of the Courts of Justice in England and Wales, and to their Fees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing on or near the Road between Ruthin and Mold, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners observe, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill to repair the Road from Wrexham, through Mold, to Conway Ferry: And setting forth, that the Road from Ruthin to Mold is very much out of Repair, and in many Places dangerous to Travellers, and cannot by the Laws in being be repaired and kept in Repair: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for repairing the above Road.

Ordered, That the Cud Petition be reierred to the Con-fidention of a Committee * And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bold, Mr. Barry, Mr. West, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Yorke, Lord Strange, Mr. More, Mr. Fel/owes, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Willy,

Ruthin

Road.

Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

VOL. 27

Mr. Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Kent,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Med/ycott, Sir William Meredith, Mr.

Frank/and, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Foley, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Pi)nicy. Lord George Manners, Mr. Probyn,

Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Cust. Mr. Affleck, ’Lord Parker, Mr. Harris, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bond,

Mr. Poore, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Moore,

Mr. Gafmy, Mr. Grosvenor, Lord Malpas,'Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Bownshend,

Mr. Gore, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Waring, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Bankes, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Butler; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A McfTage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. llo/ford:

Mr. Speaker, #:

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Pirish of Melksham, through Googes Lane, Corfu m,

Bideftone, and West Yattnn, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of Wilts, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing Two several Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing Northwood Han- church Heath and Boft Green, in the Manor and Parish of Trent ham, in the County of Stafford, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Cor del Firebrace presented to the House, accord- Blyth

ing to Order, a Bill for making the River Blyth navigable, River

from Navigation.

Shaw Hill Road.

Trentham

InUotuie,

Burford

Lai>e

Koulj.

74® 4 ° Mar Hi 757.

from Halesworth Bridge, in the County of Suffolk, into

the Haven of Southwold: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Trufrees, whose Names are subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament made in the 28th Ycarot his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Burfor Lane to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, and also from Salford Hill to the Hand and Post in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester; and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of Stow, ton, Manger [bury. Swell, Slaughter, Bourton on the Waler, Rifington, Oddington, Broadwelt, and Westcole, in behalf of

themselves, and of the Inhabitants of several Villages situ-atc on or near the Cetfwold Hilts, in the said County of G/incester; and also of the Mayor, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of in the County of Worcester; was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has been presented to the House for a Turnpike Road from the Top of Broadway Hill, in the County of Worcester, through Uptonwold Lane, to the Top of Bourton on the And praying, Thai; the said Turnpike Road may be carried on from the End of Uptonwold Lane, to join as well the GloucesterJJnre Turnpike Roads at as the O.V-

fordshire Turnpike Road at Bourton on the Hill, through Lcafincourt Lane and the Parishes of Longborough,

Kington, Broadwell, and Upper Swell; which Roads are very ruinous, and in the Winter Season almost impassable, and cannot be amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and that such other Relief may be granted as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Torke, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Philipps, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Probyn, Sir John Glynn, Mr. More, Colonel Let, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Charl-

ton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ofbaldefton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Barry, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lockyer, Sir John Gift, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Strange, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Dup-ptin, Mi. Butler, Mr. White, Mr. Bacon, Mr. , Mr. Walter, Lord Parker, Mr. Gore, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Kent, Mr. Symond, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Edgatmbe, Lord Mat pas, Mr. Pye, Colonel A’Court, Mr. Fcnerean, Mr. Bankes, Mr. , Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Fisher, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Pewitey;and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Glovxefter, Hereford, Worcester, and Warwick: And they ate to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing We'} Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open 1 own Fields of IVfl Mat fen, and a small Common nLolurt' or wafie Ground thereunto adjoining, in the County of Northumberland, was read- the Third time.

Refohcd, That the Bilido pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Town Fields of West Mat fen, and a small Common or waste Ground thereto adjoining, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant ..... to their Addresses to his Majesty,

State of the Four Regiments in Minorca, 31st July in Minorca. 1755; And also.

Copies of all Orders given to Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces to repair to their respective Regiments on Duty in the Island of Minorca, from 30th A it gift 1753, to 30th of April 1756: And also.

Return of the Four Regiments and Company of Artillery arrived from Minorca under Lieutenant General Blakeney, Gibraltar, iff August 1756.

And the Titles of the said State, Copies, and Return, were read.

Ordered, That the said State, Copies, and Return, do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said State, Copies, and Return, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Samuel Marlin presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money, given for the |);fpf>ntion Service of the Year 1756, has been disposed of; distin- of Grant* guished under the several Heads, until the 4th Day of March 1757, with the Overplus thereupon: And also.

An Account of Monies issued in Part of One million granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to concert and take such Measures as might be neoeflary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprifcs or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs might require.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

C

t*

K>

— 4

An ACCOUNT Viewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1756, has been disposed of distingnished under the several Heads, until the

4th Day of March 1757; with the Overplus thereupon.

SERVICES.

A

l:or the Wages, Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 50,000 Men, including 9*138 Marines, from the lft

tf January 1756 ——

For (ho Ordinary of the Navy, including Ilalf-pay to Sea Officers -

Towards carrying on the Works of the Hospital for lick and wounded Seamen building at Hasler near Gosport -

Towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich -

Towards Rebuilding and Repairs of his Majesty’s Ships, for the Year 1756 -

Towards paying oil’and discharging the Debt of the Navy ——

'X For Ordnance, Sea Service -

P'^jTor!)0 Land Service, voted £.152,435. 5s- 6d.; bat there being a Saving on that Head, of the Sum of £.5oi. 17s. 6d. by the *5 \ Vacancy of a Chief Engineer, that Soih is deduced, and no more charged than ——

W A vror defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Ordnance for Land Service, unprovided for by Parliament -

r

tn

w

u

o

For defraying (he Charge of 34,263 Men, for his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Gucrnfn/, and Jersey, for the Year 1756 For maintaining his Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Year 1756 -

For Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, upon Account ——

For defraying the Charge of 10 Regiments of Foot ——

For defraying the Charge of 11 Troops of Light Dragoons r -

For defraying the extraordinary Expence of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 1755, not provided for by Parliament ——

For Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and to the superaimuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards -

To the reduced Officers of his Majesty fs Land Forces and Marines, upon Account -

For Pension* to the Widows of reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines - - -x -

For defraying the Charge of the Royal American Regiment of Foot, to be raised for his Majesty’s Service in North America -

For defraying (he Charge of Two Regiments of Foot ordered from Ireland to North America, and of Four Regiments of Foot 011 the Irish Establishment serving in North Aniei'ica anti East Indies -

Towards defraying the Charge of 6,544 Foot, with the General Officers and Train of Artillery, of the Troops of the Landgrave of I Life Cuff'd, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 23d of February 1756, to the 24th of December following, both Days inclusive, together with the Subsidy, pursuant te Treaty ——

To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Landgrave of lleffe CaJJ'el, pursuant to Treaty -To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Empress of Rujjiu, pursuant to Treaty -

To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty -

Towards defraying the Charge of 8,605 Foot, with the General Officers, Train of Artillery, and Hospital, of the Troops of Hanover, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 11th of May 1756, to the 24th of December foflowing, both Days inclusive -

For giving Assistance to the distressed People of Portugal, and his Majesty’s unhappy Subjects residing and trading the re -To his Majesty’s Colonies of New England, New York, and Jersey, in America, as a free Gift and Reward for their past Services, and to encourage them to continue to exert themselves with Vigour in Defence of his Majesty’s just Rights and Possessions To Sir William Johnson, as a Reward for his Services -

For defraying the Charges incurred in supporting and maintaining his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, in the Year 1754, not provided for by Parliament ——

For supporting and maintaining the said Colony for the Year 1756

5?

For defraying the Charges of the Civil Establishment of Georgia, and Expences attending the fame

For maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa -

To be paid to John Roberts, late Governor of Cape Coajl Castle in Africa, for his extraordinary Charges in the Year 1750

£ -

2,470,000 -

219,021 3 --

20,000 -

10,000 — —

200,000 -

300,000-----

130,000 — —

51.933 8 —

146,711 15 2

930,603 6 9

298.534 17 roj

53.955 19 6

9'.9*9 10 —

49,628 11 3

75.835 7 3

3.539 5 10

38,000 — —

2.484 — —

81,178 16 —

79.9 >5 6 —

1*3.357 9 9

54.HO 12 6

100,000 — —

10,000 — —

121,447 2 6

Sums voted.

£. i. d.

3,219,021 3 —

428,655 3 2

2,154»54 5 2j

100,000 -

115,000 -

5,000-----

687 2 7

55,032 19 — 3,557 10 —

10,000 — . ___

0,032 7 x

£ * d»

3,219,021 3. —

428,655 3 2

2,154,540 5 2i 100,000 ——

115,000 — — 5,000-----

687 2 7

54,435 17 3

3,557 10 —

10,000-----

6,032 7 1

Remains to be paid.

o

a

w

o

£ «> d.

597 1 9

'O

Deficient it

T*> ho p"ii«l over to James Tierney, of London, 'Merchant, Agent to several Spanish Merchants rdiding at Cadiz, Owners of the Money ami Eilccbs taken in tit v Spanish Ship Anna Maria y St. Felix ——

lowanls enabling the C’ommilliuners for JYtjlminjhr Bridge to purchase houses, bfc. for widening the Ways leading from Charing Croft io defray the Expence of erecting a Monument to the Memory of Captain Jama Cornwall -

1 owarrfs enabling the Governors of the llolpital for exposed and deserted young Children to receive therein all Children who should bo brought there be/ore the 3 lit of December 1756 ——

To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the King of Prujfiu - .

f To make g«od the Deficiency of the Malt Duty 1754, at Lady-day 175 6

\ }° make good the Deficiency of the Land Ta< 1754, at Michaelmas 1756 ——

1° make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Year 1755 ——

J To make good the Deficiency of the Half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage to the 5th of January 1756, to satisfy Annuities charged thereupon by sundry Acts of Parliament* ——

85,494 *3 57*744 2 3»038 6

1,181

Money paid for Losses by the infectious Distemper among the horned Cattle -

1 o the inc idental Expences of the Lottery, Rewards to Managers, and to (he Bank for receiving Contributions- - -

To 4’nable his Majesty to concert and take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Euterprizes or De/igns of iiis Enemies, and as the Exigency of Adairs may require, voted £. 1,000,000, but no more raised than - -

13,869 7 10 13,869 7 10

- 10,000 - 10,000

" S*000 3,000

10,000 10,coo

- 20,000 — — 20,000

7 9} 10f *i{ 217,4=»8 5 b 500 217.458 5 6 500 - —

‘,) 10,124 6 6 10,124 6 6

- 554,018 9 1 554,018 g 1

£ 6,936,496 18 »'i 1 6,925,899 17 2| io>597 9

<-n

c

Ways and Ricans towards the said Services.

£ d-

750,000-----

't,000,000 -

,987,697 9 9

83.4 2 5

255.955 n "i

1,300,000 -

700,000 -

By the Malt Duties, continued, Anno 1756,

By 4 s. per lib. on Land.

By a Lottery and Annuities for £. *2,000,000, exclusive of£. 12,302, log. 3d. allowed for interest to the Contributors.

Disposeable Money in the Exchequer.

Out of the Sinking Fund.

Out of D°.

Part of £. 1,000,000, charged on the next Aids to be granted by Parliament.

Remains to be i/Tued of Ways and Means, as on the other Side; viz.

Of Exchequer Bills on the Land Tax, Anno 1756, exclusive of the Sum of JT. s. d. ^.25,814. 18s. u}d, referred for discharging Arrears of former Supplies - - -- - 94,935 8 if

Of the Sinking Fund in full of£. 1,300,000 towards this Year’s Supply - 56,229 18 gf

151,165 6 11$

From which dedurt the Sums not paid as above - 10,597 1 9

efidue is the Overplus of the Grants, Anno 1756 - - - 140,568 5 2f

7,077,065 4 u Total Ways and Means. <b9j6,496 18 nf Total Services. 140,568 5 2f Overplus of Grants. .) Memorandum: There is referred of the Exchequer Bills, on Land Tax, Anno 1756, for Arrears of former Supplies, viz, /, s. d. For the late Marine Regiments ..... 16,506 5 2} -Building the King’s Bench Prison - - - 7,800 The African Company’s Creditors - - - - 900 12 10 Georgia Bills, in full of £. 15,496. igs. i£d, - 608 rr 11 i

£. 25,814 18 1'J

This Account, seated in Obedience to his Majesty’s Command, upon an of this honourable Iloufe,

is humbly presented this+th Day of Alarc/i 1757, by me

Samuel Martin.

jo Geo. II. 4° Martii. 75t

An ACCOUNT of Monies i(Tiled in Part of One Million granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to concert and take all fuel) Measures as might be tieceflary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprises or Ddigns of his Enemies, and as riie Exigency of Allairs might require.

To William Baker Esquire, and others. Contractors, for victualling the Forces in North America, by way of Advance -

To t'hnjlopher Kilby Esquire, to answer Bills of Exchange drawn by Charlts Lawrence Esquire, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia -

For log Days Pay of Two independent Companies of Invalids raised, from the 15th of June, to the 24th of December, 17;-) 6 ——

For 122 Dav> Pay for augmenting the Iudepcndent Company in the Island of Scilly, from the 25th of Avgvjl, to the 24th December, 17.^6 ——

r s d

To the Earl <;f Loudoun, to provide himself with an Equipage, as Commander in Chief of his Ma-

jrfty’s Forces in North America ----- - 1,000 — - —

To D* in Advance, for the contingent lies of the Forces there ----- 2,000 — —

To D‘\ to be by him paid over to John Ponnall Esquire, on Account of procuring proper Presents

for the Indians bordering on the Colonies there - -- 4,000-

For Bedding, and other Necessaries, for the Sick and Wounded of 6,000 Men added to the Forces in North America ——

3,29* 16 6 1,170 — —

1,080-

660-

For Camp Necessarics allowed the Royal American Regiment of Foot, Lieutenant General Otway's, and Lord John Murray’s, Regiments of Foot ——

For 100 Days Forage-money allowed D° ——

For Baggage Ilorfes allowed D° -

For Bas liorics allowed D° - - ~ -

For 208 Days* full Pay of Six Surgeons Mates and Nine Apothecaries Mates, ordered to attend the Forces in South Britain, from 31 ft May, to 24th December, 1756, both inclusive -

For 269 Da vs D° of Eight Surgeons Mates, ordered to attend the Forces in the Island of Minorca, from the 31st of March , to the 24th of December, 1756, both inclusive ——

For 260 Days DJ of Two Surgeons and Three Apothecaries Mates, ordered to attend the Forces in bis Majesty’g Garnfon at Gibraltar, from 31st March, to 24th December, 1756, both inclusive ——

For Ilorfe Furniture and Accoutrements allowed the additional Men of the Royal Regiment ofllorfe Guards For Bas Ilorfes allowed Nine Light Troops ——

For Camp Neeefiiu ies allowed the Two Troops of llorfe Guards -

For D° allowed the Two Troops of Ilorfe Grenadier Guards ——

For L° allowed Lieutenant General Anfiruther’s and Colonel Montagu9* Regiments of Foot -

For 100 Days borage-money allowed the Three Regiments of Foot Guards -

For D° allowed 14 Regiments of Foot ——

For Baggage Ilorfes allowed Major General Folliot’s and Colonel York’s Regiments of Foot -

For Bas Ilorfes allowed D° -----.....-

For ForagC;money allow* d the General and StaffOfticers, and Officers of the Hospital, in South Britain

To Mr. ('. itheart for Furniture, NecciYavies, Provisions, Servants Wages, and incident Charges, for the Hospital in

South Britain - -- --.....-

For Camp Nt< efiaries. Baggage Ilorfes, Bas Ilorfes, and Cherts of Medicines, for the Troops of £. s. d.

Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain ----- - 7,374-----

For Forage-money for the General and Stall’ Officers, Artillery, Hospital, and Train of I)0

Troops - -- -- -- - 3.015-----

To Colonel Amlierst, for his Allowance at £ 3. per diem, for 112 Days, from the 6th of February, to the 27th of May, 1756, which Time he was employed in the Embarkation and Dilembarkation of the II<[Hun Troops -

To D° for so much expended by him for Bread Waggons, Forage, Sc. for the said Troops, on their March out of Hrjjl to their Embarkation at Stadt -

To 1)°, as Commirtary and Conductor of the Hefliuns, for so muck expended by him for Waggons, Expresses, for the Cfe of the said Troops ——

For 100 Days Forage-money for the General and Stall Officers, and Artillery, of the said Troops in the Pay of Great Britain -

5. d.

336

1,762

100 14 — 2,167 10 —

For 122 Days full Pay of 15 Battalions of Foot from the 25th of August, to the 24th of December, 1756 -

For I.evy*money to l)u ——

For D° allowed General Otway’s and Lord John Murray’s Regiments ——

For additional General and StaffOlhcers in South Britain, Anno 1755 ——

For Marches, Freight, Baggage, <yc. for the Troops of Hanover ——

For several Deputy Commiflurics and Under Deputy Commissaries for Stores, Provisions, and Forage, for their Salaries between the 28th of April, and the 24th of "December, 1756 ——

To Mr. (aithcart for furnishing Blankets to the Hefiuns, and Allowances to the Regimental Surgeons of the Hejftans and Hanoverians ——

To Camp Ncceft'aries allowed the additional and Light Horse added to 11 Regiments of Dragoons -To D° allowed the Royal Regiment of Fuliliers commanded by Lord Robert Bertie -

To Baggage Ilorfes allowed Lieutenant General OffarreVs Regiment -To Bas ilorfes allowed 1>® -

For 100 Days Forage-money allowed D* -

£. s. d, 180 — — no-----

)95-----

To Colonel Durand, in Consideration of his Expences, as he was lately appointed Commissary in Holland for bringing over the Dutch Troops -

To Richard Otic aid Merchant, Contractor for furnishing Bread and Bread Waggons for the Forces encamped in Gent Britain, in the Year 1756, by way of Advance ——

To D®, as Contractor for Forage for the said Troops, by way of Advance ——

To Mr. Godfrey in Advance, for providing Wood, Coals, and Straw, for the Use of the Forces in South Britain To John Tomtinjbn and John llunbury, to answer Bills of Exchange drawn on them by their Agents in North America -

£ *. 36,000 -

4^<7®3 H 5

1,492 10 S

75 4 8

7,000 — L550 —

6,201 16 6

780-----

53*-----

336 5 —

580 11 6

90-----

451 8 —

386 15 4

619-----

700-----

2,370-----

360 — —

220-----

3,075-----

5,000 — —

10,389 —

4,366 5 4

73,627-----

26,250 — _ 2,820 — - _ 2-677 lo _ 417 17 2

1,397-----

927 10 — 2,443 16 6

387 4 —

485 —

300 — --

31,760 — —

32,800 — _____

18,000 — ___

This Account, stated in Obedience to his Majesty's Command, pursuant to an Addrrfs of this honourable House, is prefeuted, this 4th Day of March 1757, by me

Samuel Martin.

V01. 27.

Ordered.

Victualling Am erica a forces.

African Forts and Settlements

Clapton

Koud.

75 2 4 Mar Hi. A. 1757.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 14th Day of February last, relating to the victualling of his Majesty’s Forces in North,

be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers.

Ordered, That ’Thomas P ozena ii Esquire do then attend the said Committee.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , that there be laid before this House Copies of fuel) Parts of the Instructions given to the Captains of the Ships of War stationed on the Coast of Africa, as orders them to inspefl and examine the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, with the several Reports made to the said Commissioners, and also the Dates of the Arrival of the Ships of War from Africa in any Port in Great Britain, or of his Majesty’s Colonies, from the 1 ft January 1750, to the 24th June 1756.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this Iloufe as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, and of Wall ham Wanstead, and Woodford, and Places adjacent, in the County of Essex; and also the Petition of many of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Johns, ney were severally referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the same was read, and is as followed); vi2.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Mr. Richard Serjeant, being examined, said, That the present Communication between several Parts of London and Westminster with the great Roads into Essex,

Norfolk, and other Counties, is very inconvenient:

That if a new Road was made from Brook house at Clapton, in the Parish of Hackney, over certain Lands and Grounds there, down to the lliver Lea, at or near Jeremy's Ferry, and a Bridge built over the same at or near the said Ferry, and a new Road made from thence to Mark house Lane, cross Waltha Mead or Marsh, and over certain Lands lying between the said Marsh and Markhouse Lane, and cross the Road on the East Side of the said Lane leading to the North East Corner of Knot's Green, in the Parishes of W and Low/ayton, and from thence into the great Road near the Eagle at Snarejbrooke, in the County of Essex, was repaired and widened, it would open a much more commodious and convenient Communication between several Parts of l.ondon and Westminster with the great Roads into

Suffolk, Norfolk, and other Counties, and between all the great Roads on the West, North, and East, Parts of London and Westminster. ....

Mr. Thomas Marshconfirmed the above Evidence; and

added, That he had l'urveyed the said Read, and the Ground intended for such new Road; and that the Distance from the West End of the Lane opposite Brookhouse at Clapton, to the proposed Bridge within Fifty Yards of the l orry, is Half a Mile and Fifty-five Yards; and from thence acrot's the Marsh to the First Meadow is One Quarter of a Mile and 147 Y ards, and from thence alohg tiic Meads to the V\ eft End ot a Lane leading to Butter-fold Lane is One Quarter of a Mile and 191 Yards, and from thence akng the said Lane, through M

Lane, cross Knot's Green and Lipping Forest, to the at Snaresbrooke, is Two Miles and a Half and 190

Yards; and that the whole Distance from Clapton to the Eagle at Snaresbrooke is Three Miles Three Quarters and 143 Yards.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry; and for making, repairing, and widening, Roads from thence into the great Roads at Snaresbrooke, in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex: And that. Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proffer, the Earl of Mr. Harvey,

and Sir Cordel Firebrace, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way» resolve it Iclf into aCommittceof the whole House, to con- ind Means, fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House *uPP>y-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Ins Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regiment of Horse reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive I lalf-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’s Ships for the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot on the IrifliEstablishment, serving in North America and the East Indies, and augmenting Major General 0‘Farrel'sRegiment, for the Year 1757* referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took tho Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dirafted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Commitree of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Committed.

Towcester

Road.

Answer to

Additrfb for Papers.

African Ports amd Settlements.

Burford

Lane

Hoads.

30 Geo. II. 7 ‘M753

Limce, 7*;

Anno 30* Georgii, IIdi Regis, 1757. Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Hoad from Toivcester, through and in

the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate, in the Parish of on the

Green, in the County of Oxford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their

Address of Friday lad;, That his Majesty would be gra-cioully pleated to give Directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this I Joule, had been pre-lented to his Majedv; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed, That Mr. Jufly from the Office of Ordnance, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Adlrels to his M.ijcdy, of the 22d Day of April 1755 ('That his Majesty would be gra-cioully pleased to give Direction* to the Office of Ordnance to lend over a proper Person or Persons to insped the present State of the Fort at Annamaboe, and the several other British Forts on the Co.id of Africa, and to lay their Proceedings, with their Opinion tiiereu; on, before the House as ioon as might be; and further humbly to deft re his Majesty, That if it should be found necessary immediately to put the said Fort of Annamaboe into a proper Condition, that he would be graciously pleased to order a Sum ot Money to be issued to the Board of Ordnance for the Performance thereof; and that whatever Expences his Majesty fiiouklbe at for these Purposes, the House would make good the same to his Majesty); several Books, containing Reports and Drawings relating to a Survey taken in the Years 1755 and 1756, of the British Forts on the Coast ot Africa-, together wit): a numerical Lid of the said Books, and also a brief Recapi-. tulation on the Forts — Africa.

Arid then he withdrew.

And the said Lid, and also the Title of the said Recapitulation, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books and Recapitulation do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Books and Recapitulation are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trudecs, whose Names are liib-Icribed, in behalf of themselves, and the red of the Trudecs for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Burford Lane to Halford Bridge, in the County of Warwick, and also from Salford Hill to the Hand and Post in the Parish well, in the County of Gloucester-, and also of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, VoL. 27.

of Stow, Donnington, MaugerjSwell, Slaughter, Bourttn on the Water, Bifington,

and Westcote, in behalf of themselves, and of the Inha-

bitants of several Villages situate on or near the Hills, in the said County of Gloucester-, and also of the Mayor, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Evesham, in the County of was re-

ferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and He read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

I’o prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

John Scott Esquire, being examined, said, That he knows all the Roads described in the Petition: That the Road to the End of Uptonwold Lane is almost half-way to Stow; and that all Travellers and Carriers from Slow, Burford, and Places adjacent, must pass through this Lane to Evesham, Worcefitr, and several other Places.

And that the Farmers from Stow and on Cotfwold Hills carry their Corn through Uptonwold Lane to Evesham, to be carried by Water from thence to,

and BriJhJ, and return with Coals, and other Goods, and they will be liable to Pay a Toll at the Turnpike Gate to be erected in the said Lane:

That if the Road were continued from the End of Uptonwold Lane to join the Turnpike Road at Stow, and the Oxfordfiire Turnpike Road at Bourton on the Hill, it would be very advantageous to that Part of the Country; the said Road leading through Seafin Court Lane and the Parishes of Longborough, D Broadwell, and Upper Swell, being very ruinous, and not capable of being repaired by the ordinary Course of Law. And,

Mr. 'Thomas Lamer, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Scott in every Particular.

Ordered, That it be an Indrudion to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the ill and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the le-veral Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of Worcester, and in the Counties of Warwick and Gloucester, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the End of Uptonwold Lane, to join as well the Gloucestershire Turnpike Road at Stow as the Oxfordfiire Turnpike Road at Bourton on the Hill, through Seafin Court Lane, and the Pari (lies ot Longborough, nington, Broadwell, and Upper Swell.

A Petition of the Gentlemen and Landholders in the several Parishes of Stroud, Bijley, Minchinhampton HorJ'e-ley, and Parishes adjacent, in the County of Gloucester, for and on behalf of themselves, and many other Gentlemen and Landholders in the same Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; alleging that the Petitioners are greatly alarmed at the Application which they are informed has been made to the House for an Amendment of that Part of the Act of the 29th of his present Majesty’s Reign, and also all other Acts now in being for the Regulation of Weavers Wages; and representing to the House several bad Consequences which the Petitioners allege they apprehend will arise, in case a Bill should pass to dived the Justices of the Power of Regulating the Weavers Wages: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners that no Amendment that the House may think proper to make to this Law shall extend so far as to take away all Power from the Justices for settling the Weavers Wages; or, if the House should think, fit to alter or amend the said Laws, that a Power somewhere may be lodged to ascertain and regulate the Weavers Wages; and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act made in the

9 F 29th

Clothier*

Wage*.

Papers

respecting

▼i^ualling

American

Forces,

‘ Supply.

754

Martii.

H- '111-

19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An A<fl to render more effectual an Act passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King , to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case ofiPayment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other manner than in Money; is committed.

Mr. Samuel Martin presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Memorial of Livingston and Morris to Lord December 15th, 1756:

Instruct ions to Aleflieurs Livingston and Morris: Dimensions of the Vessels to be built at and

Inventory of Sundries to be provided therefor:

Lift of Provisions to be provided:

An Abstract of the Accounts of the 50th Regiment, commanded by Major General from the 24th De-

cember 1754, to 24th August 1756:

Warrants drawn by Mr. Shir, and Explanation, &c.

MSS-

Return of the present Strength of the 50th Regiment of Foot, with the Number of the Men iniifted since the 24th of December 1734, and the Casualties which have happened, 18th December 1736:

Lift of Rank and File Men in the 50th Regiment, at the time of the feveval Mutters:

General Shirley, h:s Account, N° 1. 1756:

General Shirley, his Account, N° 1. additional, 175$. Together with a List of the said Papers.

Ant! the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of this House.

N. B. These Papers were returned to the Treasury by

an Order of the House, of the 2d Day of May.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty’sShips, for the Year 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Three hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716, for the Year 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hundred Twenty-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand Nine

hundred Twenty-fix PoundsTwo Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Four Regiments of Foot on the Irish Establishment, lerv-ing in North America and the East Indies, and augmenting Major General O' Farrell'% Regiment of Foot, for the Year 1737.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Bagshot Order, a Bill lor repairing the Roads from Bags hot, in Road, the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge in the County of Hants, and also the Road from Bay shot to a Place called the Golden Farmer:And the lime was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble'Address be presented to pap«s l'.is Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give respecting Direct 10ns, that there be laid before this House, victualling

Copy of a Letter from Major General Shirley to the right honourable Henry Fox, dated September 5th,

1736, and of the Letters inclosed; viz.

Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Loudoun to Major General Shirley, dated Albany, 29th, 1756:

Copies of Three Letters from Major General Shirley to the Earl of Loudoun, dated Boston, September 3d, 4th, and 5th, 1736.

Copy of a Letter from Major General Shirley to Mr.

Fox, dated Boston, September 15, 1756, and the Copies therein inclosed; viz.

Copy of Major General Shirley's Letter to the Earl of Loudoun, dated B of on, August 10th, 1736:

Copy of Maior General Shirley's Letter to Major General Window, dated Bo/lon, August iotli, 1756:

Copy of Major General Shirley's Letter to the Earl of Loudoun, dated Boston, September 1.2th, 1756:

Copy of a Letter from Thomas P E Iq u i re, toaGen-

tleman in Boston, dated Albany, September 16, 1756:

Copy of the Earl of Loudoun's Letter to Major General Shirley, dated Albany, September 6th, 1756:

Copy of Major General Shirley’s Letter to the Earl of Loudoun, dated Bojlcn, September 13th, 1756:

Extract of the Earl of Loudoun's letter to the Com.

mittee of War at Boston. dated September 13th, 1756:

Copy of Major General Shirley's Letter to Sir Thomas Robinson, dated Camp at Oswego, September 19th, 1755:

Copy of Major General Shirley's Letter to Sir Thomas Robinson, dated Camp at Oswego, September 28th, 1733:

Copy of the Minutes of a Council of War held at ivego on Lake Ontario, 18 th September 17 5 5:

Copy of the Minutes of a Council cf War held at Oswego on Lake Ontario, 27th September 1755:

Copy of Major General Shirley's Letter to Mr. Fox, dated Albany, May 6, 1756:

Copy of Major General Shirley’s Letter to Mr. Fox, dated Albany, May 7th, 1756:

Copy of Captain Bradstreet's Letter to Major General Shirley, dated Oswego, August 17th, 1755;

Copy of Major Rutherford's Letter to Major General Shirley, dated Albany, 30th September 1735, inclosed in Mr. Shirley’s Letter to Sir Thomas Robinson, dated York, December 19th, 1735:

Copy of the Earl of Loudoun's Letter to Major General Shirley, dated Albany, 20th August 1756, inclosed in Mr.

Shirley's Letter to Mr. Fox, dated Boston, September 4th,

*756.:

Copy of Major General Shirley’s Letter to Major General Wjnjlow, dated New York, July 26th, 1756: Copy of Major General Shirley's Speech to the Aliena-. bly o( the Mafl'achufets Bay, dated August 30th, 1756: \

Copy of Captain Vickers's Letter to Major General Shirley, dated Boston, September 14, 1756:

Copy of Captain Vickers's Letter to Major General Shh-ley, dated Boston, September 20th, 1756.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty

30GHO. II. 7° Mar Hi.

755

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Victualling Ordered, That Major General Shirley do, upon Thutf-

/rneriean Jay Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole Forces. House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers relating to the victualling of his Majesty #s Forces in North America.

Ordered, That Major James Kinneer do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That William Alexander Esquire do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, Thar Captain John More do atterid the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Robert Cliejhyre do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Captain Carden do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Cunningham do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Lewis do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Doctor Robert Kirkland do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Nathanael Cotton do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Bradford do attend the said Committee at the Time time.

Accounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

o f Licence count of the A mount of the several Duties on Licences for retailing ffirituous Liquors, trom Lady-day 17:2, to Duties! 5*h April 1756, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for rc-taiurg spiri* uo is Liquors, from Michaelmas 1751, to lorh Cel'.-her: 756, diicinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account oi thegrois and net Produce of the Duty on Wine Licences, from 25m December 1750, to 5th January 1757, d’.ilinguishing each Year.

Ordered, "1 hat there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of the Persons licensed to fell Wines, from 25th December 1750, to 5th January 1757, dii-tinguishing e. ch Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Hates p.ud for Licences to tell Wines, and of the Number of Persons paying such several Hates, from 25th December 1750, to 5th January 1757, ^tliin-guishing each Y7ear.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sa'ancs, Wages, and Rewards, payable to the Agents for granting Licences to fell Wines, and to the several Officers under them, from 25th December 1750, to5th January 175", distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That* there be laid beiore this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Stamps on News Papers, for Seven Years, from 2d Atigufl 1749, to 2d August 1756, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Ad-veitiiements, for Seven Years, from 2d August 1749, to 2J August 1736, distinguishing etch Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Pamphlets, for Seven Years, from ad August 1749, to 2d Auy aft 1756, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered) Thatxhve be laid before this House, an Account of the grois and net Produce of the Duty on Almanacks, for Seven Years, from 2d August 1749, to 2d August 1736, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the grots and net Produce of the Stamp Duty on Licences granted to fell Wine, for Seven Years, frorrt ad August 1749, to 2d August 1736, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Account of the Produce of the Six-penny Stamp Duty granted

Vol. 27.

by an Act of the 12th of Queen Anne, for Seven Years, from 2d August 1749, to 2d of AuguJ't 1756, distinguishing each Year.

An ingrossfed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields, common Pastures. common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wolfhampcote, in the County of lVanvicky was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 5. To leave out <4 said

Pr. 33. L. 16. To leave out " from," and insert " for."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the!able accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thai the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and w:\fte Grounds, within the Parish of Wolf-ham pcote, in the County of Warwick,

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Isham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain do lay before this House, an Account of the Ships, Number of Men, Number of Guns, and Weight ot Metal, on board each Ship in Admiral Bxnf s Squadron on the 20th of May last.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, do lay before this House, Copies or Ext raft? of all Papers, so far as they relate to any Intelligence of the Names of the Ships, Number of Men, Number of Guns, and Weight of Metal, on board each Ship in Monsieur Galltfionere's Squadron on the 20:h of May last, with the Date of the Receipt of such Intelligence here.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account where Lord Robert Bertie's Regiment was quartered when it was ordered to march to Portsmouth, when it came there, and what Regiment or Regiments were then in Quarters at that Place, or in the Neighbourhood thereof; and also all Orders sent to the said Regiment, relative to its Embarkation on board the Fleet commanded by Admiral Byng\ and also the Returns of the said Regiment at the time of its Embarkation, and for a Month previous thereto.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, Copies of the Secretary at War’s Orders to General Fozvke, relating to the putting on b.autl Admiral Byvg's Squadron a Battalion from the Garrison of Gibraltary and the Dare of the Receipt of those Orders.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgessics of the Town of Nottingham, in Common Council assembled, was preferred to the House, and read; expressiing the Concern of the Petitioners to find, that, in the Bid f -r the better ordering of the Militia Forces, it is proposed to unite the Town o(Nottingham to the County at large, to lerve the Purposes of that Bill, and thereby render the Militia of the Town of Ao///Vif//^«.lublervicnt to Officers not chosen by the Corporation, contrary to the Constitution of the said Town and Corporation, and in Diminution of their ancient Rights and Franchises: And therefore re* quefling the House, in settling the intended Militia Act, to take the valuable Franchises ard Privileges of the Petitioners, which the Wisdom of Parliament hath always Regarded and preserved, into their most serious Consideration, and to order that the Town of Nottingham may remain as a County of itleif, leparared fmm the County of Nottingham; and the Burgessics and Inhabitants of the Town of Nottingham'may ot themselves provide a fixed Quota in One Company, with all proper Officers over them, of the respectable Burgesses to be cholen by the Corporation, as the Mayo; and Aldermen are chosen, and

Wolfhamp-

cote,

&c.

Inclosure.

Papf1!

relating

Admiral

Byng’i

Squadron:

MUithe

Mi lull. /

Fees of Officers of Courts of JuAic*.

Importation of Iron.

Militia.

Ways

and Meaus.

Supply.

Militia.

756 7° — 8"

then having proper Commissions to rank with, and have all Privileges of, Militia Officers in Counties at large, without being limited to any fixed Estate for a Qualification.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Burgestes, of the Town of Nottingham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; reciting the preceding Petition; and alleging, that if the Militia to be raised in the said Town be not made a Part of the Militia of the County at large, and proper Officers appointed over them, under such Qualification as the House shall think fit, it will be oppressive to the Petitioners, and the said Militia will be rendered of no Effect: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration: and that the Petitioners may have such Relief therein as to the House fiiailfeem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to fie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed.

Sir John Philipps, from the Committee, to whom the several Papers and Books relating to a Survey of the Officers, Clerks, and Ministers, of the Courts of Ju dices in England and Wales, and to their Fees, are re-

ferred, acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move the House, That the Committee may have Power to examine any Per Ions they shall think fit, in the modfolemn manner.

Ordered, That the said Committee be impowered to examine such Persons in the most solemn manner, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inflrudion to the said Committee, That they have Power to report their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House.

A Petition of the several Dealers in, and Manufacturer* of Iron, in the Town and County of New cofile upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That Bar Iron brought from North America Would answer the Purposes of the Manufacturers, and the Importation of if would tend to the great Advantage of this Kingdom and also that of the Colonies: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for allowing Bar Iron to be imported Duty-free from America into Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of , under their Common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great

Martii. A. 1757.

Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to, by the House.

Another Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, fume of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bili be rc-committed with respect to the Provision of the Number of Militia Men to be raised for the Tower Hamlets, and the rest of the County o i Middlesex. '

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed toa Committee of the whole House. i

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, with respect to the said Provision.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, with respect. to the said Provision.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That

they had made several other Amendments to the Bill accordingly; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir John Philipps accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, with rcl'pect to the said Provision; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Reports be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Westphaling, Sir Kendrick Clayton, WestmlnUn Mr. Fitzroy, Sir Rd. Warwick Mr. George Strati.

Onslow, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Smith, Colonel George cawen, Mr. fVigley, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Mr.

James Colebrooke, Lord Fane, Sir Johir Gordon, Sir John Morgan, Mr. Tozvn/hend, be added to the Committee, who are appointed to consider of, and report to the House, proper Methods for the better paving, enlightening, and cleansing, of the Streets of the City and Liberty of minster, and Precinct of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

; Martts, 8° die Martii;

Anno jo’ Georgii IF* Regis, 17^7.

Pravf.rs.

AM E S S A G E. from the Lords, by Mr. E/de and Mr. Montagu,:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to 0^;^, prohibit,.far a limited Time, the Making of low Wines from com.

and

Jeffreys'

Jb.U'.c*

Alcrnbury

Hill

Roads*

Answer to Address for Tapers.

Thomson’s

-Nat.

Hertford

Road.

30 Geo. II. 8° Mar til.. r 757

and Spirits, from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain; or from any Meal or Flour; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Mary Jeffreys, the Wife of Jeffrey Jeffreys Esquire, a Lunatic, and the Committee or Committees of his Estate, for the Time being, to make Leases of the Tart s and Shares of the said Mary Jeffreys, of divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, deviled by the Will of Sir William Morice, decoded, during the Continuance of the said Lunatic’s Interest therein: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this I louse.

A^d then the Meftlmgers withdrew.

A Bill for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads between a Place called t lie White Post on AI cor bury Hill, and Wanfford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and between Norman Croft Hill, in the said County, and the City of Peterborough, wit h respect to the Elections of new Trustees, the Power of compelling Persons employed by the Trustees in the Execution of such Acts to deliver up such Books and Papers relating thereto, as are in their Custody; and also to the Manner of summoning and holding the Meetings of the Truliecs; was read a Second time.

Refolded, That tire Bill be committed to Lord Carys-fort. Sir John Gift, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Eli is, Sir Francis Poole, Mr Bayntun, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Prollor, Mr. Crafter. General Ouftczv, Mr. Fuller, General Cornzvallis, Mr. Nugent, Lord Dozvne, Mr. Fellozves, Sir John Rifti-out, Mr. Hanger, Lord Bateman, Mr. Ridley, Mr. 6/-v:ius, Mr. Powell, Mr. Sandy?, Mr. Gere, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. EEre, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr. Lev eft n Gower, A r. Feme;:, Mr. Off a!deft on. Sir Matthew Lam be, Mr. Plurner, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Aldworth, Earl of Upper Oftory, Mr. Muir, Mr. Whi chat, Mr. Thynne, Mr. Poole, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. 1 rift, Mr. Foley, Mr. Poore, Mr. Wynne, Mr. White, Mr. Tovefshend, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Phiilipps, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Northey, Mr. Ah ddelt rat, Sir // iliiam Meredith, Mr. Medlycot, Lord George Manners, Mr. Lr.ckyer, Mr, Lyftter, Mr. Lee, Mr. Eynafton, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Croft venor. Sir John Gordon, Mr. Fonereau, Sir Richard Graft venor, Mr. Boone, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Barrozv, Sir Cor del Finely ace, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Nicholas Bay/y, Mr. Chaplin, Colonel John Boftcaveen, Mr. Turkc, Sir William Codrington, Sir Willoughby Aftton; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Northampton, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Chute for appointing additional Trustees to put so much of the said former Acts, as relates to the said Roads, in Execution.

The Lord Bateman reported to the I louse, That their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleated to give Directions, That the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been pretended to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this Huufc, That lie will give Directions accordingly.

- An inurodid Bill Lr naturalizing John Jacob Thomftons, was read the Third Ue.va

Rof thed, That tl:e Bill do pads: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Thom fans.

Ordered, That Sir IF iliiam Pn and: amp Pro Ear do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deihe their Concurrence.

An ing:\viTed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Bast End or the Town of Hertford, in tire County of Hertford, through Wat ton, to It readier a ter, and from the Town oi Ware, through Wat-ten, to the North End of the Town of FFalkcrn, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Vl)L. 27.

Re ft he d, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Her ford, in the County of Hertford, through Wat ton, to Broad-water, and from the Town of Ware, through Walton, to the North End of the Town of Walkevn, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Braftey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mafrer, Warden, Searchers, Assistants, and Commonalty, c( the Company of Cutlers, in ILdlum- -shire, in the County of York, under their common Sea!, waspresented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Price of Bar Iron is of late Years greatly advanced, and likely to become yet higher, and to be a great Burthen on the Labour and Trade of the Petitioners; and that Bar Iron, made in the British Colonies in America, would be very useful, and answer manyPurposes of the Petitioners Manufactory: And therefore praying, That Bar Iron, made in his Majesty’s Colonies in America. may be permitted to be imported into all the Ports of this Kingdom Duty-free; and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall lean meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to considerof the Petitiomof the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Briftiol, under their common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign 01 his’present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render mu, re eftlchr.d an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his hue Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Com-binations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures; and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation oft he Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein: and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeitureappointed by the aforesaid Act, in cale of Payment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other manner than in Money; is committed, That they do admit the Clothiers, and others employed in the \Vroollen Manufacture, of Stroudicater, and Places adjacent, in the County of Gloucester, who petitioned this House upon the 7th Day of February lath, for the said Bill, to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, in favour of the Lid Bill, against the Petition of the several poor and dif-treffed Broad Cloth Weavers of the Parishes of Stroud, Minchinhampton, Biftey, and other adjacent Pari fires and Places, in the County of Gloucester, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more of their distressed Brethren.

A Bill for regulating and improving certain Benefactions vested in the Rector, Principal, Professors, and Masters, of the University and College of G/afgozv, was read a Second time.

Reftlved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Muir, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Potter, Mr. A holy near, Mr. bulicr, Mr. Medhsott, Sir John Glynn, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Kynofton, Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ojzca/d, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Elliott, Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. More, Mr. Rriftozve, Mr. Gore, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Rice, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Bond, Mr. Samuel Alar tin, Mr. Tozvnfhcnd, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Cr after, Mr. Spreads, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Trift, Sir IFilloughby After:, Mr. Gajhry, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Colebrooke; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Importation of Iron.

Ctothiera

Wra££s.

Glafoow Uni verity BciicLtiions.

L-

Duke of Richmond* Duty on Coals.

758 8b Mat At. 1757.

A Petition of the mo ft noble Charles Duke of Richmond, Lenox, and Aubigny, was presented to the House; and read; reciting, That King Charles the Second, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 18th Day of December in the 29th Year of his Reign, did, for the Increase of the Revenue, and better Support of the Honour and Dignity of his Son Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and the Heirs of his Body to be begotten, and for other Confident ions, grant unto his said Son the Sum of 12 d. for every Chaldron of Sea Coals, or Pit Coals, of the Water Measur of Newcastle upon Tyne, which, at anytime thereafter, should be fold, shipptd, carried, or vended, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, forth or out of the River or Haven of 1yne, belonging to the Town of New-cq/l/eupon Tyne, to be spent in the Kingdom of England, and not transported beyond the Seas (except as therein is excepted); and also the several Rents or yearly Sums of /. 1,838. 12s. 6d. and /. 612. 171. 6d. due and payable, and to be due and payable, to his said late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, on several former Demises of the' said Duty, to hold and enjoy the same to the 1’aid Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and the Heirs of his Body, lawfully begotten or to be begotten; subject, neverthe-lcls, to the Payment of the Yearly Sum of/. 500 to Sir Thomas Claries Knight, his Heirs and Assigns, according to a Grant made to him thereof; yielding and paying the refore to Ids Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the yearly Rent of/. 1. 6r. 8<A; and also reciting, that, by virtue of the said Letters Patent, the Petitioner, upon the Death of his Father, became feiled of thelaid Coal l3uty, to him and the Heirs of his Body; and alleging, that the same will go to the Petitioner’s Daughters, in calc hefbould die leaving Daughters only; and that the Petitioner, in order to support the Honour and Dignity of the Title, is ddi-rous that the said Coal Duty should be limited to him and the Heirs Male of his Body; and, in Default of such Issue, to his Brother Lord George Henry Lenox, and the Heirs Male of his Body; and in default of tuch lfluc to the lleirs of the Body of Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, his Grandfather, instead of the present Limitations thereof by the said Grant; and further alleging, that a Treaty of Marriage having been had and lately concluded between the Petitioner and the honourable Lady Mary Bruce, Daughter of the right honourable Charles late Rail ofyf/Ay^/n^sdeceased, the Petitioner hath proposed, in Consideration of the said intended Marriage, and of the Portion of the said Lady Mary Bruce, to make a Grant of /. 3,000 a Year to the said Lady Mary Bruce, to issue and be payable out of the said Coal Duty, to her and her Af-ligns, during her Life, as a Jointure, in case she shall survive the Petitioner *, and that the said Lady Mary, and her Trustees and Guardians, are willing to accept thereof, in lieu and bar of the Dower and Thirds of the Petitioner’s Estate, to which the said Lady Mary Bruce might otherwise be intitled; but, by reason of the Minority of the said Lady Mary Bruce, the said Proposal cannot be carried into Execution, nor can the Limitations in the said Grant be varied without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; and that the said Treaty of Marriage having but very lately been brought to a Conclusion, the Petitioner could not present his Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, within the Time limited by the Order of the House for prelbnting Petitions for private Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to the Petitioner to present his Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to vary the Limitations in the said Grant of the Coal Duty, in the manner herein before-mentioned: and likewise to enable the said Ltdy Mary Bruce and her Trustees and Guardians, to accept ct the said Jointure of/. 3,000 a Year, pro-poted by the Petitioner, in lieu and bar ot her Dower, and Thirds of the Petitioner’s Estate.

The House was moved, Ylvat the Journal of the House <rf the 21 ft Day ot February' 1734, relating to Leave give n to Miry AGguur to exhibit a Petition to this House aft er the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bins, might be read.

~ 14

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, upon Consideration only of the particular Circumstances of the same let forth in the said Petition of the most noble Charles Duke of Richmond, Lenox, and Aubigny, Leave be given to exhibit a Petition for bringing in a Bill as desired by the said Charles Duke of Richmond in his said Petition, just now read.

Then a Petition of the most noble Charles Duke of Richmond, Lenox, and Aubigny, was prefen ted to the House, and read; containing the same Recital and Allegations, relating to the said Treaty of Marriage, as are mentioned in the lash recited Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring a Bill into the House to vary the Limitations in the said Grant of the Coal Duty in the manner before-mentioned; and likewise to enable the Lady Mary Bruce, and her Trustees and Guardians, to accept of the Jointure of /. 3,000 a Y"ear, proposed by the Petitioner, in lieu and bar of her Dower and Thirds of the Petitioner’s Estate.

And a Motion being made. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant 'to the Prayer of the said last mentioned Petition;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with the Contents of the said Petition, had commanded him to acquaint the House, that his Majesty gives his Con-ftnt to the bringing in such a Bill as is desired by the said Petitioner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Fox and Major General Conway do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

General CornzvaHis reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of West-minster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive Proposals from Persons, who will undertake, by Contract, to widen the Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall; and that they do report the same to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for cn-larging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Ken!, and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Good-nels: And that Mr. George Onslow, the Lord George Sackvil/e, Mr. Gy a ben. Sir 'Thomas Rales, and Mr. Jones > do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Earle presented to the Iloufe, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Account of the Quantity of military Srores in the Garrison of Saint Philip's, in the island of Minorca, on the 1 ft Day of January 1756; no State thereof having been received since that time.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill to enable Thomas Turner Esquire, and his lfluc, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Pay-At, was read the Third time.

Rcfulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Thomas Turner Esquire, and his

Issue,

Improvement

of

Charing

Croh.

Rye and Dover Harbour*.

Account of Siorcs in Minorca.

T irrtr’s Name.

Roads v

Ditto.

Laws

resetting

iij*hiva^5.

30 Geo. It* 8° Martii.759

Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of John Philipps, the Lord Strange, Sir Francis pay ter. Mr. Ridley, and Mr. Fazakerley, do prepare, and bring

Ordered, That Mr. Powelldo carry the Bill to the in, the fame.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, be- Cal! of the

J n f

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Coun- ing read; lou

cil, of the City of Bath, in Common Council duly O, That the Call of the House be further ad-afllmbled, was presented to the House, and read; taking journed till this Day Three Weeks.

Notice, That a Petition has been presented to the House,

for Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Punishment Powers granted by an Act, passed in the tzth Year of the solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon of Cheats. Reign of his present Majesty, for amending and repair- the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Cheats; and ing the Roads therein mentioned; and for granting Power for the further preventing the Embezzlement of Goods for amending the several other Highways leading to the and Apparel by those who are intruded with them; and laid City; and for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the for preventing Gaming in public Houses;

Streets, and regulating the Chairmen, and <also for keep- Ref oh e d. That this House will, upon Seren-

ing a sufficient and well-regulated Watch in the Night- night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole time, within the said City, Liberty, and Precincts; and House, upon the said Bill, alleging, that the Rain and Snov/ Waters falling from the

Tops and Sides of the Houses and Buildings, some of the The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the p Lanes and Streets being very narrow there, is very incon- Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for divid- Marston venient: And-therefore praying, That Piovision may be ing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, Inclosure: made in such Bill to oblige all Owners of Houses within common Meadows, common.Grounds, and waste Grounds, the said City and Liberties to bring down the Water from the Manor and Lordship of Pryors in the

the Roofs of such Houses or Buildings, by proper Pipes, County of Warwick, was committed; down the Sides of Walls of such Houses or Buildings; Ordered, That the said Order be postponed. and also to oblige all Coal Carriages to pass by (he Borough Wa’ls of the said City, during the Night Season; The other Order of the Day beingrcad- for resuming Militia, or to grant such Relief in the Premises, as to the House the adjourned Consideration of the Reports from the Com-shall Item meet. mittees of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the bet-

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition ter ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the of that Part of Britain called England, was com-

City of Bath, in Common Council duly assembled, and mitted, and re-committed;

also of the Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Glow Ordered, That the further Contention of the said eester, Wilts, and Somerset, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Reports be further adjourned till Morning next,

and Freeholders, residing in and near the said City,

was referred, be revived. The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition, now presented, of the Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom Pnocs

Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, of the City of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields,

Bath, in Common Council duly assembled, be referred to common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, ° 0 utf* the Conlifleration of the said Committee: And that they and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as Marston, in the County of Warwick, was committed, it shall appear to them, to the House. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, being, by Parties concerned had given their Cunfent to the Bill,

Act of Parliament, Commissioners of the several Turn- to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Mr. Ken-pike Roads leading to the City of Bath, was presented to nedy, possessed of Half a Yardland, who is beyond the the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition has Seas; Thomas One of the Committees of a Lu-

been presented to the House, praying a Renewal of the natic’s Estate, confiding of One Sixth-part of a Yard-said Acts; and desiring, that several additional Roads hmd, who declared himself against the Bill; but Job may be amended by the said Act; and alleging, that t he Bafelcthe other Committee, consented; Richard Davis,

Petitioners shall not be able to put the said Laws in Exe- puflefled of One Yardland, who said he would be di-cution in a proper Manner, and to fulfil the several retried by his Brother; Ann Davis, possessed of One Trulls reposed in them by the said Acts, unkfs a greater Yardland, who is Non compos mentis-, Thomas Number of Commissioners are appointed, with additional possessed of One Yardland and a half, who declared him-Povvers to raiie a larger Sum of Money on the Credit of lelf against the Bill, because it would be an Expence to the said Act, and a Power given them of appointing him; John Key, possessed of Three Quarters of a Yard- ,

their own Clerk and Treasurer, and of compounding land, who said he would be against the Bill; Isaac Alliott, with such Potions ns are by the former Acts exempted possessed of Five Eighths of a Yardland, who laid he was from paying Toll, and unless additional Powers are given very old, and, if he had been a young Man, he would them to put the said Acts in Execution: And therefore have contented; Edward Hall, possessed of One-half praying the House to take the Premises into Confident- Yardland, who said he would not interfere, but owned it tioti, and to give the Petitioners such Relief as the House would be an Improvement; William Ellington, possessed shall think proper. of Half a Yardland, who declared himself against the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Rib; William Reeve the elder, possessed of One Eighth ft derat ion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the of a Yardland, who said, if he was young, he would Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City consent; William Reeve, possessed of One Eighth of a of Bath, in Common Council duly assembled; and also of Yardland, who laid nothing against tl.e Bill, and owned it the justices of the Pence for the Counties of Gloucester, would be an Improvement; Robert Bradjhazv, peflefled Wills, and Somerset, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, of Half a Yardland, who said it would improve his Elbte

and Freeholders, residing in and near the said City; is re- to near twice the present Value, but would not consent; fared. George Bracijhaiv, possessed of One Quarter of a Yard-

land, who is a Minor; Moses Burden, possessed of Half Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to a Yardland, who admitted it would improve his Estate, render more effectual the several Laws now in being for and did not declare against it; the Heir at Law ot Mr. the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways Samuel Lamprey possessed of Three Yardlands, who has and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom: And that Sir not been applied to, the said Sarnie! having signed the Ycl. 27. Bill

J.cmshhoron^h

Road.

Papers

rc!Pe*t:;>£

victualling

Xnv'ncan

luJCXS.

760 8° — 9"

Bill, and being since dead; Mary Flower, who has an Kftue for Life in One Eighth-part of a Yardland, who declared against the Bill; Thomas Join if on, possessTed of lomeodd Lands, who declared against the Bill; and Mrs. Pit eh lev, John Turner, and John johnson, who together are Proprietors of One Yardland, and have not been applied to; that the whole Lands intended to be inclosed consist 0: Seventy-one Yardlands and Five Eighths; and that none of the Parties appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be now read.

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And die Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners of Lands lying and being dispersed in the open and common Fields of Pryors Mar ft on, in the County of Warwick, whole Names arc thereunder written, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition; and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the said Bill were heard; and examined a Witness, and went through the Evidence, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition:

And the Counsel lor the Petitioners against the said 13iil was heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine or the Clock.

Mcrcurii, 90 die Martii;

Arho 30° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1757. Prayers.

\ B1L L for amending, widening, and keeping in Rc-Jf\ pair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the down of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of LeicefDr, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rd. Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Kxnafton, Sir Roger Neivdigale, Mr. JMed/yrott, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Tor he. Sir John Glynn, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bagel, Mr. Ward, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Armine IVodehottJe, Mr, Affleck, Sir Cor-del Firebrace, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Robert Burden, Mr. Grove, Mr. Infer, Mr. Olmins, Mr. Lee, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Moore, Mr. Cocks, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Braden ell, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Bertie, Colonel llo-nyzvooJ, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bankes, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Budgen; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Wav-wick, Derby, Northampton, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed. That Mr. Wood, from the Office of one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of Sure, attended at the Door;

lie was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Home, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Copy ol a Letter from Major General Shirley to Mr. FjX, dated Bojton, September 6th, 1756; inclosing Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Loudoun to Major General Shirley, dated Albany, August 29th, 1756: Copies of dnree Letters trom Major General Shu ley to the Ful ot Loudoun, dated Boston, September 3d, 4th, and 3th, 1736;

Martii. A. 1757.

Copy of a Letter from Major General Shirley to Mr.

Fox, dated Boston, September iz, 17:56; inclosing

Copy of Major General Shirley's Letter to the Earl of Loudoun, dated B eft on, August 10th, 1736:

Copy of Major General Shirley s Letter to Major General Win flow, dated Bftcn, Aitgnfl 10th, 1736: ,

Copy of Major General Shirley s Letter to the Earl of Loudoun, fated Boston. September 12th, 1736:

Copy of a Letter from Thomas Pozvnall Esquire, to a Gentleman in Boston, dated Albany, August 10,

1756:

Copy of the Earl of LondoiM s Letter to Major General Shirley, dated Albany, September 6th, 1736:

Copy oi Major General Shirley's Letter to the Earl ot Loudoun, dated B eft on, September 13 th, 1756:

Extrail of the Earl of Loudoun's Lener to the Committee of War at Boston, dated September 13th, 1756:

Copy of Major General Shirley's Letter to Sir Thomas Pwbi)iJr//i,i\txt(id Camp at Oswego, September 19th, 1753:

Copy of Major General Shirley's Letter to Sir Thomas Robhfn, dated Camp at Of verge, September 28th, 1755:

Copy of the Minutes oi a Council ot W ar held at Of wego on Lake Ontario, iCth September 1735

Copy of the Mtmucs of a Council of W ar held at Of wego on Lake Ontario, 27 th Sept ember 1755:

Copy of Major General Shirley s Letter to Mr. Feu, dated Albany, May 6, 1736:

Copy of Major General Shirley's Letter to Mr. Fox, dated Albany, M<iy 7, 1736:

Copy of Captain BrudfreeBs Letter to Major General Shirley, dated Ofweeyj, August 17th, 1755:

Copy of Major Rut her/ eras Letter to Major General Shirley, dated Albany, August 30, 1735; inclosed in ?\ir.

Shirley's Letter to Sir Thomas Robinson, dated New Turk, December 19 th, 1735:

Copy of the Earl of Loudoun's Letter to* the Governor of Mciffachufr.it*s Bay, dated Albany, August 20, 1756:

Extract of Major General Shirley s Letter to Major General Winftow, dated New York, July 26th, 17^6:

Copy of Governor Shirley's Speech to the Assembly of the MassachuftPs By, dated August 30th, 1736.

The Two following Papers were never received at the Secretary ot State’s Office:

Copy of Captain Vickers's Letter to Major General Shirley, dated Bftcn, September 14, 1736:

Copy ot Captain Vick.rs's Letter to Major General Shirley, dated Boston, September 20th, 1736.

Together with a i hit of the said Copies and Extracts.

And then he withdrew.

And tuc lav ] Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Extracts do lie upon the Table, to be p: tiled by the Members of the House.

The laid Copies and Extracts are preserved amongst the other Papers ol this Session.

An ingrefied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act JoW to enable Mary Jeffreys, the Wife of Jeffrey Jeffreys Esquire,a Lunatic, and the Committee or Committees of his Eiiate, for the Time being, to make Leaies of the Parts and Shares of the said Mary Jeffreys, of divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, deviled by the Will of Sir William Moriee, cle-ccaled, during the Continuance of the said Lunatic’s Intereli therein, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Air. Wright reported from the Committee, to whom M At 8 the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Mark- had. fuld Turnpike, in the County of Lcieefrer, over Charley, otherwise Gkarnwood, For eft, through the Town of IT hit-wick, and from thence, through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Riley Lane, near to a Place called Snap Gate, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gore through the Bill, and

made

Regulating the Marine Forces.

Shipfion Toll Gate Ro-d.

Whit gift lucioiure.

Da Ion Wharf Road.

Renfrew

Roads.

30 Geo. II. 90 Martii. 761

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. IVaple:

Mr. Spealcer,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Third, and the other in the Seventeenth, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Shffion foil Gate, at Bridgtozvn, in the Parish of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alder minfiev and Shipfion upon Slower, to the Top Of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of Warwick', and also for repairing the Road leading from the First Mile Stone (landing on the said Shipfion Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mick/eton and Chipping Campden to a Place called Andover s Ford, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords hive agreed to the B;h, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosme; a certain Piece of Pasture

O P

Ground cal ed Whitgift Failure, in the C aunty ot York; and forgiving a Compensation, in lieu of Tithes, to the Impropiiator of the Rectory ok Whit gift aforesaid; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Budgen presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the North End ot Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Gu/dcjord, through Guide ford, to Alford Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary s Gate in Arundel, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Mackye reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the justices of Peace, and Trustees for the Turnpike Roads of the County of Renfrew, in behalf of themselves, and others, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and haddirested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the 2^th and 27th Years of his present Majesty’s Reign, were read; whereby it appeared that several Tolls and Duties were granted for the Term of Twenty-one Years, with a Power to borrow Three thousand Pounds on the Credit thereof, for repairing the Reads mentioned in the said Acts.

And a Member present informed your Committee, That large Sums of Money had been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Tolls, which, together with the said Tolls, had been duly applied for the Purposes of the said Acts; but that it will be necessary to borrow a much larger Sum of Money, in order to carry the said Acts cflcftu-ally into Execution, which cannot be done without a further Prolongation of the Term granted by the said former Acts:

That the several Roads mentioned in the Petition leading to the City of Glasgow, are in a ruinous Condition, and not capable of being repaired by Law:

And that if a Bridge was built cross the River of Inchin-Vol. 27.

nany at or near tlufpresent Ferry in the Road from Ren-jrnv to Greenock, it would be a great Advantage to that Part of the Country.

Ordered, That Leave be given, to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, to far as the same relates to certain Roads mentioned in the said Act, and also to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more efreftual, an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, and to repair several other Roads leading to the said City; and for building a Bridge cross the River of Inchinnan: And that Mr. Mackye and Mr. Muir do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Lttdcvick Grant have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the Borough of Kings Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the lLule, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners arehumbly of Opinion, that the Importation of Bar Iron from his Majesty'sslmcrican Colonies, without Duty, into any Part of Great Britain, will be a national Benefit: And therefore praying, That a Bill ter that Purpose may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it isreferied to consider of the Petition of the Master,-Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of (he Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Samuel Martin presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

General Shirley his Account, N° I. 1755:

General Shirley his Account, N° 2. 1755:

General Shirley his Account, N° 3. 1753:

General Shirley his Account, E. 1753:

General Shirley his Account, N°4. 1755:

General Shirley his Account current, 1735:

Sir Charles Hardy s Warrant to Henry Cruger, Paul Richard, and William Walton, Esquires:

General Shirley his Account, N° 1. 17^5:

General Shirley's Account current with Irving, Alexander, and Morris: (

General Shirley his Account, N° 1. 1756 — Provisions: General Shirley his Account, N° 2. 1756 — Navy: General Shirley his Account, N° 3. <756 — Whale

Boats, Battoes, Oars, Paddles, GY. entrenching Tools,&c. General Shirley his Account current, 1756:

Sir Charles Hardy s Warrant to Henry CrHger, Paul Richard, and William Walton, Esquires:

General Shirley his Account, N° 1. 1756 — Addition: General Shirley his Account, N° 2. 1736 — Addition: General Shirley his Account, N° 3. 1756 — Addition: General Shirley his Account current, 1756.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said Accounts and Warrants, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

N. B. These Papers were returned to the Treasury, by an Order of the House of the Second Day ot May.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Comrmltee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordship of Pryors Mar ft on, in the County of War wick, was committed, be now read.

9 II And

Leave of Absence.

Importation of Iron,

Papers

retpefting

victualling

American

Forces.

Prvors

Martfon

Inclosure.

Victualling

America/i

forces.

762

Martii.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Confederation of the said Report.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for repairing the Roads before they are fenced in:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which was fiiled up:

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put. thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Vincent Cunningham do, Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole

4- *757-

House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Papers relating to the Victualling of his MajestyN Forces in North America.

Ordered, That Ensign Grant do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Ensign Erving do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jcf. iValworth, Quarter-mailer, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Mr. Hunter, from the Commissioners for executing the N»t Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented ^i. to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty’s Navy on the 31st December 1756.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth j viz.

Navy

30 Geo. II.

Martii.

763

Navy Office, 7 An ESTIMATE of the DEBT of His Majesty’s Navy, on the Heads hereafter 4th March 1757. j mentioned, as it Hood otl the 31st December 1756.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports:

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores Freight of Transports, supplied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills, registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty’s several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1756, as also to several Bills of Exchange -To his Majesty’s Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary - For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council, on that Behalf - - - - -

Seamens Wages:

Due, to pay thcMen,£3V. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea-pay on the aforesaid 31 1756

To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties toWidows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea,

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty’s Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisionsdelivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid aift December 1756 - -

For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due, for the Quarters an I Cure of lick and wounded Seamen seton Shore trom his Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Service -

The Total amounts to the Sum of Two million Six hundred and Eighty thousand Three hundred and Twelve Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings From whence deducting the Money in the'

Treasurer’s Hands -As also the Monies that remained to come I in of the Supplies of the Year -The Debt of the Navy will then be Two million Two hundred Thirty-eight thousand and Nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence Halfpenny

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports, between the i(\. January 1756, and31 following

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between the ift January 1756 and 31st December following, amounts to -

For which Sum of£. 174,313.7*. 2fffi no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The Net Debt of the Navy will then be Two million Sixty-three thousand Six hundred Ninety-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Three Farthings

as on the other Side.

Particulars.

TOTAL.

£. s. 518,215 19 — 8,066 14 8

171,689 11 6

182,388-----

25>473 6 —

*11.134 5 7

1,208,021-----

41,921 12 8

£ d.

905,833 12 z

1,361,076 18 3

*3>937 12 4 247>35° 18 9

33,004 10 2

10,905 10 11 22,025 18 4

1

327,224 10 6

«6>*77 4 7t

2,680,312 5 6£

188,620 13 i|

253,681 15

442,302 8 3*

2,238,009 17 3*

116,772 4 10

57.54* 2 4!

----- *74.3*3 7 2I

1

2,063,696 10 —

G.Cokburne, Theo.Slade, IV. Bate/y,

G. Adams, fV. Bateman, D. Dent. VoL. 27.

Dan. Divert,

Memorandum:

g

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

rT

Memorandum: THERE was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy,on the 31st December 1756, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

<1

on

On the Heads of*

In whit TREASURERS Hands. In MONEY. t Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports. Seamens Wages. Victuals. A t - , / TOTAL.

Right honourable George Esquire, (ill Treasurership) ----- f In Money - - 1 D°, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen £ 5»767 8 d. io£ £ 2,919 38 s. 16 d. n| 4i £ SI J. IO d. -2i] - £ . 8,782 s. 16 dI 4 i

Right honourable Henry Legge Esquire, C*In Money - - - I D*, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 7,582 10 5 1,916 55 4 15 21 5 2,605 16 -5i] ... 13,160 6 Si

Right honourable George Grenville Esquire, (ift Treasurerthip) - ..... f In Money \ D°, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 4,492 16 " m 1,701 1,008 8 12 5! 7 7>843 9 - 15,046 6 si

Right honourable George Dodington Esquire, (ad Treasurerthip) ----- f In Money ----- I D°, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 17.433 18 4,518 6,115 11 12 — 1 8 S>°*5 18 -51) - 33.° 94 — 2}

Right honourable George Grenville Esquire, (2d Treasurership) ----- J In Money ----- 1 D*, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 8,645 *5 I 96.382 7,466 *5 J3 4* 1 6,042 — !4} "8.537 3 81

43.922 8 5 122,123 IO 2 22 574 14 61 - 188,620 J3

VO

There remained, on the 31st December 1756, to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1756

£ s’ d. 233,681. 15.

9

4C

rr

F-

rs

Martii. \ 1757.

30 Geo. II. o6 Martii. 765

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

j

Htrlow A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the

RoaJ. Counties of Hertford and Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice, That a Bill is depending in the House for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the high Roads from the Park Gates ot Edward Esquire,

in the Town of Hit chin, in the County of through

the Town of Skefford, and through Carrington Cotton End to a Farm -House called St. Leonard's, at the End of the Town of Bedford; and also the high Road from the Turning out of the aforesaid Road int Field, through

the Parishes of Henlozv and Clifton, and through Hill Lane, Caldecot, and Hatch, to Gerford Bridge, in the County of Bedford:And alleging, that the Road from the Turning out of the said Road at or near the End of H’nlozv Town, leading over Henlozv Bridge, to the

House of Richard Edwa Esquire, in the Parish of Arisen, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in tome Places, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods preferred by Law: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road from the End of Henlozv Town, over Henlozv Bridge, to the House of the said Richard Edwards Esquire, in l'uch manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it fluii appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Prozvfe, Sir Francis Poole, \Ir Elliott, Sir John Turner, Mr. Mr. Mackenzie, Mr.

George Onslow, Mr. LMr. Mr. Mr. Fell owes, Mr. More, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr.

Briftowe, Mr. 7'orke, Sir Matthew Mr. Trifl,

Mr. K)>lafton, Mr. MedlyMr. Mr. Ridle v, Mr. White, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr. Hares,

Mr. Bankes, Mr. Poore, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. 01-tnittt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Godolphin. Sir William Calvert, Mr. Bond, Sir Cordel FiMr. Crafter, L ad pas, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. West, Mr. Vernon, Mr Lewis, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Ga-Jhry, Mr. Remit nr., Mr. Selzvyu, Lord George Cavendish; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

Selling The Order of the Day being read, for taking intofur-

‘Corn by ther Contldcration the Report from the Committee who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price ol Corn and Bread for the future, and to report the same to the House with all convenient Speed;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the Floufe to

1 Weans, resolve itself' into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his AJaiefly;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, reioive itlcif into the said Committee.

upply. The otj1£r Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further or the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account/hewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1756, has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 4th Day o fMarch 1757, with the Overplus thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, that the Estimate of the Charges of support-Vol. 27.

ing and maintaining the Settlement df his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monevpaid, and Charges incurred, by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova , for the Year 1755, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " 1756 — -Copiesof " all the Orders and Acts of the Commissioners and Trustees, and also the Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of George Blamire Gentleman, Treasurer " to and for the said Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act " passed in the 24th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying out, making,

" anq keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage

of Troops and Carriages from the City of to

" the Town of New c aft le upon Tyne, far as the fame

" relates to, or concerns, that Part of the said Road " which iics in the County of Cumbebe referred

to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, — " The Twelfth " Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of " Tzveddcl Gentleman, Clerk and Treasurer to and for the Commissioners and Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution an Act passed in the " Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his present Maiefly, intituled, An Act for laying out, making, and " keeping in Repair, a Road proper for the Passage of " Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlifte to the " Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, so far as the same relates to, or concerns, that Part of the said Road which " lies in the County of Northumberland," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed

J

him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton alf) acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may hava Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this Floufe will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Postponed Order of the Day being read, for taking Selling into further Consideration the Report from the Com- ot Cprn mittee who were appointed to consider of proper Provi- by Weight, fions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future, and to report the same to the House with all convenient Speed;

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

Resolved, That this House will now resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Petitions, which have been presented to the Floufe in this Session of Parliament, relating to the buying and selling of Corn and Grain by Weigtit and Measure, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itlell into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

9 I And

Cow

Caui'ey

Roads.

766 9* — i o° Mar til. A. iiS7-

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JoviS) I o* diMartii;

Anno 30* Georgii II'li Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

MR. Ridley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act pafi'ed in the 20th Year of the Re’.gn of his present Majesty, for repairing the high Road leading from the North End of the Cozv near the

Town of Neivcajtle upon Tyne, to the Town of,

and from thence to Butkton Burn, in the County of Northumberland-, and for making the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Cholmley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of common Ground in the Manor of in the County of

York; and for giving Compensation to the Prebendary of Strenjall aforesaid, and his Farmer, and the Vicar of Strenjall, in lieu of their respective Tythes and eedefia-stical Dues out of the said Parcel of Ground: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That, Mr. Wtljtrd, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; 'and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of all the public Debts at the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, Handing out at the fifth of January 1757 (being Old Christmas Day), with the annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

9

Strenfall

Inclosure.

Account of Public Debt.

jo Geo. II.

i o’ Marta.

767

To the honourable the Knights* Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Ak ACCOUNT of all the public Debtsat the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, {landing out at the 5 th 0 ary 1757 (being Old Christmas Day), with the annual Interest, or other Charges, payable for the fame.

Exchequer i

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and feribed to the So Sea Company - Ditto - - for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contributed - -

Ditto - - for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after what is fallen in by Deaths -

Exchequer Bills made out for Interest of old Bills - -

Note, The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, being annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the 1,000,000 charged on the Deductions of 6 d.per £. on Pensions, &c. nor the Sum of £. 700,000 charged on the Supply Anno 1757.

East India Company:

By Two Acts of Parliament, 9* Willi. Reps, and Two other Acts, 6* & 9" Anna Regina, at £. 3 per Cent.

Annuities at C-3Per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1744, charged on the Surplus

of the additional Duties on low Wines, Spirits, and strong Waters

Bank of England:

On their original Fund at £.3 perCent. per Ann. from the 1 ft of August 1743 For cancelling Exchequer Bills, 3° GPrimi Regis -Purchased of the South Sea Company -

Annuities at £. 3 { per Cent, per Annum, on the Duties on Coals, lAc. since Lady-day 1719-

Ditto - - at £-3$pw Cent, per Annu, charged on the Surplus of the

Funds for Lottery 1714 Ditto - - at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1746, charged on the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, since Lady-day 1746 Ditto - - at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Sinking Fund by the

Act 23* GeorgiiSecundi Regis, and subsequent Acts of aS'and 29 Regis

Principal Debt.

£. S. d.

1,836,275 17 ioi

108, ICO-----

83*055 !4

2,200 -

Ditto - - charged on the said Fundi £. s. d.

by the Aift 25* Georgii Secundnat £ 14,984,455 18 4. Regis - -)at £. 3 2,716,867 18 — )

Ditto - - at£. 31 per Cent, per Annum, charged on the said Fund by the Act 29* Georgii idi Regis -

Memorandum: The Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lottery 1745, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 9 a Ticket, w'hich amounted to £.12,500, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £.20,214. ior. j and the Subscribers of £. too to the Lottery 1746, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of i8r. a Ticket, which amounted to £.45,000, but is now reduced, by Lives fallen in, to £.40,489; which Annuities are an Increase of the National Debt; but cannot be added thereto, as no Money was advanced for the fame

South Sea Company.

d.

On their capital Stock and An-iat £.4 per Cent. - 3,662,784 8 6 fl

nuicies, 90 Georgii Primi Re-Sat £.3^ per Cent,*5,335,720 5 [

gis; - Oat £.3. perCent. - 6,026,805 — 5 j

Annuities at £.3 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1751, charged on the Sinking Fund -

3.200.000 -

1.000. 000-----

3.200.000 -

500,0 do-----

4.000. 090 — —

1 >7 5°>^o-----

pA

1.250.000 —

986,800 -

'o.iS?,*1 5

I7.70L323 16 4

1,500,000

Annual Interest, or; other Charges, payable for the fame,

£. s. d:

136,453 12 8

7*567-----

10,047 12 —

97*285 14 4

r

30,401 15 t

100, poo. — —

17.500 —

141,898 3.

61,159-----

43,750 — —

34,538-----

340,585 2 9

615,846-----

52.500 — . —

60,703 !«"-

25,025,3°9 13 ii* 878,632 11 of

2,100,000

£. 74,780,886 8 2$

64,181 5 —

2,673*140 7 ii

Memorandum:The Accounts of the Exchequer continuing to be made ,up to the old Quarter Days, is she Reason that this Account is made up to the 5th of January 1757 Christmas Day), arid not to Christmas Da via ft, as dire died by the Order of this honourable I louie.

Exchequer, the 10th Day of March, 1757. 1

Vol. 27.

E. mtfordc

>. t, 1

1 -j:

i >n > r

Ordered,

a

.1

Corfhim,

Roadi.

Blyth

River

Navigation.

Committees.

Supply.

768 10° Martii. A. 1757.

Ordered, That {he said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the bill, depending in the House, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from a Place called the Crof Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Parish of Corsham, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Eajion Bridge, in the County of Somerset: And alleging, that the Petitioners are Owners of Lands through which it may be necessary to carry the said Road, to make the tame commodious and useful for Travellers; and that as the Petitioners apprehend the repairing of the said Road will be of public Advantage, they are desirous the said Bill may pals into a Law: And therefore praying the House to take the Premif’es into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for making the River Blyth navigable from Halesworth Bridge, in the County of Suffolk, into the Haven of Southwold, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cordel

Firebrace, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. More, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Mr. Ridley, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Gore, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Poole, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Of-baldeston, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lyster, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Foley, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Walter, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Crowle, General Cornwaliis, Mr. Hanger, Lord -

tiers, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Malpas, Mr. Ward, Mr. Barrow, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Smith, Mr. Tempest, Sir John Mr.

Sir Robert Long, Mr. Popham, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Price, Sir Nicholas Bayly, Mr. Sir Robert Burdett,

Mr. Pitt, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Mr. Alderman

Beckford; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That air Committees be revived.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and af-rerwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to discharge the like Sum raised in pursuance of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, and charged upon the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in this Session of Parliament.:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Seven hundred Eighty-nine Pounds-Five Shillings and One Penny, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for sup-porting and maintaining the Settlement, of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 17^7.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Fifteen thousand Three hundred Eighty-one Pounds Four Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charges incurred by supporting and maintaining the Settlement of his Majesty’s Colony of Nova Scotia in the Year 1755, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for repairing and finishing a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Car lijle to the Town of Tyne-,

whereof the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be paid to the Commissioners and Trustees acting within and for the County of Cumberland; and the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, the Residue of the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds, to be paid to the Commissioners and Trustees acting within and for the County of Northumberland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-seven thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Remainder of the Exceedings of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1756, not provided for by Parliament.

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

The Amendment following was proposed to be made thereto; viz.

After Majesty," to insert " upon Account."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Com- -mittee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for repairing and finishing a Road proper for the Passage of Troops and Carriages from the City of Carlisle to the Town of New upon

Tyne-, whereof the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to be paid to the Commissioners and Trustees aifting within and for the County of Cumberland; and the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, the Residue of the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds, to be paid to the Commissioners and Trustees aifting within and for the County of Northumberland.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whose House, to consider of the several Papers relating to the victualling his Majesty’s Forces in North America;

Ordered, That all Papers relating to the victualling of his Majesty’s Forces in America, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, and which are not already referred to the said Committee, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Papers relating to the Demands made on behalf of several his Majesty’s Provinces in North America, and others, for the Expences incurred by them in taking and securing the Island of Cape Breton, with the Town of and its De-

pendencies,! which were presented to the House upon the 15th Day of March 1747, be referred to the said

Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Come mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progrel's in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whose House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Ordered,

Victuallinj

American

Force*.

30 Geo. II. io" — 11* Martii. 769

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered upon, were agreed toby the House: And several Amend-to attend the said Committee this Day (except Thomas ments were made by the House to the Bill.

Pozvnall Esquire) do attend the said Committee upon Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* Monday Morning next. gross'ed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 11° Martii;

Anno 30° Georgii IP' Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

Wingcnvonh HP H E Lord George reported from the Com-

jnctoiure. J| mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain common Pastures and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Winger worth, and in the Hamlet of Tupton, in the Parish of North , respectively,

in the County of Derby, was committed, That the Committee had examinedthe Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Robert Clay, who is possessed of about Three Acres, to whom Application had been made to lign the Bill; which he refuted, but laid he had no Objection to the lame; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with thcAmend-ments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there-

The House being informed. That some of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of thegrofs and net Produce of the Duty Accounts of on Stamps on Newspapers, for Seven Years, from 2d m<1

August 1749, to 2d August 1756, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Advertisements, for Seven Years, from 2d 1749, to 2d August 1736, distinguishing each Year! And

also,

An Account of the grols and net Produce of the Duty on Pamphlets, for Seven Years, from 2d August 1749, to 2d August 1756, distinguishing each Year: And ailo,

An Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Almanacks, for Seven Years, from 2d August 1749, to 2d August 1756, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the grols and net Produce of the Stamp Duty on Licences granted to fell Wine, for Seven Years, from 2d August 1749, to 2d August 1756, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Produce of the Sixpenny Stamp Duty, granted by an Act of the 12th of Queen Anne, for Seven Years, from 2d August 1749, to 2d 1756, distinguishing each Year.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Stamp Office, March 10th, 1757.

Aw ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Stamps on Newspapers, for Seven Years, from

2d August 1749, to 2d August 1756, distinguishing each Year.

The gross Produce, Prom 2d August 1749, to 2d August

Nunrber of Stamps at 2 d, each. Duty.

7>3>3>766 £ s. d.

-. *75° *5>237 — i

- 1751 7,271,658 >5»>49 5 9

- >752 7»*44>326 16,342 6 11

*753 7,675,286 15,990 3 7

- >754 8,179,072 I7>°39 >4 8

- >755 8,639,864 >7.999 >4 4

- 1756 10,746,146 22,387 16 1

57,670,118 120,146 I 7

N. B.. The net Produce cannot be distinguished in the above Account

from the gross Produce, the same being blended with several W. Puller, pro Comptroller, other Duties in the Charge of Management.

Matt. Kenrick.

W. Blair.

R. Tkompfon.

G. Whitmore.

VOL. 27.

110 Ma

j. 1757.

Stamp Office, March 10th, 1757-Am ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Advertisements, for Seven Years, from 2d August

1749, to 2d August 1756, distinguishing each Year.

1 1 1 1 i Duty oil Ail vert ife-ments, at is> eacii.

Tire gross Produce. From 2d August 1749, to ad August ----- - >75© - 1751 - 175.2 " >753 - >754 - >755 1756 £. s. d. 6,113 19 4 6,320 3 — 7>652 7 ~ 7>151 6 — 7,915 7 — 8,955 >4 — 8.477 3 —

X £ 52,585 19 4

W. "Puller, pro Comptroller.

N. B. The net Produce cannot be distinguished in the above Account from the gross Produce, the same being blended with several other Duties in the Charge of Management.

Malt. Kenrick.

IV. Blair. R. Thompson.

G. Whitmore.

Stamp Office, March 10th, 1757.

An ACCOUNTof the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Pamphlets, for Seven Years, from 2d August 1749,

to the 2d August 1756, distinguishing each Year.

- Duty on Famphlcts, at is. far Sheet.

The gross Produce.. From 2d August 1749, to 2d August - >75© - ,751 - >752 - >753 - >754 - >755 - >756 £. s. d. 233 >7 3 437 9 >99 — 3 2 57 6 — 71 9 — 206 5 6 355 >4 6

1,760 14 3

W. Puller, pro Comptroller.

N. B. The net Produce cannot be distinguished in the above Account from the gross Produce, the same being blended with several other Duties in the Charge of Management.

Matt. Kenrick.

IV. Blair.

R. Thompson.

G. Whitmore.

jo Geo. II.

11" Martii.

77>

Stamp Office, 10th March, 1757.

An ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Almanacks, for Seven Years, from

2d August 1749, to 2d August 1756, distinguishing each Year.

1 Number of Stamps Number of Stamps

at 1 d. each. at id. each. Duty.

The gross Produce.

L, d.

From ad August 1749, to ad August - 1750 3°9,538 196,974 2,951 3 10

— ----- i7j, 304,236 >93.957 2,883 '9 2

— — - - - 1752 338.97z 95.25° 3>°39 9 4

— ~ - *753 333.126 204,378 3,091 3 6

— - '754 324,048 204*200 3,351 17 4

— ----- ,?55 32^.* 73" 209.300 3 > °3 4 5

— — »756 3c/> 746 220,400 3,118 18 IO

2,243,839 >.424.459 2’,209 l6 5

W. Puller, pro Comptroller,

N. B. The net Produce cannot be distinguished in the above Account from the gross Produce, the same being blended with several other Duties in the Charge of Management.

-Mat/. Kenrick.

IV.Blair.

K. T liompfon.

G. Whitmore.

Stamp Office, 10th March, 1757.

An ACCOUNT of the gross and net Produce of the Stamp Duty on Licences granted to fell Wine, for Seven Years, from ad August 1749, to ad 1756, distinguishing each Year.

The gross Produce. From 2d August 1749, to 2d August

Number of Stamps at 4;. each. Duty.

-MS0 6>554 £ d. 1,310 16 —

- *751 7,101 1,420 4 —

- '752 7»'52 1,430 8 —

- >753 7»7°4 1,540 16 —

- >754 5,7°° 1,140

- »755 8,201 1,640 4 —

- '756 7,961 1,592 4 —

5°,373 10,074 12

W. Puller, pro Comptroller.

N. B. The net Produce cannot be distinguished in the above Account from the gross Produce, the same being blended with several other Duties in the Charge of Management.

Matt Kenrick.

W. Blair.

R. Tkompfon.

G. Whitmore.

t

VOL. 27.

St. Luke’s Poor.

Sutton

Coldfield

Inclosure.

Jlontt'Omrric's

Estate.

Rye and Dover Hai hours.

fcitto.

Henlow

Road.

772 11 0 Martii.A. 1757.

Stamp Office, 10th 1757.

Ah ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Sixpenny Stamp Duty (granted by an Act of the 12th of Queen

for Seven Years, from 2d August 1749, to 2d

From 2d August 1749, to 2d August

Matt. Kenrick.

W. Blair.

R. Thompson.

G. fVhitmore.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the ascertaining and collecting the Poor’s Rates, and for the better ordering and regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of , with-

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Warden and Society of the King’s Town of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, to grant Part of a Common called Sutton Coldfield Park unto Simon Luttrell Esquire, and his Heirs, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Lilias Montgomerie, of Skelmovly, to fell Lands in the County of Renfrew; and to lay out the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands of the said Lilias Montgomerie, in the County of Air; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. George Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its antient Goodness: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of such Surveys, Reports, and other Papers, relating to the Harbour of Rye, in the County of and the

Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, which arc in the Possession of the Trinity House, London.

Mr Charles Gore reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, of the Counties of Hertford and Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; *and

August 1756, distinguishing each Year.

Number of Stamps. Duty.

603,97a £. s. d.

- 1750 15,099 6 —

- 17151 589,014 14,725 7 —

- 1752 661,174 x6>529 7 —

- 1753 556,895 13,922 7 6

*754 614,015 l5'3S°7 6

- 1755 593>l96 14,829 18 —

1756 626,424 15,660 12 —

4,244,690 io6,t 17 5 —

IV. Puller, pro Comptroller.

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Bury, being examined, said, That he knows the Road turning out of the Roads mentioned in the Petition, at or near the End of Henlow Town, which leads through a Lane called Nornill Lane, over Henlow Bridge, to the House of Richard Edwards Esquire, in the Parish of Arlfea, which is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in some Places, and incommodious to Travellers: That in the Winter Season some Part thereof is very deep and founderous: That Passengers are often obliged to go about; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods prescribed by Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the high Road from the Park Gates of Edward Radcliffe Esquire, in the Town of in the County of Hertford, through the Town of and through

Carrington Cotton End to a Farm-house called St. Leonard's, at the End of the Town of; and also the

high Road from the Turning-out of the aforesaid Road into Henlow Field, through the Parishes of Henlow and Clifton, and through Hill Lane, Caldecot, and , to Gerford Bridge, in the County of Bedford; is committed, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Henlow, through Nornell Lane, and over Henlow Bridge, to the House of Richard Edwards Esquire, in the Parish of Arlfea, in the County of Bedford.

The House being informed. That Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purliiant to their Order, an Account of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, from Michaelmas 1751, to 10th October 1756, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Account of Duty on Licence!

11%

March, &c. Drainage,

Hibbie

Bridge.

(5<Hat tiling Road.

Ruthin

Road.

30 Geo. II. 1 t' Martiu

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Am Account of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, from Michaelmas 1751, to

10th October 1756, tliftinguishing each Year; viz.

From Michaelmas 1751, to the 10th 1752

From the 10th October 1752, to the 10th October 1753 From the 10th October 1753, to the 10th October 1754 From the 10th October 1754,10 the 10th October 1755 From the 10th October 1755, to the 10th , 1756

Exchequer, the nth Day of March 1757.

E. Wilfo

£ s‘

- 8,676 14 4*

16,982 9 2

- 19,23 c 11 8f

- 16,572 11 10

I7,727 4 0

£. 79,194 II 1

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Up-well, in the isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Roy/lon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Hardinge, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. West, Mr, Torke, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Coventry, General Cornwallis, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Lord

Parker, Mr. Townshend, Mr. More, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Tri/l, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Fellow es, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Anson, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Brudenell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. GodoJphin, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Gybbon. General O/z-/ow, Mr. Stanley, Sir ZJ/Z/r Cunliffe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Gibbons, Mr, Butler. Mr. Lewis, Mr. Amcotts, Sir Jo/w Glynn, Mr. Walpole, Sir Armine JVodehoife, Mr. Pelham, Sir CroJJe, Mr. Probyn,

Lord Strange, Sir Richard Lloyd, Lord Register of 6V0/-Za;/*Z, t e MalLroft'ie Rolls, Mr. ZVc^Z, Mr. Alderman Baker-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ribbie, between the Townships of Preston and Penwor-tham, near a Place called the Fish House, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, y and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Butler presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Godalming, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of DuncJon Hill; and from Petivortk to Stophum Bridge, in the County of Suf-sex: And the same was received; and read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Lynch Gotten reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, residing on or near the Road between Ruthin and Mold, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to repou the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and'he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Griffiths, being examined, said, That he knew the Road from Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to Mold, in the County of Flint, which is ruinous, You 27.

and in many Places too narrow; and that the same cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law. And,

Mr. John Bennet confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Griffiths.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for amending, w’dening, draining, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, and through the Towns of Halkin and Holywell to the Town of Rhuddlan, in the same County, and from thence through the Town of Abergeley. in the said County of Denbigh, to the Ferry House opposite to the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, to Mold, in the County of Flint.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Commonalty, Regrator# of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Glou- porc^cr8 cester, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners believe, that the Miseries and Hardships to which the poor and laborious People in the said Borough and Neighourhood are reduced, and the present Price and Scarcity of Corn, are occasioned by the Badgers of Corn and Millers, who, for several Years pafl, have constantly travelled round the Country to buy Corn at the Farmers Houses, or by Samples, which prevents the same being exposed to Sale in public Markets, so that the Poor have no Opportunity of buying it there; and more especially so, as many of those Badgers are Millers, who convert the same into Flour, which they fell out Wholesale; and that if the Provisions made in several Acts of Parliament, in relation to Badgers of Corn, were explained, and further Restrictions laid on Badgers, and a more easy and shorter Method prescribed for conviding Persons offending against the said Acts, the same would in a great measur prevent the pernicious Practice of engrossing Com, and greatly tend to the reducing, and for the future prevent, the excessive Price of Corn in that Borough and Country; and that by reason of the present Irregularity of Measuresufed in different Markets it is importable for Magistrates to fix an equal and just Assize of Bread: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Cou Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for set- 0fKuiWs tling a certain yearly Sum upon the right honourable Settlement. Anne Fitzroy, commonly called Countess of Eufton, Wife of the right honourable Augustus Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of Eufton, out of certain yearly Pcn-fions issuing out of the hereditary Revenue of the Ex-cife, and comprised in certain Letters Patent bearing Date the 22d Day 0iQftober, in the 26th Year of the

9 L Reign

774

"Reign of King Charles the Second, ia Part of the Jointure agreed to be secured to her upon her Intermarriage with tha said AugustusEarl of

Mr. Speaker leit the Chair.

The Lord Dupplintook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had made foine Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee Jo move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, r/ter the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Militia. The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the further Consideration of the Reports from the Committees of the whole House, to whom the Bill for tire better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called , was committed, and recommitted;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Reports be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rc-and Means solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses Rated the 5th of 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses, Rated the 10th of 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1756, has been disposed of; diRinguished under the several Heads, until the 4th Day of March 1757, with the Overplus thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

A MefTage by the honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman L flier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Royal Affect The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Com-to mission, for declaring his royal Assent to several Acts,

Bills. agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate

Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mi\ Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission, under the great Seal, was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the royal Assent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and allb impowedng his royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of , the Lord Pre-

fident of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Duke of the Duke of

Dorset, and the Lord Sannamed in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth;

An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour:

An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty’s Marine Forces, while on Shore:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the Bottom of Shaw Hill, in the Parish of through Googes

Dine, Corf: am, Ri:ldeston, and West Yat ton, to the Turnpike Road at Upper Combe, in the Parish of Castle Combe, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the Third, and

15

A. 1757,

the other in the Seventeenth, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate called Ship/tonToll Ga/est Bin the Parish

of Old Stratford, in the County of Warwick, through Alderminster and Shipston upon Slower, to the Top of Long Compton Hill, in the said County of; and also

for repairing the Road leading from the FirR Mile Stone Randing on the said Shipston Road, through a Lane called Clifford Lane, and through Mickleton and Chipping Camp-den, to a Place called Andover's Ford, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for confirming and eRablishing Two several Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing Northwood HanchurchHeath and T Green, in the Ma-

nor and Parish of Trent ham in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Piece of Pafiure Ground, called Whitgift Pain the County of York; and for giving a Compensation, in lieu of Tythes, to the Impropriator of the Rectory of Whitgift aforesaid.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the Wm

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. '

The Order, made this Day, for the House to resolve Counted itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of EulWi further of the Bill for settling a certain yearly Sum upon Settlement, theright honourable AnneFitzroy, commonly called Coun-

ted of Eufton , Wife of the right honourable Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of , out of certain yearly Pensions issuing out of the hereditary Revenue of the Excile, and comprised in certain Letters Patent, bearing Date the 2 ad Day of October, in the 26th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in Part of the Jointure agreed to be secured to her, upon her Intermarriage with the said Augustus Earl of Eufton; after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day; being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee 01 the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps have Leave to mak a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an InRruftion to the Commit- High tee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions Mceof for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the C8rn' future; and to report the same to the House, with all convenient Speed; That they do inquire into the Abuses of Millers, Mealmen, and Bakers, with regard to Bread, and consider of proper Methods for preventing the said Abuses, and for better settling the Assize of Bread.

Ordered,

11° Martii.

-; Prii

Irwic is Hal

1

1

1

hi

1 lap

lu

High Price of Corn*

Warwick Shire Hall.

Pains Hill Lane Road.

30 Geo. II. 11° — 14* 775

Ordered, That Sir John Glynn, Mr, Sandys, Lord Parker, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Craven, Mr. Symonds, Lord Strange, Sir Morgan, be added to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

' Lunce, 14.0 die Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, Dealers in Corn, and others, residing in and near the Town of in the County of Gloucester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was

presented to the House, and read; representing to the House several Methods, which, the Petitioners apprehend, would be a great Means to prevent the Scarcity of Grain in this Kingdom: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and to make such Provisions therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Warwick, whole Names are underwritten, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Francis Stratford Esquire, being called, informed, your Committee, That the Shire Hal! for the County of Warwick, being so much decayed as to render it extremely dangerous and unfit to be used, hath been taken down, and tome Progress hath been made towards rebuilding it: That the Exp nee of rebuilding it will amount to £. 4,000 ;which Sum cannot be raised without the Assistance of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in Repair, the Shire Hall of die County of Warwick: And that Sir Mordaunt,

Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. Craven, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, Inhabitants of the Parities of Dunsfold, Bramley, and other Places, in lire County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Jetting forth, That the Lane called Hill Lane, lead

ing out of the Road between the Borough of and Alford Bars, at a Place called Smith Brook, in the Parish of Bramley, to a Place called Andrew's in the

Parish of Dunfold, in the County of Surrey, is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law; and taking Notice, that a Bill is brought into the House for repairing the Road leading from Dapdon Wharf, through the Borough of Guldeford to Alford Bars, in the said County: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the hid Bill for repairing the said Road from Smith Brook to Andrew's Cross.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Poore, General Onslow, Mr. Ridley, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Symonds, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.' Budgen, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Martin,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Charlton, Lord Verney, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Cor del Fire brace, Mr.

Fellowes. Colonel A'Court, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Vol. 27.

Mr. Alexander, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. More,

Mr. Toung, Mr. Morton, Mr. Bond, Mr. Gore, Mr. Of-umid, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Vernon, Sir Thomas Palmer,

Mr. Crafler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mackay, Lord Dup-plin, Mr. Lane, Mr. Lee\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey and Stssex: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Jerry’s enable Mary Jeffreys, the Wife ot Jeffrey Jeffreys Esquire, a Lunatic, and the Committee or Committees of his Estate, for the Time being, to make Leases of the Parts and Shares of the said Mary Jeffreys, of divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, devised by the Will of Sir William deceased,

during the Continuance of the said Lunatic’s Interest therein, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Olmius,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fellowes, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Webb, Mr. More, Mr. Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. White, Mr. Townjhe Mr. Vernon, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. PMr. Poore, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Pye, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mackay, Sir George Lee, Mr.

Alexander, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Amyand, Mr.

Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Greatheed,

Mr. Symonds, Mr. Co/ebrcoke, Mr. Triff, Sir John Crosse,

Mr. Medlycott, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Ly-fler, Mr Calvert, Lord Downe, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Cholmley, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Ycrke, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Kaughan, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Brill owe, Mr.

Budgen, General Onslow, Mr. WMr. WMt.

Marton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Somerset, Dorset, and And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Covf an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his pre-lent Majesty, for repairing the high Road leading from the North End of the Cow Caujeynear the Town of A ewcaflleupon Tyne, to the Town of Be ford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of Northumberland-, and for making the same more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ridley, Mr. Webb, Sir Thomas Clavering, Sir Matthew therftonhaugh, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Bacon,

Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Deiaval, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Charlton, Sir William Calvert, Lord Sir

Robert Hi/dyard, Mr. Jennifon, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Lcck-

yer, Mr. Harbord, Lord CaryforMr. Cartwright,

Mr. Hanger, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Kynaston,

Lord Shelburne, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Olmius, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Powell, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Pdimer. Lord Strange, Mr.

Hewett, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Northey, Mr. More, Mr.

Trifl, Mr. Crafler, Mr. Watson, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Pye, Mr. Fuller, Mr. ir

Edmund Isham, Mr. Harvey, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr.

Hammond, Sir Thomas Palmer, General Onslow, Mr.

Budgen, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Cocks, General Holmes, Mr.

Yorke, Lord Downe, Mr. Townshend, and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Northumberland, Cumberland, Weflmor eland, Lane after, 7'srk. and Durham: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cluck, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lane and Mr.

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for the dividing and inclosing the common

Fields,

Thornton

Inclosure.

Rye and Dover Harbours

Berks

Writ.

Fulford

Inclosure,

140 Martii. 1757.

Fields, common Meadow Grounds, and Common er Waste, in the Town ship of Bij in the County of

the City of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing , otherwil'e

Bishop Thornton, Moor, {tinted Pastureor Common, within

the Manorof Bishop Thornton with , in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofi'ed.

A Petition of several Merchants and Owners of Ships, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of t hem-selves, and others in the Port of , was preflnted to the House, and read; taking Notice, That Application has been made to the House, to have the Terms and Powers of the Act for restoring the Harbour of Rye to its antient Goodness, further continued; and reprdeming to the House, that, notwithstanding the heavy Tax upon Shipping, by which a large Sum of Money has been raised, yet the moil difficult and expen five Parts of the Works are not completed, nor can the said Harbour ever be made (erviceable to the Navigation of these Kingdoms; and as the Money borrowed is paid off, and the Term already granted does not expire till 1765, praying, That the said Term may not be enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powersgranted and continued by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent, and for reftoiing the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sr if. Jex, to its antient Goodness, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of ? Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Berks, in the room of Penyjctfe Powney Esquire, deceased.

The Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Manor of ,in

the County of Torir, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except William Smith, who has a Right to One Cottage, and about Two Acres of Field Land; Christopher Waite, who has a Right to One Cottage, and Two Acres of Field Land; the Objections made by them for not signing the Articles were, that they were determined to fell their Estates; and Over and,

who has a Right to One Cottage, and about Three or Four Acres of Field Land, whose Objection for riot signing the Articles was, that he would not incumber his Family with any Expence: That the Whole of their Property are Three Cottages, and about Eight Acres of Field Land; and the intended Inclosure contains 3S0 Acres; but no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by she House.

O, 'Jeredy That the Bill, with the Amendments, be, ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of common Strenfnll Ground in the Manor of Strenfa/l, in the County of York; Inclosure. and forgiving Compensation to the Prebendary of Strcnjall aforesaid, and his Farmer, and the Vicar of Strenfally in lieu of their relpedi ve Tythes, and ecclesiastical Dues, out of the said Parcel of Ground; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ChohnUy,

Mr. Kynnston, Mr. Walter% Sir John Glynn, Mr. Lyster,

Sir John Crtft, Mr. Northey, Mr. Trijly Mr. IVebby Mr.

Amcotts, Mr. Hardingey Mr. Morey Mr. Hanger, Lord Malpcis, Mr. Hammond, Lord George Cavvidish, Mr.

Sandy Sy Mr. Lee, Mr Lewis, General Holmes, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Pozvelly Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Arm it age, Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Prozfe9 Mr. West. Lord Dozvrte, Mr. Harley, Sir Robert Burdetty Mr. G\bbouy Sir Robert Hildyardy Mr. Spencer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of J 'crk, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland\

West more I and, Lancaster, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Dandori North F.ndcl Dapdon Wharf in the Parish of Stoke 7iext har

Guldejordy through Guldeford, to Alford Bars, in the iioau*

County of* Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate, in Arundel, in the County of Ssex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bttdgen,

"Mr. George Gnflozv, Mr. Bacon, Mr. More, Mr. Shelley,

Mr. Km aft on. Sir Francis Pecky Mr. Gy id on, Mr. Prozfe, \

Mr. Fedowes, Mr. IVebb, Mr John Philipps, Mr. White,;

Sir John Cust, Mr. Wilkin [on, Mr. Char lion, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Ofoal depot!, Mr. Alexander,

Sir John Armitage, Mr Cho/mley, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Fullery Mr. Cooke, Sir William Beauchamp Proctory Mr. Bayntutiy Mr. Digby, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Aftcibic,

Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Henry Pelham, Mr.

Plumer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Daniel Boone, Admiral Bofcawen,

Mr. Robert Colebrooke, Sir James Creed\ Mr. Sy mends,

Mr. Dicker, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Spencer, Sir Matthew

Featherftonhaughy Lord Guernsey, Mr. Aldzvovth, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Har dingey Mr. Lane, Mr. Nor- j

tony Sir Charles Vertion, Mr. Medlycott, Lord Fhomondy Mr. Cokey Lord Middletoriy Mr. Lade, General Onslow,

Mr. Stanley, Lord Malpas9 Mr. Tozvnshend, Mr. Crafter, j

Mr. Popham-y and all the Members who serve lor the

Counties of Surrey, Svftex, and Kent; and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Marquis of Granby do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called the South Level; and also the Petition of the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, were severally referred.

The Marquis of Granby accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Ta-b!e: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned

Em r cion Drainage.

1

1

30 Geo. II. 14° Martii. 777

Irr* ?v>rtartIon of Iron.

Ditto-

Ditto.

Ditto.

Mr. Richard Dan! horn, being examined, said, That the

Lands ddc> ibed in the said Petition are now under Water, and are subject to be overflowed, and are tl-.crcby rendered of'very little Value: That I'uch Lands arc not at present worth per Annua: One Shilling and Six Pence Acre; but that the Came are capable of being drained, and rendered worth Five Shillings/><?r Acre, one Year with another.

Mr. Henry Wardclozv confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Dunthcrn.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Air. Richard Dur. thorn, being again examined, Laid, That about Nine hundred Acres of the Lands, mentioned in the Pethion, are Adventure Land, which havebecome vetted in the Corporation, for want of Payment of the Taxes, and are at present of little or no Value: That the Taxcs for I'uch Lands amount to about 130/. per;

but that as i'uch Lands have not been let for Two or Three Years, no Taxes have been paid; and that it would be for the Benefit of the said Corporation, if they were enabled to fell these Lands, fubicct to the Taxes payable by the Acts of the 13th and 20th of the Se-

cond.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and prei'ervir.g certatn Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the great Level, of the Fens,

common;7 called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sams's C:<! Drain-, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conlerva-tors of the said Great Level to fell certain Lands within the fud Limits, commonly called Invested Lands: And that the Marquis of Granby and the Lord o prepare, and bring in the lame.

A Petition of divers Farmers, M.mufadlurcrsand Dealers in Leather in and about Halifax and Huddersfield in Yorkshire: And a]lb,

A Petition of several Persons, Tanners and Manufacturers of Leather, in and near the Town of in

the County of York:And also,

A Petition of the Tanners, and others, concerned in the making and manufacturing of Leather, in and about the Town of IVakefield, in the county of : And also,

A Petition of divers Tanners, Manufacturers, and Dealers in Leather, in and about Sheffield, in Yorkshire;

Were severaliy presented to the House, and read; representing to the House many ill consequeners, which, the Petitioners allege, will arif'e, if a Bill for admitting American Bar Iron to be imported Duty-free into this Kingdom, should pal's into a Law: And therefore playing. That no such Bill may pass into a Law.

on Coals Chipped in the River to Charles late Duke of Richmond and Lenox-, and for enabling the present Duke of Richmond, Lenox, and to make a Join-

ture on his intended Marriage with Lady Mary Bruce: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, containing an Account where Lord Robert Bertie's, Regiment was quartered when it was ordered to march to Portsmuth, when it came there, and what Regiment or Regiments were th.cn in Quarters in that Place, or in the Neighbourhood thereof; all Orders sent to the said Regiment, relative to its Embarkation on board the Fleet commanded by Admiral Byng-, the Returns of the said Regiment at the Time of its Embarkation, and for a Month previous thereto; as also Copies of the Secretary at War’s Orders to General relating to theput-

tingon board Admiral Byng's Squadron a Battalion from the Garrison of Gibraltar, and the Date of the Receipt of those Orders.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. '

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Paper* of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain common Failures and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of IVingerworth, and in the Hamlet of , in the Pari fix of North IVingfirespectively, in the County of Derby, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain common Pal-tures and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of llingerworth, and in the Hamlet of Tupton, in the Pari fh of North IVingfield, respectively, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That the Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Loruship of Pryors Marfion, in the County of was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordshipof Pryors lHarfion, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Prozvfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Naileis, and other Manufacturers of Iron, in and near Sheffield, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Proprietors, Owners and Post'elibrs, of Coppices, 'Woodlands, and other Lands in the West Riding of the County of York;

Were also presented to the House, and read; representing many ill Consequences, which, the Petitioners allege, will arise, if i'uch a Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That no I'uch Bill may pass into aLaw; and that the Petitioners may be hcaid, by themselves, or their Counfd, if necessary, spa:nit parting the lame.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

D;’ke of Mr. Fox presented to the House, according to Or-Itic‘i.oiiiurs der, a Bill for varying and pofiponingeertain Limitations lffi-.y 0,1 in a Grant made by King Charles the Second of a Duty

Ci a!*. / o

VOL. 27.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering tffectual certaiq Articles of Agreement lor dividing and inclosing the commonFields, common Meadow Grounds, and Common or Waste, in the Township of Bishopthorpe, in the County of the City of York-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Jlesolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followetii; viz.

Resolved, That it istheOpinionofthis Committee, That* towardsraifing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, be raised by Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivor-ship, or for Terms of Years certain, and charged upon a

fM Fund

Ditto-

Ditto.

Paper ref* peftitig Admiral Byng’s Squadron.

Winger-

worth

inclosure.

Pryor* Marl* on inclosure.

Bishopthorp*

inclosure.

Way« ind Means.

778 14 Martiu1757*

Fund to be established in this Session of Parliament, for Payment thereof, and for which the Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Security; the said Several Annuities to be granted upon the Conditions, and in the Manner following; that is to say, That all Peifms, who, in Books to be opened at the Bank of Eng fond far that Purpose, shall subscribe, at arty time before Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, of the Fourteenth Day of April next, for the Payment of One hundred Pounds, or as many intire Sums of One hundred Pounds, as they shall chuse to contribute towards the said Sum of 2,500,000l.; and shall, at the rime of such Subscription, make a Deposit of 10 /. per Centum on such Sums lb to be contributed; and shall make the future Payments on or before the Times herein after limited; viz.

15 /. per Centum, on or before x6th May next;

15 /. per Centum, oh or before 7th July next;

15/ per Centum, on or before 1 31 ii Auyufl next;

15 /. per Centum, 0T1 or before 29th September next',

15/.per Centum, on or before 10th November next; and tire remaining 15 /. per Centum, on or before 22d December next; shall be intitled, for the Lives of theif Nominees, to such Annuities as are herein after particularly specified *, such Annuities for Lives to be divided into Five ClafLs; tire First Class to confid: of Annuities of Four Pounds for every icO A contributed, for the Lives of Nominees of any Age, with the Benefit of Survivorship, upon the Death of Nominees of the same Class, for the Term of Sixty Years; that is to say, after the Expiration of this Term, the Contributors shall continue to enjoy the Benefit of their accumulated Annuities during the Lives of their respective Nominees; but no further Benefit by the Death of any Nominee, which shall happen after the Expiration of that Term; the Second Ciafs to confid of Annuities of Four Pounds and Five Shillings for every.One hundred Pounds contributed, for the Lives of Nominees who shall be above the Age of Twenty Years, with the like Benefit of Survivorfnip, upon the t)eath of Nominees of the same Class, for the Term of Fifty Years, in manner aforesaid; the Third Class to con-fist of Annuities of Four Pounds and Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds contributed, for the Lives of Nominees, who shall be above the Age of Thirty Years, with the like Benefit of Survivorship, upon the Death of I^ominecs of the same Class, for the Term of 43 i- Years, in manner aforesaid/, the Fourth Class to confid ot Annuities of Four Pounds and Fifteen Shillings for every One hundred Poundscontributed, for the Lives of Nominees, who shall be above the Age ot Forty Years, with the like Benefit of Survivorship, upon the Death of Nominees of the same Class, for the Term of 38 i Years, in manner aforesaid; the Fifth Ciafs to confid of Annuities of Five Pounds lor every One hundred Pounds contributed, for the Lives of Nominees, who shall be above the Age of Fifty Years, with the like Bencfitof Survivorship, upon the Death of Nominees of* the same Class, for the Term of 55 Years, in manner aforesaid; but that such Contributors, who* indead of Annuities for Lives, shal; chuse to Accept Annuities for Terms of Years certain, shall be intitled, at their Option, to any of the following Annuities, after the Rates of Intered herein after-mentioned; viz.

Of 4 A per Centum, for 66 Years;

4 /. 5 s. per Centum, for 54 Years;

4 A 10 s. per Centum, for 46 £ Years;

4 A 15 s. per Centum, for 41 Years; and

5 A per Centum, for 36 Years:

The said Annuities for Lives to be paid half-yearly, on the 5th Day of January and the 5th, Day of July in every Year; the Firit half-yearly Payment of Annuities for Lives to be made to the several Contributors respectively on the 5th Day ot January 175?, if they shall before that time have appointed their Nominees, or upon such of the said hall-yearly Days of Payment as shall be next after the respective Appointments of their Nominees; and the said Annuities for certain Terms of Years, at what time so-ever the Contributors shall make their Option to accept such Annuities, shall commence from the 5th Day of July 1757, and be paid half-yearly a% aforesaid; and that all

J5

Contributors, paying the Whole, cr any Part, of their Contributions, previous to the Days appointed for the respectiv'e Payments, shall be inritied to an Allow;.nee of 10 much Moneyas the Intered of the several Sums u> previously paid, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall amount to, from the Time ct !u h previous Payment to the respective Times on winch such Payments are directed to be made; and that all the leve-ral Sums of Money before-mentioned, which shall be con* tvibuted as aforesaid, shall, by the Cashiers of the Bank, be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from time to time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament, and not otherwise*

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, tmon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Nugent, the Lord Dnnavam-i, Mr.* James Grenville, Mr. Hardinge, and Mr. Samuel Mm:iit, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mouse, to consider further of the several Papers relating to the Victualling of his Majesty's Forces m North America j

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read \

Resolved, That this House will. Upon Wednesday Morrt* ing next, resolve itself into a Commitfee of the whole House, to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Rejohed, That this H xife vv!I, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to Ins Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers relating to the Victualling of his Majesty’s Forces in North America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gharltwi reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Charlton accordingly reported fpom the said Committee, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: AVheid the same was read; and is as follo-veth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Contract entered into, on the 26th Day of March 17 $6, by the Commissioners of thelVafury, with IVidiam Baker, Chrijinpher Kilby, and Richard Baker, of London, Merchants, for furnishing Provisions to the Forces under the Command of the Earl of Loudoun, was prudent and necessary, and prop^rIy adapted to the securing a conliant and effectual Sapply of tiiole Forces in America.

The said Resolution, being reed a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vi&unl!:ng

A nurc; a FoUcu

Ways *tid Mean*.

Supply.

Vidu.illinj

Amrricau

tforcef.

r

30 Geo. II.

! 5° Mattiu

Martisy 15* Martii

Anno 56° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757*

Prayers.

f^iTington npHE Lord Parker reported from the Committee, to

iucVriure. JL whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Town ship of Piddington, in the County of was committed. That the Committee had examined the A1 legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, *0 the Satisfaction of the Committee; except same Perf ms interested, who had been severally applied to, and appriled of the Contents of the Bill, but vefufed to sign the fame; but declared they would not oppose it; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gana through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which ‘ they had diro&ed him to report to the House; and he

« read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to,

F i 1 and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

".A' . Ordered> That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Importation A Petition of the Gentlemen anti Traders of the Town

of Iron. of Shrewsbury: And also.

Ditto. A Petition of the Iron Manufacturers in and near the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester;

Were severally presented to the House and read; representing to the House many Advantages; which, the Petitioners allege, will arise from allowing the Importation of Bar Iron front America Duty-free: And therefore praying. That Bar Iron from North America may be allowed to be imported Duty-free into all the Ports of Great Britain.

Ditto; A Petition of several Proprietors and possessors of Wood Lands, Iron Mines and Works, and of other Lands lying near unto such Works, and of other Persons concerned and employed in the Iron Trade, in the County of SuJJ'ex, in behalf of themselves, and some Thousands of others, Proprietors and Possessors of such Lands, Mines, and Works, or concerned and employed in the said Trade: And also,

Ditto. Another Petition of several Proprietors and Pofleftbrs of Wood Lands, Iron Mines and Works, and of other Lands lying near unto such Works, and of other Persons concerned and employed in the Iron Trade, in the County of Sussex, in behalf of themselves, and some ^houfands of others. Proprietors and Possessors of such Lands, Mines, and Works, or concerned and employed in the said Trade: And also,

Ditto. Another Petition of several Proprietors and Possef* fors of Wood Lands, Iron Mines and Works, and of other Lands lying near unto such Works, and of other Persons concerned and employed in the Iron Trade, ir» the County of Sussex, in behalf of themselves, and some

11$

Thousands of othe's, Proprietors and Possessors of such Lands, Mines, and Works, or concerned and employed in the said Trade;

Were also severally prefehted to the House, and bead; representing to the House many ill Consequences, which, the Petitioners allege, will arile, if Bar Iron he permitted to be imported Duty-free into this Kingdom; And therefore praying.That the Pe-tiiivneis may be heard, by themselves or their Coun-lel, against tire allowing the Importation of Bar Iron tiom North America into all the Ports of this Kingdom Duty-lree.

A Petition of the several Persons; wjiofe Names are Imro'tatioi thereunto subscribed, Tanners, and others concerned itl of *ron-the l eather Trade; in and near Chjle, in, the County of "Derby, was also prefehted to the House, and read; re*

prelecting to the House many ill Consequences, which, the Petitioners allege, will arile, if a Bill for admitting American Bar Iron to be imported Duty-free int» this Kingdom, llvuM pais into a Law: And therefore praying. That no such Bill may-pass.

And the said Petitions were fevera\ly ordered to bd referred to the Con (id-ration of the Committee of the whole, House, to whom it is referred toconsider of the Petition of the Master, Warden?, A fa (Tints, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of , under their common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Petitions relating to the Importation of American Bar Iron Duty-free, which were Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Tabie, be referred to the Consideratton-of the said Committee.

The House being informed, That some of the Coni- Account of midloners of the Wine Licence Office, attended at the Duty do Door; Liceooet.

They were called in; and, at the Bat; presented to the House, pursuant td their Orders,

N° r. An Account of the grbfs and net Produce of the Duty on Wine Licences, from 25th December 1750, to :th January 1757:

N° 2. An Account of the Number of the Persons licensed to fell Wines, from the 25th JJecember 1750, to the 5th January.rj$-]:

N° 3. An Account of the fevfcral Rates paid for Licences to fell Wines, and of the Number of Person* paying such several Rates, from 25th December 1750, to 5th January 1757:

N° 4. An Account of the Salaries, Wages, and Rewards, payable to the Agents for granting Licences to fell Wines, and to the several Officers under them* from 25th December 1750, to 5th January 1757.

And ther. they withdrew,

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; via.

Yot. 27. ’

AN

c.

780

15* Martii.

757-

Ah ACCOUNT of the gro& and net Produce of the Duty on Wine Licences, from the 25th December 1750,

to the 5th January 1757.

Gross Produce. Net Produce.

1. s. d. £. s. d.

— 1751 mmm 9,970 13 10 6>57* *3 9h

— *75* - - 9,896 7 6 6,699 8 io|

— *753 — 10,371 1 6 7,096 16 n

— *754 — 10,456 15 n| 7,211 9 7

— *755 - *0,533 10 7,046 2 io-f.

— 1756 — 10,681 19 6 7»39° *3 6

Cs. Bembridge, Secretary and Accomptant.

John Pearson, Cashier.

William Hird, Register.

Wm. Bennett, Clerk to the Comptroller.

Hen. Harris,

W. Adams, James Ra,

P. Medows.

3=ax

Ah ACCOUNT of the Number of the Persons licensed to fell Wines, from the 35th December 1750,

to the 5th January 1757.

Number of Persont licensed.

— *75* ~ — 7>*37 —

~ 1752 — — 7»l6* —

~ *753 — — 7,656 —

— *754 " — 7,908 —

— 1755 — — 8,059 . —

" *756 - 8,158 -

Cs. Bembridge, Secretary and Accomptant.

John Pearson, Cashier.

William Hird, Register.

Wm. Bennett, Clerk to the Comptroller.

Hen. Harris,

W. Adams, James Ha,

P. Medows.

Ah

Rve nil £)over Harbours.

3o Geo. IL 15 Martii781

An ACCOUNT of the several Rates paid for Licences to fell Wines, and of the Number of Persons paying such several Rates, from the 25th December 1750, to the 5th January 1757.

Rates of Rent. I75t *7 52 *7 S3 *754 *755 *756

£ * Numbers. Numbers. Numbers. Numbers. Numbers. Numbers,

I - 5.920 5.572 6,400 *>7°4 6,889 7,o,8

1 5 - - 48 65 49 45 42 3 0

I IO - 235 289 261 218 23I 242

1 *5 - - 15 16 16 1 I 12 *4

2 - - 317 j 324 33i 351 326 282

2 5 - 5 6 7 8 8 9

2 10 - - 88 94 92 92 8S 9*

2 is - 1 2 2 2 1 1

3 — - - 218 206 210 199 *95 202

3 s - - - I 2 1 1

3 - - 23 21 26 25 27 22

3 *5 - - - 4 4 2 2 2 1

4 — - I05 99 102 in 103 96

4 5 - - 1 1 I 1 1 t

4 Jo - - 7 13 14 10 IO 20

5 — - - - 58 60 55 53 58 60

5 Jo m - - 5 6 6 4 5 5

6 — - - 35 32 34 28 25 24

6 5 - - - . - i aa . 4

6 10 - - 2 2 2 3 3 4

7 — - . 8 12 9 8 7 9

7 10 - - 2 - 1 1 1 1

8 — - - - 18 18 *5 12 12 11

9 — - - 3 2 4 4 2 1

10 — m 11 9 10 9 9

it — - - - 2 2 2 -

12 — ‘ - - 4 4 2 2 2 1

15 — - - - 1 1 1 I 1 1

40 m 1 1 1 I 1 1

Cs. Bcmbridge, Secretary and Accomptant, Hen.

John Pearson, Cashier, kV, Adams,

William Hird, Regiffer, > James,

Wm Bennett, Clerk to the Comptroller. ’ Me dotes.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbobr of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sujex, to its ancient Goodness; was read a Second Time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gybbon, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Wd Mr. Cocks, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Henry Pelham, Sir Thomas Ro-binfon, Mr. Alexander, Sir George , Mr. Scott, Co-,

lonel Lee, Mr. Brand, Sir Thomas Mofiyn, Mr. Plumer, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Whic Lord Mr.

Archer, Mr. Whitworth, Mr; Chetwynd, Mr. Hanger, Mr . Ccoke, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lane, Sir Thomas -

ing, Mr. Norihey, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr.

Alderman Beckford, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Sir John Turner, Mr. Martin, Mr. Moore, Mr.

Mr. Nugent, Mr. ThorotonMr. Tempest, Mr.

Sir John Barnard, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Prowse, Lord Strange, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Walter, Mr. Phtney, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Mr.

Vol. 27.

Symonds, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Amcotts, Lord George jendifl), Mr. Potter, Mr. Bond, Mr. Yorke, Lord Mal-pas, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Svjfex, and Surrey; and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over the River between the Townships of Prefion and Penwortham, near a Place called the Fish House, in the County Palatine of Loncaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,rFna\ the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Mr. Bold, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Cartwright, Ml*. Cholmley, Mr. Sandys. Sir John Glynn, Mr. Cooke, Sir Thomas,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mackenzie, Sir John Cujh, Mr. Ridley, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir John Philipps, Mf. Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Mr. Ver-

non, Mt. More, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Stanley, Mr. , Mr. Townshend, Mr. Willy, Mr. Lane, Mr. Boone, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Yorke, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Bond, Mr. Elliot, Sir John Turner, Mr. Nugent, Sir Edward , Sir Henry Erjkint, Lord Parj and all the Members

9 N wh«

Ribble

Bridge.

Account of Duty on Licenses.

Warwick Shire Hull.

Wiggenhall

Drainage.

Loxley

Inclosure.

Maikfield

Road.

Irand^n

Drainage.

15° Martii. A. 1757.

who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York,

Westmorland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, on the 10th of October 1756, after satistying and discharging all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon to that time.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rebuilding and keeping in Repair the Shire Hall of the County of: And the fame

was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Landslyir gin the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sams's Cut Drains and for empowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ln>portaii<* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to °*ifoa-consider of the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Br under their Common Seal, and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners of Marsh and Fen Lands and low Grounds lying in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalene, in the County of Norfolk, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Langley Edwards said. That he knows the said Fen Lands and low Grounds, which contain about Four thousand Acres: That upwards of Three thousand of them have been for several Years and still are, frequently overflowed with Water, through the Defect of their Out-falls..to the Sea, and, in their presentState, produce little or no Profit: That if the said Lands were effectually drained, it would be of public Utility, and of great Profit to the Owners thereof, as they would then be worth Seven Shillings an Acre, one with another.

John Spilman, Esquire, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Edwards.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Parish oJ W

dalene, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir John Turner and Mr. Bacon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several Owners of Lands lying in the open Fields and commonable Places in the Parish of Loxley, in the County of Warwick.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Markfield Turnpike, in the county of ,

over Charley, otherwise Charnwood, through the

Town of Whilwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf's: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Markfield Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley, otherwise Charnwood, Forest, through the Town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to

where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Ryley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate.

Ordered, That Mr. Wright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner and Mr. Townshend be addedto the Gentlemenwhoare appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen 19

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the furthtr Consideration of the Reports Militia, from the Committees of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed and recommitted, be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the importatioa House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Iron. House, to consider of the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into England from foreign Countries, from mas 1749, to 5 January 1756, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to, distinguishing each Country and each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered That the Account of the Quantity of Pig and-Bar-Iron which have been imported from the Colonies in America, from Christmas 1749, to 5 January 1756, distinguishing each Year and each Colony, and how much in Pig, and how much in Bar, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of the several Reports made to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Officers of his Majesty’s Yards, of the Trials of Iron imported from the Plantations, which were presented to the House upon the 10th Day of March 1736, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Imports and Exports from and to Sweden, for Ten Years last past, distinguishing each Year, and each Species of Goods, which was presented to the House upon the 1 5 Day of January 1749, be referred to the said C vnmittee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Iron imported for Ten Years last, from the British Colonies in America, distinguishing each Year, and the Quantity imported from each Colony, and distinguishing how much in Pig, and how much in Bar, which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of 1749, be

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Exports and Imports to and from Sweden, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Ten Years last past, ending at Michaelmas 1749, distinguishing each Year, and each Species of Goods, which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of February 1749, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Ten Years last past, ending at Michaelmas 1749, from the British Colonies in America, distinguishing each Year,

and the Quantity imported from each Colony, and distinguishing also how much in Pig, and how much in Bar, which was presented to the House upon the a6th Day of February 1749, be referred to the said Committee.

30 Geo. II. if — 16* Martii.' 783

Ordered, That the Account of the Imports and Exports from and to Rujfu for Seven Years last past, which was presented to the House upon the 9th Day of 1750, be referred to the said Committeei

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j E!l, S

/ M r.:

Tellers for the Noes \ Sir 1 ellers IOr the N< eS’ I Mr. Rose Fuller.

}i*-

,73-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

» Then the House rc Lived itself into the said Commit'ce.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pict took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progrel's in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Affiilants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 160 die Martii\

Anno 30° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Wilford,

from the Exchequer attended at the Door; Licence*.

He was called in; and, at the Bor, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 10th Day of October 1756, of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailingspirituous Liquors, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon to that time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth, viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies that remained in the Receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, on the 10th Day of October 1756, of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, after satisfying all Charges and Incumbrances thereupon to that time; the Sum of Sixteen thousand One hundred Ninety Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence; viz.

Income the 10th Day of October 1756 Charge at D%

To satisfy the Annuity due to the Bank of England, at £. 3. 10s. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of Nine hundred Eighty-six thousand Eight hundred Pounds for Six Months, due the xoth Day of October 1756 -

Surplus on the 10th Day of October 1756 - -

£ d. 35.459 5 3

17,269 — — 16,190 5 3

Exchequer, the 16th Day of March 1757.

E. Wilford.

West min (ter Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider of.

Streets. and report to the House, proper Methods for the better paving, enlightening, and cleansing, of the Street1; of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Precinct of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, have Power to report their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House.

Importation A Petition of the Merchants and Traders in of Iron. ter, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House many Advantages which the Petitioners alledge will arise from allowing the Importation of Bar Iron from America Duty-free: And therefore praying, That Bar Iron may be imported from into any of the

Ports of Great Britain Duty-free.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Countess of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Euflon’* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Settlement. to conflc|er further of the Bill for settling a certain yearly Sum upon the right honourable Anne commonly

Vol. 27.

called Countess of Euflon, Wife of the right honourable Augustus Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of , out of certain yearly Pensions ifl'uingoutof the hereditary Revenue of the Excise, and comprised in certain Letters Patent bearing Date the 22d Day of Oin the 26th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in Part of thejointure agreed to befecured to her upon her Intermarriage with the said Augustus Earl of Euston, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Thursby, Mr. - lyell field, Mr. Edward Vernon, Mr. , Mr.

bury,

784 I 6° — 17 0 M^.1757.

bury, Mr. Brijiowe, Mr. Hanger, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Harris, Mr. Harvey, Lord Milton, Mr. Bapti/i Levefun Gower, Mr. Thomas junior,

Mr Townshend, Mr. William Vaughan, Mr. Colleton,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Dodd, Lord Strange, Mr. Amcotts, Lord Royston, Mr. Thoroton, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Charles Townshend of Yarmouth, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Thomas Walpole, Sir Rd. Warwick Mr.

Walpole, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Archer, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Webb, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. John Gore, Sir John Wynne, Mr. West, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir John Turner, Mr. Stratton, Sir Robert

Mr. Probyn, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Bayntun, Sir William Oiven, Mr. Jennings, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Glmius, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Morgan junior, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hobart, Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Clayton, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Butler, the Marquis of Winchester, Mr. Willy, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prowse, Sir James Creed, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Amy and, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Zachary Ph. Fonereau, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Bedford and Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Wajs and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Means.

Supply.

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolvetd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

Jovis,17° die;

Anno 30* Georgii II1’ Regis, 1757.

Prayers,

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hertford for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads ^oa<* from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through Watt on, to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through Walton, to the North End of the Town of Walkern, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act E,r|ftont. for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common.open, incloiwe. and arable. Fields, and waste Grounds, in Earlftone, in the Parish of Burghcleare, in the County of Hants, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ThomCo* for naturalizing John Jacob Thomfons, without any Amend- Nat. ment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Nuthalfj difl'olve the Marriage of Thomas Nutha/l Gentleman, with ®1V0tce* Lucy Scott, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Beauchamp Prod or presented to the House, Bridge o*t» according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge crols the Thin-e* the River of Thames, from Old Brentford, in the County at B,eatford. of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, at a certain Place called Kew Ferry, or the Horse Ferry, or as near thereto Westward as conveniently may be: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself intoa Committee of the whole

'of0/ron.°n House, to consider further of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of under their Common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Mr. S(leaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tttefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Alfillants, and Commonalty, of the Society oft Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr, Henry Biffiet do attend the said Committee at the feme time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hawkins do attend the said Committee at the feme time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Montgamoiri to enable Lilias Montgomerie, of to fell Lands

in the County of Renfrew; and to lay out the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands of the said Lilias Montgomerie, in the County of Air; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Muir presented to the House, according to Order, GUfgvw a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Ro»d*, Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, lb far as the same relates to certain Roads mentioned in the said Act; and also to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow; and for building a Bridge cross the River of Inchiman:

And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee, Bath to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Road* mon Council, of the City of Bath, in Common Council duly assembled; and also of the Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, and Somerset, and of the

Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing in and near the said City; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the County of Gloucester, living in and near the Roads leading by the Monument, to the City of Bath; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of Bath, in Common Council duly assembled; and also the Petition of several Justices of the

Peace,

30 Geo. 11. 17 Mart785

Peace, being by Act of Parliament Commissioners of the ilveral Turnpike Hoads leading to the City of were il-Vi.ra.ly referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fmie, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read ti c Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed);

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

An Act of Parliament, pa fed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one made in the 6th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fi>ft, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kings doit nHill and the City of , and for amending several other Highways leading to the said Cityj and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen, there; and for keeping a regular nightly Watch within the said City, and Liberties thereof; was read, whereby it appeared, That the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts were to have Continuance, from the Expiration of the Term granted by the said last mentioned Act, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and that the Trufecs appointed to put the said Acts in Execution are retrained from borrowing, upon the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, any more than the Sum of £. 3,000: And,

Mr. Thomas Sabine and Mr. John Bokvell said, That about £ 3,000 has been borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties, which has been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts, and great Pro-grel's made in repairing the said Roads; and that there row remains due on the Credit of the said Act about £ 3,000; which cannot be repaid, and the Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unkfs the Term and Powers be further continued and enlarged.

Richard Roberts Esquire laid, That the T;ufees appointed by the said Acts will not be able effectually to carry the same into Execution, unlds a greater Number of Trailers are appointed, they be ng at present at their Meetings frequently obliged to adjourn for want of a roper Number, with a Power to raise a larger Sum of 1 neyon the Credit of the said Acts, and to appoint their own Officers, and to compound with Persons who are by the former Act? exempted from paying Toll.

And further laid, That great Inconveniences arile to Persons passing the Streets in the said City of (feme ot which arc very nar>ow) from the Rain and Snow Waters f:i..ng from tdc lops and Sides of the Houses and BmlJii gs; iu-re, and alii) from the great Number of Coal C.-.-r i..,cs passing through the Market Place, Cheap Street, and Stall in eet, in the Night-time; and that if Proviii n was made to prevent the said Inconveniencies, it would be a gtcat Benefit both to the Inhabitants of the said City, and Persons refolding thereto.

Mr. 'Thomas Sabine and Mr. John Bolwell further said, That the Roads leading from the Top of Lancljdoivn to the Monument upon Landfdtnvn, and from the Top of Enterry Hdlinto the Bristol Road leading to War mil ft tr,

and from Bath Ettfton Bridge 10 Cul/ernc Gate upon the Fcfs Road, and from Danker ton Bridge to the Six Mile Stone in the Panlh of Camerton, and from the Globe in the Parish of Newton Saint Loe to the Cross Poll on the Road leading to Pen ford, are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be efedtually repaired by the present Methods preformed by Law.

Mr. William Pinneger laid, That the Road between BriftolTurnpike Road and the Monument upon is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be sufficiently repaired and widened by the ordinary' C >urfe of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets of the City of Bath, and Liberties thereof, and for regulating the Chairmen; and also for the keepings sufficient and well-Vol. 27.

regulated Watch in the Night-time in the said City and Liberties; and to oblige all Owners of Houses, and other Buildings, within the said City and Liberties, to bring down the Water from the Roofs of their Houses, and other Buildings, by proper Pipes down the Sides or Walls of such Houses and Buildings; and also to oblige all Coal Carriages to pass by the Borough Wails of the said City during the Night Season: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Bathurst, and the Lord Dupplin, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, pafed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill and the City of , and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned leading to the said City; and also for repairing the Roads leading from the Top of Lansdown to the Monument upon Lansdown, and the Road leading from the Top of En~ terry Hill into the Bristol Road leading to and the Road leading from Beth Easton Bridge to Culterne Gate upon the Fofs Road, the Road leading from Dun-kerton Bridge to the Six Mile Stone in the Parish of Canter ion, and also the Road leading from the Globe in the Parish of Newton Saint Loe to the Crols Poll in the Road leading to Pensford, and also the Road by Tracy Park between Bristol Turnpike Road and the Monument upon Lansdown: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Bathurst, and the Lord Dupplin, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrofed Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within th.-Township of Piddingtoti, in the County of , was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. L. 33. After "and," to insert " signed " and."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, common Pastures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Township of Pid-dington, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Lord Parker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling a certain yearly Sum upon the right honourable Anne Fttzroy, commonly called Countels of Euftcn, Wife of the right honourable Fitzroy Esquire,

commonly called Earl of Eufon, out of certain yearly Pensions issuing out of the hereditary' Revenue of the Ex-cife, and comprised in certain Letters Patent bearing Date the 22d Day of October, in the 26th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in Part of the Jointure agreed to be secured to her upon her Intermarriage with the said Augustus Earl of Eufton, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Houfo; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Nichclfon Calvert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more e.Tedtual an Act passed in the 12th

9 O Year

Piddingtoq

inclosure.

Counte's of Ejftou’i Settlement.

Cln'hirrj

Wager.

Cor (ham, &c. Reads.

Thornton

Inclosure.

Nutbail's

Divorce.

17* Martiu A. 1757.

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgs, to prevent unlawful Combi nations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Dilpuies among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of Payment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other manner than in Money; was committed: and to whom the Petition of the several poor and distjefled Broad Cloth Weavers of the Parishes of Stroud, Minchin Hampton, Bijley, and other adjacent Parishes and Places, in tire County of Gloucejltr, whole Names are thereunto fubfaibed, on behalf of them-ielves, and many Thousand more of their distressed Brethren; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen and Landholders, in the several Parishes of,

Hampton, Horjlty, and Parishes adjacent, in the County of Gloucester, for and on behalf of themselves, and many other Gentlemen and Landholders in the said Parishes; were severally referred, That the Committee had heard Counselupon the said Petitions; and had also heard Coun-lel in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions 5 and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called the Cross Keys, otherwise Bricker's Barn, in the Parish of in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset, was committed, That the Committee had con-lidered the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, to them referred;and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-giofled.

A Petition of James Collier Esquire was presented to March, the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill depending _ &c* in the House for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Up-well, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge:

And alleging. That should the said Bill pals into a Law as it now (lands, the Petitioner will be greatly prejudiced thereby: And therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard by himself, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect his Interest, and that he may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his laid Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Probyn, Mr. Kent, Mr. p1Djog

Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ofbaldeston, Mr. Daniel Wharf More, Mr. White, Mr. Locke, be added to the Committee, koad.

to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Gu/deford, through Guide ford, to Alford Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Mary's Gate in Arundell, in the County of Sussex, is committed.-

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and widening the Road Towceftet from Tuwcester, through silverston and in the Road.

County of Northampton, and Ardland Middleton Sto-ney, to Weston Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 10. To leave out " and insert

" Villiers

L. 11. To leave out " ," and insert

" Villiers

L. 18. To leave out " Woodhull," and insert " Wodhull

Pr. 3. L. 21. To leave out " and insert

Yardborough

Pr. 14. L. 9. To leave out " Exceptions," and insert " Exemptions

Pr. 36. L. 17. To leave out *' by," and insert " to."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: and that the Title be.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Tozu-cester, through silverston and Brackley, in the County of Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weston Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bili to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Thornton, otherwise BishopThornton Moor, stinted Pasture, or Common, within the Manor of Bishop Thornton Bijlwp-fule, in the County of York, was read the Third time Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Thornton, otherwise Bishop Thornton Moor, stinted Pasture, or Common, within the Manor of Bishop Thornton with Bishopfule, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Nut hall Gentleman with Lucy Scott, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Fi: ft time.

Rejtlived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

*7

Sir John Armitage reported from the Committee, to Focklingto* whom the bill for establishing and rendering effectual, "doiuie. Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and common Grounds in Pvcin the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; ivluch they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bili, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered,

J eav<* of

Pum fl:nirnt of Cheats.

Milirii.

Ditt*.

Importation . ot Ii-on

Hitchia

t*>

Bedford

Kuaj.

30 Geo. II. 17’--18° Martii. 787

Ordered, That Mr. Barrett> Live Leave to go into the C nntry, for the Recovery of his Health.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ref .!ve itfeit into a Committee 01 :he whole House, upon t he [hi! for the more effectual Punishment of Cheats, and f ,x tie further preventing the Embezz'emer.t of Goods and Apparel by those who art intruded with them; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday M rn-ing next, resolve its.lf into a Committee of the whole IToufe, upon the said Bill.

T!:e other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Conlidention of the Reports from the Committee1 of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in tie several Counties ot that Part of Britain called England, was committed, and re-committed.

And a C'.utle was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to Lllates leased for Lives, or Years determinable on Live5, on reserved Rents, being Qualifications.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part

Of the Uiil.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Inhabitants of Filey shall serve in the Militia of the Lull Riding of the County of

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question pul thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the issuing of Pay, Arms, Accoutrements, and Cloalhir.g.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question j*rt thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause, upon the 1 inrd Reading of the said Bill, with regard to the Afll-mbling of the Parliament in case of a6lu.il Invasion, or imminent Danger thereof, and in case of Rebellion.

O

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 18* Martii;

Anno 30 Georgii IP* Regis, 1757. Prayers.

P ET LIT O N of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Iron Mailers, or Makers of Iron, in the lever il Counties of and Notting-

ham, was presented to the House, and read; representing to tire House many ill Conbquences which the Petitioners allege will arils, if a Bill to extend the Liberty of importing Bar Iron from North America, to ail Persons and Places in general, Duty-free, should pass: And therefore praying. That no such Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is rcierred to consider further of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bndol, under their Common Seal; and of the

other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Charles Core reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the high Road Horn the Park Gates of Edward Raddijfe Esquire, in the Town of in the County

VOL. 27.

of Hertford, through the Town of She ford, and through

Carrington Cotton End to a Farm House caded &«/ Leonardo, at the End of the Town of Bedford-, and also the high Road from the Turning out of the aforesaid Road into IdenlowField, through the Parishes of Hen low and

Clifton, and through Hill Lane, Ca'decot, and Hatch, to Ceford Bridge, in the County of Bedford, was committed, Th it the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and lound the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directeti him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend nent* were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon t;ie Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofisd.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and

Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual, certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing the common Fields and Grounds in the Manor of Straggle:horpe, within the Parish of ingham, in the County of Lincoln; and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish for the Glebe Lands and Tythes in aforesaid;

without any Amendment.

And the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the 11th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and alloan Act passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for protecting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of Payment of the W orkmen’s Wages in any other manner than in Money; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of His late Majesty K ng Gcoge, to prevent unlawful Combina-

tions of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limbing a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in cate of Payment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other manner titan in Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholson Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer have Leave to go into the Country lor a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Robinfott, Sir Lionel Pil-kington, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Great heed Mr. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing. and inclosing a Parcel of common Ground in the Manor of Strenfall, in the County of York; and for giving

Compensation to the Prebendary of Strenfall aforesaid, and his Farmer, and the Vicar of Strenfall, in lieu of their respective Tythes and ecclesiastical Dues out of the said Parcel of Ground; is committed.

A Pc-

Stragfle-t horpe Inclosurt«

Clothier*

Wage*

Leave of Absenco-

Strenfall

Iaclofurch

British

Fishery.

Southwark

Market.

Godalmirt^ Road. 6

Thornton

Juclofurtk

Kneourage-mens of - f* r.\en.

788 18 9 Martii.1757.

A Petition of the Free Brit Fishery Chamber of Whitehaven, in the County of , was presented

to the House, and read; alleging. That, as the Law now stands, the Petitioners go to, and return from, Shetland, at a great Expence and Loss of Time; and, while the War continues, dare not (lay there to fish; besides, they are to go to, and return from, Shetland without Convoy, by which they run a great Rifle of losing their BuiTes; and that ever since the Institution of the present Fishery, Experience has fully shewn, that the Fishery at Shetland has not proved worth following; and that the Petitioners have thereby loft Two Months, or more, of a much better Fishery in St. George's Channel, within a Day’s Sail of Whitehaven; and taking notice, that the Free British Fishery have applied to the House for further Assistance and Relief: And therefore praying. That Campbeltown may be appointed the Place of Rendezvous for the BuiTes belonging to Whitehaven, for the Summer Fishery, as well as for the Winter Fishery, in order that they may be enabled to fish with greater Advantage; or such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hammond presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Panto of Saint Saviour in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Codaiming, in the County of Surrey, through Pet-worth, to the 'Top of Hill, and

from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of sex, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Butler, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. , Mr. Alderman

Bethell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Clevland, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Dalston, Mr. Egerlon, Mr.

Mr. Freeman, Sir Jams Creed, Lord Galway, Sir Nicholas Baily, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. ley, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Mr. Bel-

ch ier, Mr. Baker, Mr. Anjou, Lord Bateman, Mr. Charles Frederick, Lord Mayor of Mr.

Mr. Chetwynd, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Alexander, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Boone, Mr. Fletcher, Sir Cecil Bishop, Lord Thomond, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Henry Pel-

ham, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Morgan junior, Mr. Ofvaldeflon, Mr. jenyns, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Fisher, Mr. John Fuller, Lord Dupplin, Mr. , Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Trijt, Mr. Weflphaling, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Tor he. Sir Matthew Featherstone-hi’.Hgh, Mr. Bull, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Edward , Mr. Charles Core, Mr. Harley, Sir Ellis Mr.

Henry Finch, Sir Conyers D’Arcy, Mr. Lockyer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, and Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry to the Lords the ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing Thornton, otherwise Bishop Thornton, Moor, (tinted Pasture, or Common, within the Manor of Bishop Thornion with in

the County of and desire the Concurrence of their Lofuships thereto

The House was moved. That so much of an Act» made in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, of Five hundred thousand Pounds, towards discharging Wages due to Seamen, and for the constant, regular, and

punctual Payment of Seamen’s Wages for the future; and for.appropriating the Supplies granted in this present Session of Parliament; and for disposing of the Surplus of the Money granted for Half-pay, for the Year 1727, as relates to the Payment of Seamen’s Wages; might be read.

And thfc same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, mad 2 in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging Seamen to enter into his Majesty s Service, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine contradicente , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in his Majesty’s Navy; and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, speedy, and certain Payment of their Wages; and for preventing Frauds and Impositions attending the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Bill for varying and postponing certain Limitations in a Grant made by King Charles the Second of a Duty on Coals, shipped in the River Tyne, to Charles late Duke of Richmond and Lenox; and for enabling the present Duke of Richmond, Lenox, and Aubigny, to make a Jointure on his intended Marriage with Lady Mary Bruce; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. General Conway, Mr Edgecumbe, Lord Bateman. Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Go<-e, Mr. nel/, Lord Digby, Mr. More, Mr. Digby, Mr.

Colonel Haldane, Mr. jenyns, Sir George Lee, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Turner, Mr. Rigby, Sir Francis Voole, Mr. Prozvje, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Sir Charles

Kemys Tynte, Mr. Wi/kinson, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Bacon, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Lord

ton, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Page, Mr. Heivett, General Mof-tyn, Mr. Bozves, Lord George Cavendish, Mr.

Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Crajler, Colonel , Mr. Alderman Baker, Lord Thomond, Mr. George S r

Matthew Lambs, Mr. Montagu, Lord Frederick Cavendish, Mr. Burrard, General Campbell, Mr. John Gore, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. OJwa/d, Lord Royjion, Mr. Fuller, Lord Powerjcourt, Mr. Walter, Sir John Mr. Bank's, Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Budgen, Sir John Mr.

Charles Townshend, Sir Edward , Mr. Sir

Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. John Torke, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lambton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of , Northumberland, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon' at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Hugh Rojs do, upon Tuejclay Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Societyof Merchant Adventurers within the City of BriJ-tol, under their Common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-i'eftions, Thar there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to the Lords of the Committee of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council for Plantation Aff-iirs, dated 3d July 1755.

Rejohed, 'That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Directions that there belaid before this Motile, Copy of a Letter from Charles Knowles Esquire, to the Board of Trade and Plantations, concerning the Behaviour Fuller Esquire, dated 15th and also,

Copy of all other Letters to any of his Majesty’s Secretaries of State or Commissioners for Trade and Plantations,

Dukt of Richmond’* Duty on Coal*.

lta porta t:oi» of iron.

Jamaica

Affair*.

30 Geo. II. i8° — 2i° 789

tions,-previous to that Date-, in which the name of Fullers Esq-u're, is mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

W.ivi and The Order of the Day being read for the House to

Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House -to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the

Means. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House was- moved. That the Account of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, from Michaelmas 1751. to 10th October 1756; distinguishing each Year; might be read;

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Stamps on News Papers, for Seven Years, from ad August 1749, to 2d 1756; distin-

guishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Advertisements, for Seven Years, from ad August *749, to 2d 1756; distinguilli-ing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the grols and net Produce of the Duty on Almanacks, for Seven Years, from 2d August 1749, to 2d August 1756; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Stamp Duty on Licences granted to fell W ine, for Seven Years, from 2d August 1749 to 2d August 1756; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Produce of the Six Penny Stamp Doty, granted by an Act of the 12th of

Queen^Anne, for Seven Years, from ad August 1749, to 2d August 1756; distinguishing each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duty on Wine Licences, from 15th -

ber 1750, to 5th January 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of the Persons licenced to fell Wines, from the 25th December 1750, to the 5th January 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Rates paid for Licences to fell Wines, and of the N umber of Persons paying such several Rates, from 25th December 1750, to . jth January 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Salaries, Wages, and Rewards, payable to the Agents for granting Licences to fell Wines, and to the several Officers under them, from 25th December 1750, to 5th January 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Coals exported from England, from 1747, to

mas 1754;- distinguishing each Year, together with the Produce of the Duties paid thereon; which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of February 1756; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Culm exported from England, from 1747, to -

Vol. 27.

mas 1754; distinguirtiing each Year, together with the Amount of the Duties paid thereon; which was presented to the House upon the 23d Day of February 1756; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Coals and Culm that have been exported out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland to foreign Parts, for Seven Years pa ft, ending at Christmas last, with the Duties paid thereon; distinguishing each Year, and the several Potts from which the same have been exported; which was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of April 1756; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed-the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Ref du? ions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means fer raif-

7 a

ing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 21* die Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii II41 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords by Mr. Edwards

and Mr IVaple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Durade's naturalizing John Durade: To which the Lords desire the Nat. Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That Mr. John -wood, from the Trinity-house, Lond, attended at the

Door;.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. Copy of a Survey of the Harbour of Rye, takea amJ by Two Commissioners 01 his Majesty’s Navy, and Two Dover Members of the Trimty-hotfe of Stroud, ap- Harbours,

pointed to survey the Ports westward ol Dover, as far as the Hie of Wight, and thence to the Lands End; inclosing a Draught of the said Harbour, dated 5th July 1698:

N° 2. Copy of a Report of the Trinity-house,

on a Survey of the Harbour of Rye, dated the 16th February 1719 -,with an annexed Examination of the Mayor and Jurats of the Corporation of Rye, dated a ill May 1719: and also,

Estimate of the Charge of performing the Works proposed for making the Harbour of Rye useful for Navigation:

N° 3. Copy of Report of Trinity house, on a Survey of the Harbour of Rye, dated December 6th, 1743; with an annexed Account of the Piogress which has been already made in the Works: And also.

An Estimate of whar remains to be done for finishing the New Harbour at Rye.

N° 1. Copy of Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and AlfiHants,- of the Trinity-house London, to the honourable House of Commons, relating to Harbour;

no Date:

9 P N® a.

79°

ai* Martii.

A.

1757-

N* i. Copy of Court Minutes of Trinity-house, - 1756

<&», dated March 1, 1661; with an annexed Petition to the honourable House of Commons of the Matter and Brethren of Trinity-house, Matters, Owners, and Commanders, of Snip*:

N° 3. Copy of Report of Trinity-house on a Survey of Dover Harbour in August 16b 2; with an annexed Copy of Report of Trinity-house on a Survey of Dover Harbour in August 1664:

N° 4. Copy of Report of Trinity-house on a Survey of Dover Harbour, dated March 7th, if>6y:

N° 5. Copy of Report of Trinity , London, on a Survey of the Harbour of Dover in March 1670:

N° 6. Copy of Uei ort of Commissi iners of the Navy and Brethren of Trinity House, on a Survey of the Port and Harbour of Dover, dated 30th March 1698,

Together wiih Lilts of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this beu on.

Paper*

Hrefreftiiw

Admiral'

!yn$.

*755

Importation of iron.

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers of iron, in Warrington, A/hton, and

other Places adj cent, in the C>-uniy of was

preferred to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitiohershumbly apprehend, that if Liberty was granted to import Bar Iron from America'u all the Out Ports in Great Britain, it would be < f great Advantage to our

Manufacturers, Tract and Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratrn of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Is refeired to consider further of the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

The House being informed. That Mr. from the Office of one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, attended at the Door j

He was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Several Papers, containing Advices received at the Earl of Holdernesse’s Office, from January 1755, to July 1756,

inclusive.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew,

And the said Lift was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Advices deceived Ditto

Ditto - Ditto

Ditto . - Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

Advices received Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto D tto Di*to Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto Ditto

March 26th. - 30th.

R. ad April R. ad April April 6th. R. 9th.

9th. 13th. 16 th. 17th.

R. 13 th R. 16th R. 19th R. 30th

B 1.

tyet Advices received

A Ditto

»?55 Advices from the Hague, dated 14th January Ditto m

'755 - Received the 17th Ditto -

Ditto - dated February 4th. R. 1 j;th Ditto

Ditto - - April8 th. R. 11th Ditto

Ditto - - - - 15th. R. 18 th Ditto -

Ditto . - - 12. R. 25th, Ditto -

Ditto - - - July lid. R. *8th Ditto m s

Ditto - - - - 31 ft. R. 3d August Ditto m-

Ditto m - - August 29, R. xoth Sept, Ditto m

Dilto - Sept. 19th. R. 22d Ditto

Ditto . - - October21ft. R. 31st Ditto m

Ditto November 14th. R. 18 th Ditto

Ditto - - December 9th. R. 13th Ditto m

Ditto . 12th. R 15th Ditto -

1756 Ditto m - January id. R. 6th Ditto - -

Ditto - 2cth. R. February ift Ditto -

Ditto - - February 6th. R. 9th Ditto

Ditto - - 6th. R. 9th Ditto -

Ditto - - 6th. R. 9th Ditto -

Ditto - 10th. R. 14th. Ditto

Ditto - - - - D* R. D* Ditto

Ditto - - - - March 2d. R. 7th Ditto -

Ditto - - ia. R. 14th Ditto

30th. R. 5th May May 7th. R. nth June ift. R. 4th * 15th. R. 18th

January 16th, 174$

- Ditto

- - 17th

- - 21ft

- 24th 27th

- February ad

- - 3d

- " 15th

- Ditto

Ditto iSth 21st

- 24th

- - 28th

March 5th

- 8th

- - loth

14th

iytk'

- - a ift-

- r 25th

- - 29th

April 51 h i

Ditto1

8th

- - nth

- - 14th'

- - 18th

- 2 ift

25th ’

- - 28thf

- - May 2d

- - 6th.

- - 9th

- - 13th.

- - 17th'-

- 23d

- June id 1755

- - Ditto:

5th

- 13th and 17th

- - 21 ft-

- July ift

- 5th and 7th

- 19th and 2 ad

25th and 28th

- Au 6th

- 8th and 1 ith

- 15 th and 19th

- - 19th

27th

September 10th

- - Ditto

13th

- - 16th

- - 19th

22d

27th

30th

- October 8 th

Ditto

. 10th

Advice*

79*

30 Geo. II.

175$ Advices received Ditto -

2i° Ma

October 14th - 20th

Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto Ditto - Ditto -D'tto - Ditto Yot. 27.

Ditto - - - 31st 1755 Advices received

Ditto Ditto Ditto -

Ditta . - Ditto Ditto -

Ditto - - - November 4th Ditto -

Ditto - m - - 12th Ditto -

Ditto - mm m Ditto Ditto -

Ditto — . - 15th Ditto -

Ditto m - 22d 1756 Ditto

Ditto - - - - 29th Ditto -

Ditto - - Ditto Ditto -

Ditto - m - December ift Ditto -

Ditto - am - 9th Ditto -

Ditto . - - 10th Ditto -

Ditto - m - - 13th Ditto -

Ditto mm - 15th Ditto -

Ditto m ‘ - mm - - 19th Ditto -

Ditto - - 22d Ditto -

B 3- Ditto -

Ad.vices received January 3d, 17 C* Ditto -

Ditto - - Ditto Ditto -

Ditto m - Ditto Ditto -

Ditto m _ 6th Ditto -

Ditto m . mm 12th Ditto -

Ditto V . 13th Ditto -

Ditto m mm February ift Ditto -

Ditto m - Ditto Ditto -

Ditto mm mm Ditto Ditto -

Ditto . mm - Ditto

Ditto - - Ditto

Ditto m - - 3d 1755 Advices received

Ditto - D tto Ditto -

Ditto U - 6th D.tto -

Ditto . - , - - gth Ditto -

Ditto - - 14th Ditto -

Ditto r - - 20th Ditto -

Ditto - - 25 th Ditto -

Duto 5* . - - Ditto Ditto -

Ditto *» 4 - - 27th Dir.o -

Ditto m March 2d Ditto -

Ditto w m. - - 7th Ditto -

Ditto - __ t* +> m - ,9th Ditto -

Ditto m - - 13th Ditto -

Ditto r . m 14th Ditto -

Ditto v* m - mm 18th Ditto -

Ditto - 9 mm - 23d Ditto -

Ditto m. - - 26th Ditto -

Ditto m no - Ditto Ditto -

Ditto mr mm - - April 2d 1756 Ditto -

Ditto - Ditto Ditto -

Ditto . me - 7th Ditto -

Ditto . - - - 9th Ditto -

Ditto -r - ‘ - 13th Ditto -

Ditfo - - 16th Ditto -

Ditto - - - m - 19th Ordered, That the said

D

24th 28th 30th May 5th nth 14 th 23d June 2d Ditto Ditto 4th 8th 12th i*d July 2d 5th roth 12th 16th loth 24th 27th

- March5th, 1755

- Aug 29th September 30th

- October 20* November 18 th

« " December 4th 13th

January sift, 17 5

3 *ft

- February 7 th

24th

25th

- March 8 th

15th

> - 2 2d

- April 2d

- 7 th

- - 20th

May 5th

- - 10th

- 24th

- - June 5th

- - 12t{i

- - 24th

- - M5

- - 12th

- - 13th

February 21ft, 1755 27 th

- Ditto

March 15th

- 23d 30th

April 6 th Ju26th July 3d 23d

28th August 13th 19th September 6th iath

- Ditto 2 2d

October 4th January 21ft, 1756

- 29th February 2 6 th

March 22d May nth

- 21 ft

to he pi ruled by the Members of the Hou!e.

The said Papers are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed. That Mr. Wood, from Paper* the Office of the othet of his Majesty’s principal Secre-tarirs of State, attended at the Door; Byafr"

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Ext raft of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Sir Thomas Robinson, Madrid, September 1, 17 55 — -Received

September 16; inclosing,

Lilt of the Men of War at Toulon:

Ext rad of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Fox, Madrid, February 24, 1736 — Received 6;

inclosing,

Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr.

Fox, Madrid, February 13, 1736:

Extrad of a Letter trom Sir Benjamin Keene to General Blakeney, Madrid, 14 February 1736:

Copy of Intelligence, dated February 24,

1756:

Extract

792

respect1 Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Admiral* i'W, Madrid, March 22, 1756 — Received. 7; in-

Byng, cloJing,

Intelligence:

Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Fox, Madrid, March 29, 1756 — Received April 14; inclosing,

Paper of Intelligence:

Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Fox, Madrid, 12th, 1756 — Received April 44;

inclosing,

Extract of a Letter from ,'dated 3d,

1756: - -

Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Fox, Madrid, April 13, 1756 — Received April 24: Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Fox, Madrid, April 19, 1756 — Received May 5} inclosing.

Ext rad: of a Letter from General to Sir Benja-

min Keene, Gibraltar, April 7, 1756:

Extrad of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Fox, Antigola, April 26, 1756 — Received 12 May:

Extrad of a Letter from Sir Keene to Mr.

Fox, Antigola, May 3, 1756 — Received May 19; inclosing,

Intelligence, N* 1.

Intelligence, N* 2.

Extrad of a Letter from Consul Miller to Sir Benjamin Keene, N° 3.

Extract of a Letter front General Blakeney to Sir Benjamin Keene, N° 4.

Extract ofa Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Fox, Antigola, May ti, 1756 — Received 2d June; inclosing, Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant General Fowke to Sir Benjamin Keene, April 30, 1756:

Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Fox, Antigola, May 17, 1756 — Received 2d June: Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Fox, Antigola, May 4th, 1756 — Received June 6; inclosing,

Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to General Fowke, Antigola, May 3d, 1756:

..... Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr.

Fax, Antigola, May 24, 1756 — Received June

Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Fox, Antigola, May 26, 1756 — Received June 13; inclosing,

Intelligence from Marseilles, to:

Extract of a' Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Fox, Antigola, June 14, 1756 — Received 2d: Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to Mr. Fox, Antigola, June 16, 1756 — Received July 2d: inclosing.

Intelligence from Mar fellies. May 31:

Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin to Mr. fox, Antigola, July 6, 1756 — Received July 23d j inclosing,

Extract of an Article in the Barcelona Gazette, dated June 26, 1756:

Intelligence from June 21st:

Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant General Blakeney to Mr. Fox, Minorca, February 10, 1756 — Received March 6:

Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Blakeney to Mr. Fox (without Date) — Received April 27, 1756: Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant General Blakeney to Mr. Fox, Castle of St. Philip's, April 20, *756 — -Received June 6:

Ext 1 ad of a Letter from Lieutenant General Fowke to Mr. Fox, Gibraltar, January 2, 1736 — Received January 28; inclosing.

State and Condition of the maritime Force of France in the Mediterranean, fit for Service:

Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Fowke to Mr. Fox, Gibraltar, February 27,t736 — Received March 25 i inclosing,

A. 1757-

Extract of a Letter from Sir Benjamin Keene to General Blakeney, Madrid, February 14, 1756:

Copy of a Letter from General Fowke to General Blakeney, Feb. 26, 1756:

Copy of a Letter from Captain Hervey to General Fowke, Mahon, February 8,1756:

Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant General Fowke to Mr. Fox, Gibraltar, April 29, 1756 — Received June 2di inclosing.

Lift of French Fleet failed from Toulon:

Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant General Fowke to Mr. Fox, Gibraltar, April30, 1756 — Received June 2d; inclosing.

Lift of the'Battalions embarked at Toulon Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant General Fowke to Mr. Fox, Gibraltar, May 6, 1756 — Received May 31;

inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Consul to Lieutenant

General Fowke, April 27, 1756:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul to Sir

Thomas Robinson, Cccrthagena, March la, 1735 — Re* ceived April 2: *

Extradof a "Letter from Mr. Consul Banks to Sir Thomas Robinson, Carthagena, August 20, 1755 — Received September 27:

Extract of a Let ter from Mr. Consul Banks to Sir Thomas Robinson, Carthagena, Augifi 27, 1755 — Received Sept em Ur 27:

Extract cf a Letter from M r. Banks to Sir Thomas Robinson, Carthagena, December7, 17 35 — Received February 19: - -

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Banks to Mr. Fox, Carthagena, February 25, 1756 — Received 17:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Banks to Mr. Fox, Carthagena, March 24, 1756 — Received April 29: Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Banks to Mr. Fox, Carthagena, April 7, 1756 — Received April 29: Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Banks to Mr. Fox, Carthagena, April 14, 1756 — Received May 3: Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Banks to Mr. Fox Carthagena, April21, 1756 — Received 12

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Consul Banks to Mr. Carthagena, April23, 1756 — Received May 19:

Extradof a Letter from Mr. Consul Banks to Mr. Fox, Carthagena, May 18, 1736 — Received June 14th:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Banks to Mr. Fox, Carthagena, May 26, 1756 — Received 22:

Extract ofa Letter from Mr. Consul Banks to Mr. Fox, Carthagena, June 23, 1756-^-Received July 23:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Conlul Miller to Mr. Fox, Barcelona, February 23, 1756 — Received March

17, inclosing.

State of the French Forces coming into Provence: Extradof a Letter from Mr. Consul Muller to Mr. Fox, Barcelona, March go, 1756 — Received April 24-

inclosing.

Intelligence:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Consul Miller to Mr. Fox, Barcelona, April 4, 1756 — Received April 24:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Consul Miller to Mr. Fox, Barcelona, April 14, 1756 — Received May 31:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Conlul Miller to Mr. Fox, Barcelona, April 17, 1736 — Received May 13;

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Conlul Milter to Mr. Fox, Barcelona, April 21, 1756 — Received May 13: Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Miller to Mr. Fox, Barcelona, May ift, 1736 — Received June 2; inclosing,

Intelligence:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Miller to Mr. Fox, Barcelona, May 22, 1736 — Received 13:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Miller to Mr. Fox, Barcelona, June 3, 1756 — Received July 2:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Miller to Mr. Fox, Barcelona, June r2, 1736--Received July 2:

Extract

ax° Martii.

ioGEO.II. 21° Mar tit. ' 793

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Miller to Mr. Fox, Barcelona* June 19, 1756' — Received July 23d} in*

doling.

Extrail of an Article in the Barcelona , June

19. 1756;

Ext raft of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl of Holdernesse* Turin, August x6, 1755 — Received 30:

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of to the Earl of Heldefnesse, Turin, August 23d, 1753 — Received September 10:

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to the Earl of Holderncffe, Turin, August 30, 1755 — Received Sep-

tember 16:

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Sir Thomas Robtnfon, Twin, September 6, 1755 — Received September 19:

Extrait of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Sir Thomas Bobinfon, Turin, September 20, 1755 — Received October 4.; inclosing.

State of the maritime Force of France in the Mediterranean:

Extract r,f a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Sir Thomas Rcbivfon, Turin, September 27, 1755 — Received Oc-

tober 11:

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Sir Thomas Robinson, Turin, October 4, 1733 — Received October

li:

Extrait of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Sir Thomas Robinson, Twin, 18 . October 1753 — Received November 3:

Extract of a T etrer from the Earl of Bristol to Sir Thomas Robtnfon, Turin, 15 Ncv 1735 -Received 4

December:

Extrait of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Sir mas Robinson, Turin, November 22, 1753 — Received 13

December .*

- Extrait of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, Turin, 20 December 1735 — Received January 13: Extrait of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, Turin, 14 January 17 'b — Received February 24:

Extract of a Letter fr in the Earl ot to Mr.

Fox, Turin, 31 January 1730 — Received February 24: Extrait of a Letter from the Earl ot Bristol to Mr. Fox, Turin, 14 February 1750 — Received March 2:

Extrait of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, Turin, 21 February 1756 — Received 8 March:

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fix, Twin, 2 S 1 736 -R eceived March 15:

Extract of a Letrcr from the Earl of Briftvl to Mr. Fox, 'Turin, 6 March 1756 — Received March 20:

Extract of a L t ter from the Far! »*f Bristol to Mr. Fox, Turin, 13 Match 1756 Received April 1;

Extract of u Letter from the Bail of Bristol to Mr. Fox, Twin, 20 March 1756-v-Keceived April 7:

Extract ot a Letter from the Karl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, Turin, 27 March 1756 — deceived April 13; inclosing, Lift of Ships at Toulon:

Extract of a Le ter from the Ear] of BriJtolto Mr. Fox, Turin, 3 April 1 756- — Received 20 April:

Extract of a Letter from the Eari of Bristol to Mr. Fox, Turin, 10 April 1756 — Received April 27:

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, Turin, 17 April 1756 — Received May 5:

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, Turin, 24 April 1736 — Received May 10:

Extract of a Letter from the Ivarl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, Turin, lit May 1756 — Received May 17:

Extract of a Letter from die Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, Turin, s May 1736 — Received 24 May:

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, Turin, May 8, 1756 — Received May 24:

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, Twin, May 12, 1736 — Received May 28:

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fax, Turin, May 15, 1756 — Received June 1 ft:

Vol. 27.

Ext raft of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, p ,?ff, Turin, May 19, 1756 — Received June y ~ rr e ‘in

Extra# of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, # Turin, May 20, 1750 — Received June 14: kn*%

ExtiaQ; of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox,

Turin, June 5, 1756 — Received June 21ft:

Extract of a Letrcr from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox,

Turin, June 9, 175^ — Received June 24:

Extracts of Letters from the Earl ot Bristol to Mr. Fox,

Turin, June 12 and 17th, 1736 — Received June 28 Extra ft ofa Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox,

Twin, June 19, 1756 — Received July 3: '

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fjx,

Turin, June 23, 1756 — Received JiAy 9:

1* xtraft of a Letter from the Farl of Bristol to Mr. Fox9 Turin, June 26, 1756 — Received July 12:

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox,

Tut in, July 7, 1736 — Received July 23d r

Extract of a Letter from the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox,

Turin, July io3 I 756 — Received July 2'a:

Extra# ofa Letter from the Eari of Bristol to Mr. Fox,

Turin, July 14, 1756 — Received Ju'y 30:

Extra#’ of a 1 etter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Sir Thomas Robinson, Genoa, February 10, 1755 — Received Ft-bruary 26:

Extra# ofa Letter from Mr. Consul Dirties to Sir Thomas Robinson, Genoa, February 24, 1753 — Received March 17:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Sir Thomas Robinson, Genoa, April 28, 17^3 — Received May

14;

Extra# of Letter from Mr. Consul Births to Sir Thomas Rcbirfon, Genoa, May io, 1733 — Received June *3 \

Extra# of a Letter from Mr Consul Birtles to Sir Thomas Robinson, Genoa, 9 August 1733 — Received Ayft 271

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Consul Births to Sir Thomas Robinson, Genoa, Avgvfl 16, 1733 — Received Stp- tember 1 c:

Extra# ofn Letter from Mr Confu! Bhi'es to Sir Thomas Robinson, Genoa, August 30, 1735-Received September 16:

Ext a# of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Sir Thomas Robinson, Genoa, September 13, 1755 — Received September 30; inclosing.

Names of the Men of WaT arming at Toulon:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Cuniul Sinks to Sir Thomas Robinson, Genoa, September 20, 1 755 — Received October 9:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Consul B'rtles to Mr.

Fox, Genoa, January 17, 1736 — Received February a:

Extra# ot a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr.’

Fox, Genoa, January 26, \ -36 — Received February 11:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr,

Fox, Genoa, February 7, 1756 — Received February 23:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr.

Fox, Genoa, February 14, 1756 — Rtceiv d Mar/i 2:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Consul Births to Mr.

Fox, Genoa, February 21, 1756 — Received March 9:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr.

Fox, Genoa, March 6, 1736 — Received Merck 21:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Consul B:rt!cs to :.lr.

Fox, Genoa, March 10, 1 7 56 — Received April 2:

Extra# of a Lc’tc: from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr.

Fox, Genoa, March 13, 1 756 — Received April 2:

Extra# of a l.ctter from Mr. Consul Births to Mr.

Fox, Genoa, March 10, 1756 — Received April 7:

Copy of a Letter from Mi . Consul Birtles to Mr. Fox,

Genoa, March 27, 1736 — Received April 13:

Extra# ofa Letter from Mr. Confm Birtles to Mr. Fcx,

Genoa, April 3, 1756 — Received April 2o:

Extract of a Letter trom Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Fox,

Genoa, April 13, 1736 — Received May 5:

Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to M. Fox,

Genoa, April 17, 1736 — Received May 5:

9 Q Extra#

Fapcri

respecting

Admiral

Byng.

794

Extract ofa, Ldtqrfrom Mr- Consuli?ir//« to Mr.^ox, Genoa, April 19, 1754 — Received Mav 5:

Extradof a Letter from Mr. Consul to Mr. fyx,

Genoa, April at, 1156 — Received May 7:

fe'xtrad of a! Letter from Mr. Consul to Mr. Fox,

Genoa, April a 4, 17 6: — Received May 10:

Extract ofa Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Fox, Genoa, April a8., 1756 — Received May 17:

Extract of aLetter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Fox, Genoa, May 1,1756 — Received May 17:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Fox, Genoa, May j,17 56 — Received May 24:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Fox, Genoa, May 8, 1 ’56 — Received May 24:

E-\tradot a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr.

Genoa, May 15, 1756 — Received June ill:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Fox, Genoa, May22, 1756 — Received June 8:

Ext rad of aLetter from Mr. Consul to Mr. Fox, Genoa, May 29, 1756 — Received June 14:

Extract of a Letter trom Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Fox, Genoa, May 31,1756 — Received June 20:

Extract ot aLetter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Fox, Genoa, June 5. 1756 - Received June 21:

Extradof a Letter from M r. Consul to Mr.

Genoa, June 12, 1756 — Received June 28:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Fox, Genoa, June 19, 1756 — Received July 5:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Conlul Birtles to Mr. Fox, Genoa, June 26, 1756 — Received July tl:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Fox, Genoa July 3, 1756 — Received July 19:

"Extrad of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Fox, Genoa, July 10, 1756 — Received July 26:

Extract. of aLetter from Mr. Consul Dick to Sir ‘Thomas fybinfon, Le£//or« (without Date) — Received November i8, 1755:

Extrad, of-a EeRer from Mr. Conlul Dick to Mr. Fox, Leghorn, March 8, 1756 — Received March zu, inclosing,

Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant General Blakeney to Consul Dick, Mahon, February 6, 1756:

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Conlul Dick to Mr. Fox, Leghorn, March 15, 1 t 56 — Received April 2:

Extract. of a Letter from Mr. Consul Dick to Mr. Fox, Leghorn, May 17,1756 — Received June 1:

Extract of,a Letter from Mr. Consul Dick to Mr. Fox, Leghorn, May 21, 1736 — Received June 5:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Conlul Dick to Mr, Fox, Leghorn, June 11,1756 — Received June 24:

Extract of, a letter from Mr. Consul to Sir

Thomas Robinson, Nice, August, 25, 1755 — Received timber 16:

'Extract, of, a Letter, frqtq Mr. Coqful to Sir

Thomas Robinson, Nice, September 15, 1755; — Received October 4; inclosing,

State of the maritime Forces of prance in the Mediterranean:

Extract of a Letter, frotp Mr. Consul Mr*

Fox, Nice, December zz, 1755 — Received at:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Murray to Mr? Fox, Venice,. April 2, 1756 — Received April 17:

Extract of a Letter from, Mr. Murray to Mr. Fox, Venice, April. 28, 175^ — Received May 10:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Murray tp Mr. Fox, Venice, May 7, 1736 — Received May 24:

Extract of a Letter front M/-. Villettes to the Earl, of Holdernesse, Geneva, May 17, 1753 — Received May

3-1:

Extract of, a Letter from Mr, Villettes to the Earl of HoldemeJe, Bern, June 8, 1755 — Received June 21: Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to the Earl of, Holder neffe, Bern,-June 19, 1755 — Received 15 in-

doling, '

Advices:

xf. 1757.

Extract of a Letter frhOV Mf» Fir to the Eari of HolderneffeJBern, 16 August 1755 — rReceiyed 27.:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to the Earl of Holdernesse, Bern, August 28, 1755 — Received September 10:

Extract of a Letter from Mr- Villettes to Sir Thomas Robinson, Bern, September 4, 1755 — Received September 16} inclosing,

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. q Sir Thomas

Robinson, Bern, zo September 1755 — Received ber30:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes. to Sir Thomas Robinson, Bern, October 3, 1755 — Received Ofloper 18; inclosing.

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Sit Thomas Robinson, Bern, October 25, 1733 — Received November 5i inclosing,

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Sir Thomas Robinson, Bern, October 29, 1733 — Received November 10; inclosing.

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Sir Thomas Robinson, Bern, November8, 1755 — Received 48} inclosing,

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villeltep to Sir Thomas Robinson, Bern, November 13, 1753 — Received November,

28 j inclosing,

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Sir Thomas Robinson, Bern, November 20, 1735 — Received December 4 j inclosing.

Advices:

Extradof a Letter from Mr. Villettes to- Mr. , Bern, December 6, 1733 — Received December 20; inclosing.

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, December 13, 1753 — Received 25 j in-

closing.

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, December 27, 1755 — Received January. 13 j inclosing,

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, Jan. 8, 1756 — Received January 21 > inclosing. Advices, N* 1 and 2:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, January 31, 1736 — Received February 24; inclosing,

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, February 14, 1736 — Received February 25; inclosing.

Advices, N* t and 2:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, February 21, 1736 — Received March z j inclosing.

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. , Bern, March,4, 1736 — Received 15 -, inclosing,

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, March 13, 1756 — Received March 22; inclosing, Advices, N* 1 and 2:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, March 18, 1756 — Received April z; inclosing. Advices, N" 1 and 2:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, March 31, 1756 — Received April *3} inclosing, Advices N* i, 2, 3, and 4:

Extract

jc

4-'

;v

k

II

is-

t

v

ti -

y:

30 Geo. II.

31® Martii.

79$

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, April 8, 1756 — Received April 20; inclosing, Advices, N° 1 and 2:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. to Mr. Fox,

Bern, 10 April 1756 — Received April 26; inclosing.

Advices, N® 1 and 2:

Extract of a letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, April 15, 1756 — Received April 27 } inclosing. Advices, N° 1 and 2:

Ext rad of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr.

Bern, April 22, 1756 — Received May 5; inclosing. Advices, N® 1 and 2:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, April 29, 1756 — Received May 10; inclosing, Advices:

Extract of a. Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, May 6, 2756 — Received May 17 j inclosing. Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, May 13, 1756 — Received 24} inclosing,

Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to M". Fox, Bern, May 20, 1756 — Received June 1 , inclosing. Advices, N° 1 and 2:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, May 27, 1756 — Received June 8; inclosing, Advices, N® 1 and 2:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, May 30, 1736 — Received June 12; inclosing, Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, June's, 1756 — Received Ju 14; inclosing, Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, June 10, 1756 — Received June 2i inclosing, Advices, Js0 1, 2, and 3:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. pox, Bern, June 13, 1736 — Received June 24 j inclosing, Advices, N® 1, 2, and 3:

Extract of a Letter from N£r. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, June 17, 1756 — Received June 28; inclosing. Advices, N® 1 and 2:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, June 20, 1756 — Received July 2; inclosing, Advices, N® I, 2, and 3:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, June 24, 1756 — Received July 5; inclosing. Advices:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, June27, 1756 — Received 9 i inclosing,

Advices, N® 1 and 2:

Extract of a letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, July 1, 1736 — Received J 12; inclosing.

Advices, N* 1 and 2:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, July4, 1756 — Received July 16 , inclosing, Advices, N® 1, 2, and 3:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Villettes to Mr. Fox, Bern, July 11, 1756 — Received July 23; inclosing. Advices:

Extract of a 1 etter from Mr. de to Sir Thomas Robin/on, Paris, Jan. 1, 17; 5 — Received Jan 5:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Timas tfobinfon, Paris, Jan. S, 1755 — Received Jan. 12: Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robtnfon, Paris, Jan. 15, 1755 — Received Jan 1.8.: Exradt of a Letter from Mr. to Sir Thomas

Robinson, Paris, Jan. 22, 1755 — Received Jan. 25: Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir, Thomas Robinson, Paris, Jan, 29, 1735 — Received February 2 i inclosing,

Intelligence, dated Jan.21, 1755:

Extiadt of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne,tQ Sir Thomas, fyobpfon, Paris, February 3, 1755 — Received

H-y v

i^ctradt of a Letter from Mr. df Cofne to Sir. Thomas -Yoju 27.

Robinson, Paris, February i, 173.5 — Received February Papers 9; inclosing, . W’"*

Account of Ships fitting out at 1755: Byn&>

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, February 12, 1735 — ’Received Febru* ary 16:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, February 19, 1755 — Received February 23:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, February 26, 1755 — -Received March 3:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, March 5, 1735 — Received Marti 11 j inclosing,

Lift of Ships fitting out at Rociefort, February 1733:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, March 12, 1755 — Received March 16:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, March 19, 1735 — Received March 23: inclosing,

Intelligence, dated March 12, 1755 i Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, April 2, 1733 — Received April 6:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, April 9, 1755 — Received April 13:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, April 16, 1753 — Received April 19:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, April 23, 1755 — Received April 27; inclosing,

Lift of the Officers of the Squadrons at Brejl and Rochefort:

Armament at Brejl, 1753.:

Extract of a Letter from Mr de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, April 26, 1753 — Received May 1:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, April 30, 1733 — Received May 3:

Ext radt of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to the Earl of Holdernesse, Paris, May 2, 1735 — Received May 11:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, May 6, 1755 — Received May 10:

Extract ot a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, May 14, 1755 — Received May 18:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to the Earl of Holdernesse, Paris, May 13, 1733 — Received June 1:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, May 28, 1755 — Received June 1:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, June 4, 1735 — Received June 8:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas '

Robinson, Paris, June 11, 1733 — Received June 13:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Paris, June 23, 1755 — Received June 29:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. de Cofne to Sir Thomas Robinson, Compeigne, July 23, 1735 — Received July 26:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Barham to Mr. fun, Dover, August 31, 1755 — Received September 1:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Barham to Mr.

Jon, Dover, October 7, 1753 — Received October 8:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Barham to Mr. Amyand,

Dover, February 10, 1736 — Received February 11:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Barham to Dover, February 28, 1756 — Received February 29:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. Barham to Mr.

Dover, March 10, 1756 — Received March 11.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

4-nd the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid. Papers are prclerved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for settling a certain, yearly Sum Countess at upon the right honourable Anne Fitzroy, commonly called Eufton’* Countess of RuJlpn,'Wi&: of the right honourable 5«

Fttztpy

Reading to Baiirguoke Road.

Encouragement of Stamen.

Ditto.

Warwick S hire Halt.

21° Martii. 1757.

Fitzroy Esquire, cdmmohly called Earl of Euston% out of certain yearly Pensions issuing out of the hereditary Revenue of the Excise, and comprised in certain Letters Patent bearing Date the 22cl Day of , in the 26th

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in Part of the Jointure agreed to be secured to her upon her Intermarriage wkh the said Augustits Earl of was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be,' An Act for settling a certain yearly Sum upon the right honourable i^«eii//'2f(yi>commonly calledCountess of Eu-fton, W ife of the right honourable ujlus Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of Eu, out of certain yearly Pensions ifiuing out of the hereditary Revenue of the Excite, and comprised in certain Letters Patent bearing Date the Two-and-twentieth Day of in the 26th Year

of the Reign of King Charles the S.cond, in Part of the Jointure agreed tobelecured to herupon her Intermarriage with the said Right honourable Fitzroy Esquire,

commonly called Earl of Eitjl

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr Dodd presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlardnsj the Term and Powers granted by Two

OO , O,

AtiToi Parliament, one parted in the4th Yearot the Reign of !rs late Majesty King George, and the other in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Croivn Co, in the Town of

ing, leading by and through the several Parishes of field and Heckfield, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, lo Basingstoke,\nt\\eCo\inlyof Southamp-

ton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

RefoIved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

APetition of the Bailiffs and Burgessesof theantient Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, in Common Council nfiembled, in behalf of themfefvcs, and other the Inhabitants of the same Borough, and also in behalf of the OtherSca Ports and maritime Towns of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read, complaining of the dip trolled Circumstances of many of the Families of Seamen belonging to that Borough (and who have been some time in his Majesty's Sea Service) by their not having as yet received ary Part of their Pay: And alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that if tire Mariners in the royal Navy should receive a convenient Part of their Pay at reasonable Instalments. the same would be of great Relief to their Families, and very much conduce to the Encouragement of other Mariners, to enter into such Service: And therefore praying, That the Grievances aforesaid may beredressed; and, for fur!) Purpose, that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more speecly and regular Payment of the Wanes of Mariners in his Majesty’s Service; and that the Petitioners 2nd those others on whose behalf they like — wife petition, may have fuel) further or other Relief in the Premises as to the House 11 all seem meet.

A petition 1 the Owners and Mailers of Ships, and other the principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Whitby, was a lb paPnted to the House, and read; setting forth, That a great Number cf Seamen belonging to the said Town are empb yed on board his Majesty's Fleet, whose Wi\es and Children have nothing to (ubfift on, for want of the Wages due to the said Seamen, and are become very burthensome to the said Inhabitants: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Cor.lideration; and to grant to the Families of the said Seamen, for their Subsistence, One Months Pay in Three, or Two Months Pay in Six, either in ready Money, or by Tickets for the fame, carrying Interest from the time they shall respectively bear Date, or such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the I able.

A Bill for rebuilding and keeping in Repair the Shire Hall of the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

J5

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Lyjler, Mr.

Mr. Proxvfe, Mr. Adore, Mr. CdebMr. Fellows, Mr. Banker, Mr. Ky na/lon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hayes, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Norther, Sir fy/de, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Amco/ts, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Gore, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Mr. Wiikinson, Sir John Cull, Mr. Ridley, Str Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Cocks, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sir RarerNesvdirate, Mr. Godo/pMr. Medlsco

Mr.O. 'entry, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Walter, Mr. Foley, Mr. He weft, Mr. Olmitis, Mr/ Symonds, Sir John Glynn, M,r. Lane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. George Onslow, Mr.

Egerton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Cooke, Sir IVme Beauchamp Pro ft or, Mr. Lewis, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Pitt, Sir Armine Wo de house, Mr. C helm lev, Mr Compbd!,

Mr. Bowes, Mr. Alderman Bickford, Mr. Morton, Mr.* ' Vaughan, Mr. Boone, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Aldworth, ,$ir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Pozudh* and all ’the Members who serve for the Counties ot Warwick, Northampton)

Leicester, Stafford, and Wore eft er: And they afe to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. 1

The Lord Bateman reported to the I louse, That their Anftrcr to Address ot Friday last, That his Majesty would be gra* Addressfar ciously pleased to give Dheftrons, that the Papers therein ?*-mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act Bishopthorpt for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of ladofiue. Agreement for the dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadow Ground?, and Common or Waste, in the Township of Bishopthorpe, in the County of the City of York; and for other Purposes therein-mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkinson. Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr Ojbcld.fi on, Mr. Dawn re,- Mr. Coventry, Sir Francis Pocle, Mr. Charlton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. More, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Nort hey%

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Fuller, Mr Hexes, Mr. Calvert, - Mr.

Dicker, Mr. Slid lev, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gcdolphin, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Turner, Mr Colleton, Mr. Lee, Mr. Oltnius, Mr. Wf,

Mr. Fonercau, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Banket, Mr. Proxvfe, Mr.

Bond, Mr. Martin, Mr. Symonds, Mr. TV//?, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Alderman Bedford, Sir Robert Buvdett, Mr. Uardinge, Mi. Powell, Mr. Fellow e$.

Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cdebrooke, Sir John G/ynne, Lord Roy ft on. Sir Willoughby Act on, Si r H.nry Erskine; and all the M rmers who ftrve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, West-mordand. Lane after, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from Old Brentford,' in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey* at a certain Place called Kew Ferry, or the Horse Ferry, or as near thereto westward as conveniently may be, was read a*

Second time.

A Motion being made, That the Bill be committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’$

Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, hav--ing been informed of the Purport of the said Bn1, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Inter ft is concerned, that the House may do therein a^ they shall think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Cooke, Sir Francis Pcole, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Recorder of London, Lord Major of London*r Mr. Wiikinson, Mr. Ridley, Mr. More, Mr. Ky na/lon,

Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fuller, Sir Charles Mot-daunt, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Colleton, Sir John

Glynn,

30 Geo. II. 4i Mart#. - 797

Glynn, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Jtkn Rnjhtmt, Mr. Vtrmi, Sir Oriffre^, That Mr. Lkyi, junior, of Birming- Importatio*

Robert Hildyard, Mr. Calvert, Sir George Lee, Mr. do, To*morrow Morning, attend the Committee of of lro‘* Charlton, Sir William Calvert, Mr. John Put, Lord the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider far*

Dupplin, Mr. Vyner, Colonel Griffin, Mr Georgether of the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Assistants,

Onslow , Mr. Of weld, Mr Budgeh, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adven-

Rotter, Mr. fork, Sir Edmund tffiam, Mr. Stanley, Mr. turers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Boives, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Com-Fazakerlsy, Mr. Alderman Beck ford, Mr . Symonds, Mr. tnittee.

Lyfler, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Boone, Mr. Powell, Mr.

Fairfax, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Nortkey, Mr. Popham, Mr. Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, who were Expiring

Mackenzie, Mr. Grenville, Mr Peachey, Mr. Muir, Mr. appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near ex- Law‘'

Ofbaldeflon, Mr. Palmer. Mr. Cartwright, Ur. Edward piring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which Vernon, Mr. Sands^, Mr. Stanhope, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. of them are fit to be revived, or continued* That the Bay 11 tun, Sir John Hynde Cotton-, and all the Members Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Kent. Surrey, fcvewl Resolutions, which they had directed him to re-

Berks, Bucks, and Hertford, and the City of London:port to the House; which he read in his Place; and after-And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, wards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the we?e read; and are as followeth; viz.

Committee are to have Voices. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 48 th Year of the Reign of his Sir Charles Mordauntpresented to the House, accord- present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue several Indofuie. ;ng to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several open Laws relating to the Distemper now raging among the and arable Meadow and Pasture Grounds in the Parish of Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, which, by an Act made Lox/ey, in the County of Warwick: And the same was in the last Session of Parliament, was further continued received; and read the First time. until the 29th Day of September 1756, and from thence

A Motion being made, That the Bill be read a Second to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is time; near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amend-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty’s ments.

Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, hav- Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ing been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives That-an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of His his Consent, as far as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regu-that the House may do therein as they shall think fit. Ltion of Laftage and BaHaftage in the River Thames,

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time. which- was to continue in force from the First Day of

June 1733, for Five Years, and from thence to the End Corfbana, An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping of the- then next Session of Parliament, and which, by * in Repair, the Road leading from a Place called the Cross several subsequent Acts of the 11 th and 18th Years of His

Keys, otherwise Brickers Barn, in the Pavifh of Corsham, present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the in the County of Wilts, to Bath Eaflon Bridge, in the First Day of June 1756, and from thence to the End of County of Somerset, was read the Third time. the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and

The Amendments following were severally proposed to fit to be continued.

be made to the Bill; viz. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Pr. 8. L. 38. After " lload," to insert " hereby di- That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, inreded to be repairedtituled, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Pr. 11. L. 28. To leave out or either:" Seamen to serve in his Majesty’s Ships of War, and on

Pr. 35. L. 34. After " them," to inlert " shallboard Merchant Ships, and other trading Ships and Vef-Pr. 42. L. penult. After " or," to insert is." Fcls, which was to continue in force until the 25th Day

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question of March 17$"], is near expiring, and fit to be conti-severally put t uereu 0011, agreed to by the House: And uued.

the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a

Rfolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Second time, was postponed. be. An Act for amending, widening, makingconv.no- The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read tlious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon,

Keys, oth'T.vile Bricker's Barn, in the Parish of Corjluim, agreed to by the House.

in the County of Wilis, to Bath Eaflon Bridge, in the The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a County of Somerset. Second lime, was postponed.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Se-

Lords and desire their Concurrence. eond Resolution of the said Committee, which has been

agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Bacon, Mr.

March, Ordered, That Mr. Hamilton, Sir Matthew Lamb, the Lord Mayor of London, and Mr. Recorder

Draiiuge. Mr Webb, Mr. Egerton, Sit John Turner, Mr. Wort ley, of London, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

junior, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Jenyns, Mr, Whicheot, Mr.

Cooke, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more Distemper draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds, effectually to prevent the fpreaxiing of the Distemper now among* and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March raging amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom: And *n and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle that Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sir Charles

of Ely and County of Cambridge, is committed. Kemys Tynte, and Mr. Townshend, do prepare, and bring

in, the lame.

Cow Ordered, That Lord Euflon, Mr. Luttrell, Lord ViK

Edward Montagu, be added to the Committee* Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Ways to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Committee of the whole House, to whom Jt was referred wd Meant, granted by an Act passed in the 20th Year of the Reign to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the of his present Majesty, for repairing the high Road lead- Supply granted to his Majesty* the Resolutions which the ing from the North End of the Cow Causey, near the Committee had directed him to report to the Houfr;

Town of Neivcajtie upon Tyne9 to the Town of Belford, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of Aror- at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are i Humbert and; and for making the same more effectual* it at followeth; viz*, committed. *

Vol. 27. 9R ' Resolved,

L

798 Martii. 1757.

w*y» Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Means. That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, be granted to his Majesty, from and after the ioth Day or October 1756.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which shall be ingrafted or written any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or other Deed, for which a Stamp Duty of Six Pence is payable by virtue of an Act made in the 12th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne.

Resolvetd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Five Pounds be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrafted or written any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who shall not take out either a Licence for retailing of spirituous Liquors, or a Licence for retailing of Beer, Ale, or other excii'eable Liquors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Four Pounds be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrafted or written any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who shall take out a Licence for retailing of Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, but shall not take out a Licence for retailing of spirituous Liquors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Stamp Duty of Forty Shillings be charged upon every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrafted or written any Licence for retailing of Wine, to be granted to any Person who shall also take out a Licence for retailing of spirituous Liquors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, all Persons retailing of Wine shall be obliged to take out Licences annually, to be granted by the Commissioners appointed lor managing the Duties arising by Stamps upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made 12 Car. 2. intituled, An Act for the better ordering the felling of Wines by Retail, and for preventing Abuses in the mingling, corrupting, and vitiating, of Wines, and for setting and limiting the Prices of the fame, except so much thereof as relates to the preventing Abuses in the mingling, corrupting, and vitiating, of Wines, and for setting and limiting the Prices ' of the fame, shall, from and after the 5th Day of July 1757, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, from and after the 5th Day of July 1757, the Commission whereby Agents and Commissioners are appointed, by virtue of the said Act, for granting Licences for retailing of Wine, shall cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of the several Duties before mentioned, his Majesty be empowered to grant, during Pleasure, to the several Agents or Commissioners for managing the Duties on Wine Licences granted by the said Act, and their Officers, or such of the said Agents or Officers as his Majesty shall think proper, such yearly Allowances as his Majesty shall think fit; so as no such Allowance to any Agent or Commissioner shall exceed Five hundred Pounds a Year, and so as no such Allowance toany other such Officer shall exceed the pretent annual Amount of the Salaries and Wages due and payable to such Officers relatively.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, after the Determination of the said Duties upon Wine Licences granted by the said Act, in lieu thereof

there shall be set apart and paid to his Majesty, out of the several Duties before mentioned, the yearly Sum of Seven thousand and Two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Three Pence, which appears to have been the net annual Produce of the former Duties on Wine Licences, upon a Medium of Six Years, ending the 5th Day of January 17S7-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, an additional Duty of One Half penny be laid upon every Paper not exceeding One whole Sheet, containing public News, Intelligence, or Occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, an additional Duty of One Shilling be charged upon every Advertisement contained in the London Gazette, or any other printed Paper, to be dispersed or made public weekly, or oftener.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, a Duty of Two Shillings be charged upon every Advertisement contained in, or published with, any printed Paper or printed Pamphlet whatsoever, to be dispersed or made public yearly, monthly, or at any other Interval of Time, exceeding One Week.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, an additional Duty of One Penny be charged upon every Almanack or Calendar for any one particular Yeir, or for any time less than a Year, printed on one Side only of One Sheet or Piece of Paper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, an additional Duty of Two Pence be charged upon every other Almanack or Calendar for anyone particular Year.

Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for every Almanack or Calendar made to serve for several Years, the said several additional Duties be charged for every such Year, not exceeding Three Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, an additional Duty of Four Shillings be paid for every Chaldron of Coals, Newcastle Measure, which shall be shipped for Exportation to any Part beyond the Seas, except to Ireland, the Isle of Man, or his Majesty’s Plantations, and after the same Rate for any greater or lesser Quantities.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Annuities payable pursuant to the Resolution of this House, of the 14th Day of this instant March, be charged upon the said several Rates and Duties before-mentioned.

The Nine first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read.4 Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Tenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty is willing, and contents, to accept of the said yearly Sum, so to be set apart and paid to his Majesty, in lieu of the Duties granted by the said Act of King Charles the Second.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen W»p who areappointed to prepare, and bring in,a Bill pursuant *n<1 to the Resolution which, upon the 14th Day of this instant March, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means foe raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

and

30 Geo. II. 210 — 12° Martiu 79$

and was then agreed to by the House, That they do present the said Bill pursuant also to the Resolutions this Day reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and which have been agreed to by the House.

Bagrat . Notice being taken. That the Bill for repairing the

ftoad. Roads from Bags hoi, in the County of Sumy, to Hert-

ford Bridge Hill, in the County of and also the Road from Bagshot to a Place called the Golden Farmer, varied from the Order for preparing, and bringing in, the £ime.

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said BiH.

And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly.

BWth R'-vcr Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report from

KaTi^tion. the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Blyth, navigable from Halefworth Bridge, in the County of Suffolk, into the Haven of Southwold, was committed.

Mr. Affleck accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, ancj found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill;and made several Amendments thereunto; which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read; fan!(timent Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

of Cheat*, ing next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Cheats, and for the further preventing the Embezzlement of Goods and Apparel by those who are intrusted with them; and for preventing Gaming in public Houses.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

t ing next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 220 Martii;

Anno 3P* Georgii II4J Regis, 1757. Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords by Mr. Edwards and Mr. IViple:

Mr. Speaker,

Turner's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Name. to enable Thomas Turner, El'quire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Payler, without any Amendment: And also,

Irwin’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Mate. empowering Henry Viscount Irwin, George Ingram his Brother, and Charles Ingram his Nephew, to settle Part of the said Viscount Irwin's Estate, upon the Marriage of the said Charles Ingram; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Knceurage- A Petition of the Master, Pilots, and Seamen, of the Sfamen. Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne: And allb.

Ditto.' -A Petition of the Merchants, Owners and Commanders of Ships or Vessels, belonging to the Port of the 1 own and County of Nr upon Tyne; Vox. *7.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Dittrefles of the Families of the Seamen now employed on board his Majesty’s Fleet:

And praying t he House to take their deplorable same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief as the House shall think proper.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Rye snd mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and jjrtours Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County, of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to i ts ancient Goodness; is committed.

Mr. Olmius reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to ,e*

enable Mary Jeffreys, the Wife of Jeffrey Jeffreys, Esquire, a Lunatic, and the Committee or Committees of his Estate for the Time being, to make Leafesof the Parts, and Shares of the said Mary Jeffreys of divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, deviled by the Will of Sir William Morric deceased, during the Continuance of the said Lunatic’s Interest therein, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, Thai Sir Charles Mordaunt be added to the Morton Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Inclosure. Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the honourable Henry Grenville, Esquire, on behalf of himself, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds lying in the open and common Fields and commonable Lands in the Parish or Township of Morton, otherwise Morton Morrill, in the County of Warwick.

Mr. Cholmley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of common c 0 Ground in the Manor of Strenfall, in the County of Too k; and forgiving Compensation to the Prebendary of Stren-_/a//aforesaid, and his Farmer, and the Vicar of StrenJall, in lieu of their respective Tythes, and EcclesiasticalDues. out of the said Parcel of Ground; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Owners of Eleven Common Rights, one of whom is a Minor; another refused to consent because the Inclosure was not Freehold; and Two others objected, that the draining of the new Inclosureswould injure theirold Inclosures: That another had not been applied to, because the Title was in Dispute; and that the remaining Six made no Objection to the Bill: That the whole Number of Common Rights conlifts of Fifty-two; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Lilias Montgomerie, of Skelmorly, to fell Lands in the County of Renfrew, and to, lay out the Monies railing thereby in the Purchase of Lands contiguous

to

Ivtl

Navigation.

800 22° Martii. A. 1757,

to other Lands of the said Lilias Montgomerie, in the Goranty of Air; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved\That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Chehnky, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Lyster, Mr. More, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Poore, Mr. Poller, Lord Strange, Mr. George Onslow, Sir Charles Marti aunt, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Turner, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sdndys, Mr. OlmHts, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pal-

mer, Mr. fVilkmfon, General Cornwallis, Mr.

Mr. West, Mr. Vyner, Sir Edmund , Mr. Gajhry,

Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Cust, Mr. Grenville, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Walter, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Trifl, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. , Mr. Finney, Mr. Vaughan, Sir LionelPilkington, Mr. Bagot, Lord Malpas, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lane, Colonel A'Court, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Recorder of; and all

the Members who serve for North Britain,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Charles Gore reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants, of the Counties of Bedford, and Hertford, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol'oweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. Langley Edwards,a Surveyor: Who infofmed your Committee, That he had surveyed the River Ivel, from the River Ouze, in the Parish of in the County of Bedford to Broad Mead in the Parish of in

the said County, and from thence up the Three several Branches thereof, one to a Place called Port Mill in the Town of Hitchin, in the County of Hertfordanother to the Black Horse Mill in the Parish of Bygrave, in the liid County; and the other to the South and North Bridges in the Town of Shefford, in the County of Bedford:

That he was employed to take the said Survey in February iaft, and finds, that the intended Navigation is very practicable in all the Branches.

Being asked, Whether he had ever been concerned in making Rivers navigable f he said. He was employed in making the River Nene navigable, pursuant to a late Act of Parliament; and that he had been concerned in several Works of the like Nature in the Fens:

That the Distance from the River Ouze to the Baldock Branch is about 12 Miles, in which space the Water falls near 50 Feet; and that the Depth of Water required for the Navigation will be Three Feet, which will carry a Barge of 20 Tons Burthen.

Being aflced, Whether, when the Navigation should be completed, it would not deprive the several Mills of Water ? he laid. That the Method proposed for the Navigation was, not to raise the Surface of the Water, but to deepen the River by taking away the Shoals; and that by making Locks and Penns the Mills will be preferred: That it was proposed to lay a Duty of $d. for every Barg? paflfing through a Lock, to be paid to the Occupiers of the Milk, as a Recompense for the Loss of Water; That he had proposed this to the Millers, at a Meeting which was held for that Pumofe; and that Mr. Blower, a Mailer of the Mills at agreed it

would be a sufficient Recompence, and none of the others made any Objection to it; but that Mr. s Mill

at Hitchin will receive more Prejudice than any of the relt: That there will be no Necessity for a Gang of Barges to pats above Once a Week, and therefore the loss of W rat?r will be bat small; and the River must be en-

7.3

larged, by which a greater Body of Water will be preserved for the Use of the Mills; and that some of the Mills will not receive any Prejudice at all from the’Navigation, nor will any of the Mills be prevented from working, except Mr. Bogdanie's Mill at Hitchin aforesaid:

That the Lands on each Side of the River are for the most Part a dead Flat; and that the Height of the Locks are proposed to be the same with the present Heads of the Mills; and that he thinks there will be no Fear of the Country suffering for want of their Corn being ground, for that there will be a constant Supply of Water in Summer, since the River will be made narrower and dequer.

Mr. Thomas Yeomans, Surveyor, being examined, said, That be had surveyed that Part of the River which lies between Langford and Hitchin, and between Langford and Baldock, both which Branches he thinks capable of being made navigable.

And he confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Langley with regard to the Mills upon the several Streams; and added, That the gd. a Barge will be more than a sufficient Re-compenfe for the Loss of Water; for that the Rain Water will be better retained by the opening of the River; and that in a Head of Water of Six Feet it will take more than Six Lockfuls to grind a Sack of Corn;

That the making the River navigable will be a great Advantage to the Lands on each Side, and will be a Means of furnishing the Country with Fuel cheaper;

And that there is no Danger of overflowing the Lands, for the Locks will be of Service to drain them, because they will throw open their Gates in Times of Flood, which will draw off the Water much sooner than the present Stream.

Mr. Edward Rudd, Maltster at Biggleswade, said, Teat the present Price of I and Carriage for Coals from Temps -ford to Bigglcfwade is 6 s.a Chalder Lynn Measure; and that there are 1,000 Cnalder in a Year consumeJ at Big-glefwade, and about 1,100 Tons in the Neighbourhood:

That the Difference of Expence between Wood and Coal Fires is very great; and that it is the general Opinion of the Country, that the opening of the Navigation would be of great and public Utility.

Being asked, if it would not be a Detriment to the Persons employed in the Land Carriage of those Coals ? he said. That nobody was employed in the Carriage of Coals but poor Farmers, who, for the fake of the ready Money, spend their Time in carrying Coals; which would answer much better if employed in the Cultivation of their Lands; for that the rich Farmers will not undertake it, because they can employ their Time better.

Mr. Richard Triflram, an Inhabitant of Hitchin, being examined, laid. That the Price of Land Carriage for Coals, from Tempsford to Hitchin, is 12 s. per Chalder Lynn Measure; and that it is the general Opinion of the Gentlemen and other Inhabitants of Hitchin, and the neighbouring Places, that the Navigation would be cf great Use to that Part of the Country, as it would be the Means of furnishing them not only with Coals, but several other Commodities, at a cheaper Rate.

Mr. Thomas Love, who lives at , and is Sur-

veyor of the Turnpike Road between Bigglefivade and Stevenage, informed Yrour Committee, That die piefent Price of Land Carriage for Coals, from Tempsford to Baldock, is 9 s.a Chalder small Measure, which is something more than One Fourth short of Lynn Measure; That according to a Calculation he had made, the Coals consumed in the Town of Baldock amount to near 1,000 Chalder, and there is more consumed in the Neighbourhood than in the Town:

That the Coal Carriages use the Roads at all times of the Year, and all of them (except One Carriage) use narrow Wheels; and that they do more Harm to the Road from Tempsford to Stevenage, than the Tolls paid for their Passage will make good.

Mr, Joseph Cole, an Inhabitant of Shefford, being examined, said. That the present Price of Land Carriage

for

Nut h:U'% t>non:e.

Glasgow

Roads.

If" in’s tllute.

30 Geo. II. 22* M80

for Coals, from Tempsford to is Nine Shillings

per Chalder Lynn Measure, winch amounts to for every Boftielof Coals: That he has made a Calculation, by which it appears, that 1,500 Chalder maybe vended from a Wharf at Shcfford; and that the whole Country are of Opinion, that the Navigation would be very useful for bringing up Coals, and other Goods.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the River Ivel, and the Branches thereof, navigable from the River Ouze, at Tempsford., in the County of Bedford, to the Town of , in the County of

Hertford, and to Black ?rfeMU in the Parish of Bygrave, in the said County of , and to the South

and North Bridges in the Town of in the County of Bedford: And that Mr. Charles , Sir John Turner, Mr. P/umer, Mr. Walpole, and Sir Matthew do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Gentleman,

with Lucy Scott, his now Wife, an 1 to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

RefoJved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an A<5k passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of so far as the fame relates to certain Roads mentioned in the said Act; and also to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of and to repair several other Roads leading into the said City; and for building a Bridge crols the River of In-chinnem; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Veitch, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr. Webb, Mr.

Trip, M r. Sandy s, Sir William Beauchamp Prod or, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. More, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Crafter. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Onftozv, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Wills inf on, Mr. Prohyn, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Poore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. O!mi its, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Fel-lowes. Sir John Turner, Mr. Mr.

Air. Cartwright, Sir Roger New digale, Mr. Mr.

Recorder ot London, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Charles hend, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Bagot, Mr. , Mr. Lifter,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Med/ycott, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lee, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Flardinge, Sir Edmun-l Isham, Mr. Grenville, Sir Matthew

Lambe, Mr. V)ner, Sir Francis , Mr. Sir

Wuiiam Calvert, Mr. West, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr.

Mackenzie, Lord Enftott, Mr. Affleck, Lord , Mi. Per non. Lord Strange, Mr. Cocks, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Harbord,\fr Pinny, and all the Members who serve

for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of ttie Clock, in the Speaker’* Chamber.

An ingrolLd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Henry Viscount. Irwin, George Ingram, Lis B: other, and Charles Ingiam, his Nephew, to let tit Part of the said Viscount Irwin’s Efface, upon the Marriage Vol. 27.

of the said Char.es Ingram; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bin be read a Second time.

A Petition of the feve a! PerLns, who have a Right of Common in a large Trad of common Marlli, or *afte Land, called the Pease Marftt, lying iu several Parishes within the Hundred of Godalming, in the County of Surrey, whole Names are thereunto tuoferibed, was prest nted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Peti-toners are the Land Owners, Tenants, or Occupiers, of f veral Farms, Lands, or Tenements, situate in the said Hundred, and have, for Time immemorial, been intitled to, and have used and enjoyed, a Right oi Common for Sheep, and all Kind of Beall and Cattle, without Stint, on every Part of the said common Marsh or waste Land, and particularly on that Part thereof which lies in the Manor of Lofeley, in the Parish of Guildford, at all Times of the Year; and taking Notice, that Leave hath been giv, n to bring in a Bill for indufing and dividing into Severalty such Part of the said common Marsh as lies within the said Manor of and Parish

of Saint Nicholas, Guildford; and alleging, that the Peti-

tioners have all an equal Right with the Seven Persons, wh, the Petitioners are informed, signed the Petition for the Inclosu re, to the Benefit of Common on every Part of the said Marsh; and are convinced the inclosing thereof will be very prejudicial ta the Petitioners, their Estates, and Poffdlions: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pals into a Law'.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Godalming, and the Villages of Milford, Witley, Thur-ftey, Chiddingfold, and other Places, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is brought into the House, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Godalming, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of DunElon Hill, and from Pet-worth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex; and alleging, that such Part of the Road intended by the said Bill to be repaired, as leads from Godalming, through Hambledon, to the Boundary Poll which divides the Parishes of Hambledon and Chiddingfold, is very hilly, and in many Places very narrow, and leads through several deep and hollow Ways, which will require widening in several Parts; and that the widening and repairing such Road, and keeping the same in Repair, will be attended with a very great Expence; and that the Road leading out of the Road in the Village of Milford, over Black Hill Common, through Wheeler Street, Witley Street, over

Wormley Heath, through Tichbo otherwise Lane, and Part of Hambledon Hu>ftto the said Boundary Poll, is a much more open, level, and convenient Road, and may be repaired, and kept in Repair, at a much less Expence, as the same is, in all or moll Parts, of a sufficient Width, and the Extern to be repaired will be above One Mile lets: And therefore praying, That such Provision may be made in the said Bill, in relation to this Matter, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ot a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;, and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Malyneux, Mr. George Onslow, Sir Charles Mor daunt.Air. Air. Webb,

Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Middleton, Mr. A Sir Will tarn

Calvert, Mr. Moore, Sir John , Mr. , Mr.

Yemen, Mr. Shelley, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Butler, Mr. Cr after, Mr. Fuller, A1‘. fh Air. Gore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. O Indus, L. >rd Strange, Mr. Nart hey, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. W:Ikinjon, Sir John Glynn, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Air.

Mr. Prabyn, Mr. Kynaftun, Mr. Poore, Mr. Air.

9 S Whichcot,

tiOlelef

Inclosure.

GoTlming

Road.

8<n 2 2° Martii. 1757.

Which cot, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Vynet, Sir John Cust, Mr. Plumer, Si r John Turner, Mr. Mr. Hardin ge, Mr. Cooke, Mr. , Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Lewis, Sir William Beauchamp Psofter, Mr. Lee, Mr. Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Foster eau, Mr and all the Members who lerve for the Counik-s of Surrey, and

Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

Inquiry Refo/ved, That an humble Address be presented to his respecting Majesty, That lie will be graciously pleated to give Di-Ste*arfand re<^‘on5> ft1# there be laid before this House, a Copy of others. his Majesty’s Warrant for the Inquiry into the Conduct of Major General Stewart, Major General Cornwallis, and the Earl of Effingham; together with a Copy of the Report of the General Officers, who composed the said Board.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Papers Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his ^dralraf Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Di-Byng. Te#ions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter, dated the 4th Day of June last, from Mr. Fox, One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord H igh Admiral of Great Britain, relating to the Orders given to Sir Edward Hawke to repair to the Mediterranean, and to the Recall of Admiral Byng; and also, a Copy of a Letter, dated the 27th Day of June, from Mr. Fox, One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, to the 'Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, signifying his Majesty’s Pleasure, that Admiral Byng should be immediately put Under Arrest.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the Ditto. Office of Lord High Admiral of Britain do lay be-

fore this House, an Account of the Number of Guns, Weight of Metal, and NumDer of Men on board the Fortune, on the 20th of May last, under the Command of Admiral Byng.

Ditto. Mr. Hunter, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to his Majesty, N° 1. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Buckle, of his Majesty’s Ship Unicom, to Mr. Cicvland, dated in Genoa Mole, the 9th May 1/55:

2. Copy of Intelligence from Captain of his Majesty’s Sloop Otter, to Mr. dated at Sea, 20th

May 1 75 c:

3. Copy of a Letter from Captain Edwards, of his Majesty’s Sloop Dispatch, to Mr. Clevland, dated oft' Falmouth the 2 <d Day of May 1755:

4. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Scrope, of his Majesty’s Ship Dolphin, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Villa Franca, 30th May 175$:

5. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Edegcumbe to Mr. Clevland, dated on board the Deptford at Mahon, the 7 th August 1755:

6. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Edgecumbe to Mr.

Clevland, dated on board the Deptford in Gibraltar Bay, the 31st August 1755:

7. Extract ot Advices to Mr. Cleveland, dated at

feilles, the lftof September 1754:

8. Extra# of a Letter from Captain of the

Phoenix, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Genoa, the 3d of September 1755:

9. Copy of a Letter from Lord Harry Powlett, Commander of the Barpeur, to Mr. dated at head, the 8th of September 1755:

10. Extractsofa Letter from Captain ,of the

Phoenix, to Mr. Clevland, dated oft Franca, the 9th

September 1755:

11. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Scrope, of his Majesty’s Ship Dolphin, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Vine Franc he, the 15 th September 175;:

12. Extra# of a Letter from Mr. Consul Dick to Mr. Clevland, dated at Leghorn, 19th September 1755; inclosing,

A Lift of Ships of War fitting out at Toulon:

13. Extra# of a Letter from Captain of the

Dolphin, to Mr. Clevland, dated at ie, the 22.1

September 1755, marked A; inclosing,

The State and Condition of the French Equipments on foot at Toulon:

14. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Scrope, of the Dolphin, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Franc he, the 2 id Day of September 1755, marked B; inclosing,

A Lift of Vessels which they have orders to keep ready at Toulon, during all the Month of September:

15. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Scrope, of the Dolphin, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Villa Franca, the 29th

Day of September 1755; inclosing.

Copy of Intelligence to Captain Scrope, dated at feilles, the 20th September 1757:

A general Lift of Ships at Toulon 1755:

16. Extra# of Ad vices to M r. Clevland, dated at Mar-feilles, the 15th October 1755:

17. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Edgecumbe, of the Deptford, to Mr. Clevland, dated in Gibraltar Bay, the 15 Hi October 1755:

18. Extra# of a Letter from Vice Admiral Smith to Mr.

Clevland, d ited on board the Falmouth in the Downs, the 20th October 1755; inclosing,

An Extra# of a Letter from Captain Vincent, of the Greyhound, to Vice Admiral Smith, dated in Graveling Pitts, the 19th October 1755:

19. Extra# of Advices to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 21st of October 1755:

20. Extra# of a Letter from Vice Admiral Smith to Mr. Clevland, dated in the Downs, the 23d October 1755; inclosing,

An Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant Crispo, of the Bird-in- Hand Cutter, to Vice Admiral Smith, dated off Boulogne, the 22d October 1755:

21. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Consul Dick to Mr. Clevland, dated at Leghorn, the 27th Day of October

*7 Sail. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Scrope, of the

Dolphin, to Mr.\CIevland, dated at Villa Franca, the 27th

ot October 1755; inclosing,

A State of the maritime Force of Frame in the Mediterranean, in Condition for Service:

23. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral eft to Mr. Clevland, dated in Hamoze, 31 October 1755; inclosing,

Observations made by Lieutenant John Brooks, of the Bland ford, during his Detention in France:

24. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Edgecumbe, of

the Deptford, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Franca, the

17th of November 1755; inclosing,

A State and Condition of the French marine Forces in the Mediterranean:

25. Extractofa Letter from Captain Edgecumbe, of the

Deptford, to Mr. Clevland, dated at the

21st November 1755:

26. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Edgecumbe, of the Deptford, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Leghorn, 28th November 1755:

27. Extra# of a Letter from Vice Admiral Smith to Mr. Clevland, dated on board the Oxford, in the Dozens, the 30th November 1755:

28. Extra# of Advices to Mr. Clevland, dated at feilles, the 24th December 1755:

29. Copy

30 Gfio. II.

20. Copy of a Letier from Vice Admiral to

Mr. Clevland, dated at Porfmouth, 6th 1736:

-o. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Conl'ul to

?»I~. Clevland, dated at Genoa, 17th January 1756:

31 Copy Etat aitue! des Armemens qui le le font dans les Ports de France, le 20th January t 756:

32. Extrail of a Letter from Captain of the

I.'.me, to Mr. Clevland, dated in Plymouth Sound, 3d Day

ot February 1736; inclosing,

A Copy of Intelligence from Cocbl>ante, in the

HunterCutter, to Captain Vernon, dated the ill of February 1756:

33. Extract of Advices to Mr. dated at Mar-

Jellies, the 6th February 1756:

34. Extrait of a Letter from Captain Hervey, of the Phoenix, to Mr. CUviand, dated at Mahon, the 7th of February 1736:

33. Extrail of Advices to Mr. Clevland, dated at Mar-feil'es, 13th February 1756:

36. Extrail of a Letter from Mr. Consul to

Mr. Clevland, dated at Genoa, 14th February 1736:

37. Ext raid of a Letter from Captain of

the Deptford, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Leghorn, the 6th ot February 1736:

38. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul to Mr. Clevland, dated at Leghorn, 16th February 1736:

30. Ext rail of a Letter from Mr. Consul Dick to Mr. Clevland, dated 2Cth February 1756:

40. Extrail of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Clevland, dated the 2 iff February 1756:

41. Extract of a Letter from Captain Broderick, of the Fa mpton Court, to Mr. Clevland, dated at the 24th February 1756:

42. Extrait of a Letter from Captain If hit well, of the Roebuck, to Mr. Clevland, dated off Havre, the 24th February 1736:

43. Intelligence from the Mailer of a Vessel belonging to Rotterdam — Received 23 February 1756:

44. Copy of a Letter from Captain Eagccumbe, of the Deptford, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Leghorn, the 27th February 1756*-

45. Ext raft of Advices to Mr. Clevland, dated at Mar-Jeilles, the 3d of March 1756:

46. Extract of a Letter from Captain of

the Deptford, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Leghorn, the 5 Alar eh 1736:

47. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. CUviand, dated the 6th March 1756:

48. Extract of a Letter from Captain to

Mr. Clevland, dated at Leghorn, 7 March 1 736':

49. Copy ot a Letter from Captain Thomas,

of the Ludlow Castle, to Mr. Clevland, dated the 7th FI arch 1736:

0. Extract of a Letter to Mr. CUviand, dated at London, 8th Alarch 1756; inclosing.

An Abllraft of a Letter from Marfeildated 25 February 1736:

51. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul to Mr. Clevland, dated the 8th March 1756:

52. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Clevland, dated the 13th March 1756:

53. Extract of a Letter from Captain Vernon, of the Lyme, to Mr. Clevland, dated 13 Alarch 1756} inclosing,

A Copy of Intelligence from Mr. Joseph Mailer of the Hunter Cutter:

34. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Dick to Mr. Clevland, dated 15th Alarch 1756:.

35. Copy of Advices to Mr. dated at Mar-

fcillcs, 17th Alarch 1756:

56. Etat et Dispohtion dc la Marine de France, 21 Mars 1736:

37. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Consul to Mr. Clevland, dated 22 March 1756:

58 Extract of a Letter from Captain Edgecumbe, of the Deptford, to Mr. Clevland, dated 24 Alarch 1736: Vol. 27.

863

59. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to

Papers

Mr. Clevland, dated 27 March 1756: refrerVing

60. Extract of Intelligence sent to Mr. Clevland the Admiral

Beginning of April 1756: 'n®'

61. Extract of a Letter from Captain Scrope, of the Dolphin, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Gibraltar, the 8 th April 1736:

62. Extract of a Letter from Captain Edgecumbe, of the Deptford, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Alahon, the 12th of April 1756:

63. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Dick to Mr. Clevland, dated the T2:h of April 1736:

64. Extract of a Letter from Captain Edgecumbe, of the Deptford, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Mahon, the 12th of April 1756:

65. Extract of a Letter fr«in the Collector and Com* ptroller of the Customs at Wells ro the Commissioners of

the Cudoms, dated the 14th April 1756:

66. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Clevland, dated 15th of April 1756:

67. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to

Mr. CUviand, dated the 17th Apr 1736:

68. Ext raft of a Letter from Captain Hervey, of the Phoenix, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Villa Franca, 17 1756:

69. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Clevland, dated 19th April 1756:

70. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Clevland, dated 21st April 1756:

71. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul to Mr.

Clevland, dated 23d Day of April 1736:

72. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Clevland, dated the 24th Day of 1756:

73. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Clevland, dated the 28th Day of April 1736:

74. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul to

Mr. Clevland, dated the 5th Day of 1736:

73. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Conl’ul Birtles to Mr. CUviand, dated the 8th Day of May 1736:

76. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Clevland, dated the 13th Day of May 1736:

77. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Bcfcawen to Mr. Clevland, dated at Sea, the 16th of May 1756:

78. Extract of Advices to Mr. Clevland, dated at Campveer, the 23d Day of May 1736:

79. Extract ot a Letter from Mr. Conlul Birtles to

Mr. Clevland, dated 29th of May 1736:

So. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Bofcawen to Mr. Clevland, dated at Sea, the 2d 1756; inclosing,

A Copy of the Declaration of Mr. Joseph Cockburne,

Matter of the Hunter Cutter, with respect to the naval Preparations at Brest:

81. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral to

Mr. Clevland, dated the 7th June 1736; inclosing, A Letter from Sir John Mylne, Commanding Officer at Guernsey, dated the 3th June 1736:

82. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Clevland, dated the 12th Day of 1756:

S3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Conlul Birtles to Mr. Clevland, dated the 19th Day of June 1756:

84. Extract of a Letter from Captain Hughes, of the Deal Castle, to Mr. Clevland, dated in the

19th June 1756:

83. Intelligence transmitted to Mr. Clevland from Alderney, the 26th June 1736:

86. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Clevland, dated the 26th June 1756:

87. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Consul Birtles to Mr. Clevland, dated the IO July 1756:

88. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Alackenzie to Mr. Shelvocke, dated the 28th Day of July 1756:

89. Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Smith to

Mr. Clevland, dated the 3th August 1756; inclosing,

' Extract of a Letter to Vice Admiral Smith, dated at

Ojlend, the 31st July 1736: And a!(b,

N# 1.

2 2° Martii.

Papers

relating

Admiral

Bing.

804

22* Marlii.

A- 1757'

ft* 1. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Dure//, of his Majesty’s Ship the Rami/lies, dated the 6th 1755:

2. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Byron, of the Vanguard, Captain

Hnrland, of the EJf-x, Captain Baylor, of the Sloop,

dated the 6th August 1755:

3. Copy uflnftru<fti<~>ns from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to 'Thomas Frankland Esquire, to proceed to the Leezvard ljlands, and command in Chief there, dated

the 6th August 1755:

4. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Sir Edward Hawke, dated the 6th

*755

5. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Brett, of the Falmouth, Captain

Milbank, of the Romney, Captain Vincent, of the Greyhound, Captain Brown, of the Centaur, Captain Hollwall, of the Gibraltar, dated the 6th 1755;

6. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the . Admiralty to Vice Admiral Smith, dated the 12th

gusti7$5:

7. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Lever, of his Majesty’s Sloop

Wasp, dated the 19th August 1755:

8. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Razvling, of his Majesty’s Ship the Seaford, dated the 20th August 1755:

9. Copy of ?n Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Smith, dated the 20 August

*755:

10. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to the right honourable Lord dated the 29 August 17S3 5

11. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Whit well, of his Majesty’s Ship Roebuck, dated the 16th August 1755:

1 a. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Gayton, of the and Cap-

tain Gilchrist, of the Experiment, dated the 27th August

*755:

13. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Craven, of his Majesty’s Ship

Princess Mary, dated the 27th August 1755:

14. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Vernon, the Lyme, dated the 27th August 1755:

15. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Vernon, of the Lyme, dated the 27 th August 17 ss '

16. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Douglas, of the Bedford, dated the 27th August 1755:

17. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Razvling, of the dated 27th

August 1755:

18. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Irmis, of the Sloop Otter, dated the 27th August 1755:

19. Copy of an Order and Instructions from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Scott, of the

ber, dated the 2d September 1755:

20. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Legge, of the Sloop Swift, dated 3d September 1755:

*1. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Duff, of the dated the

4th S, :ptember 1755:

22. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Wheeler, of his Majesty’s Ship Ifts, dated the 4th September 1755:

23. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Darby, of the Seakorfe, dated the 19th September 1755:

24. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Broderick, of the Hampton Court, dated the 19th September 1755:

25. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Pettigrew, of the Queenborough, dated the 23d September 1755:

26. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain 0‘Brien, of the Sloop Peggy, dated the 4th September 1753:

27. Copy of an Orel -r from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Byron, of the Vanguard, C aptain Hollwall, of the Gibraltar, Captain Duff, of the Rochester, Captain Broderick, of the Hampton Court, Captain

Porter, of the Prince Frederick, Captain the

Windsor, Cap.ain Gardiner, of the Captain

Parry, of the Kingston, Captam Graves, of the ness. Captain Ogle, of the Swan, Captain Pi got, of the lork. Captain Harrison,"f the Monmouth, Captain

lifer, of the Eagle, Captain St event, of the Oford, Cap-'tain Lotkhart, of the Savage, Captain of the

Colchester, and Captain Dwell, of the Trident, to put themselves under the Command of Vice Admiral dated the 26th September >755:

28. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Trelawney, of his Majesty’s Sloop the Peregrine, dated the 2d 1755:

29. Copy of an Order from the C immissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Drake, of the dated

the 7th October 1735:

30. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Darby, of the Scahorse, dated the 7th October 1755:

31. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Cornwall, of the Revenge, dated the 8th October 1755:

32. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Milbank, of the Romney, dated the 14th October 1755:

33. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Roys, of the Royal Sovereign, and Captain Collins, of the Princess Royal, dated the 20

October 1755:

34. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral West, dated the 28th October

*755

35. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Gayton, of the dated the

28th October 1755s

36. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to the honourable Captain Hamilton, of the Lancaster, and Captain Montague, of the Elizabeth, dated the 29th October 1755:

37. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Watkins, of his Majesty’s Ship Bland ford, dated the 29th October 1755:

38. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Ogle, of the Sloop Swan, dated the 31 ft October 17 5 5:

39. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Saumercz, of the Medway, dated the November 1755:

40. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Rowley, of the Ambuscade, dated the 4th November 1755:

41. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Campbell, of the Sloop Porcupine, dated the 4th November *755:

42. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Brett, of the Falmouth, dated the 6th November 1755:

43. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Parker, of the Woolwich, dated the 8th November 1755:

44. Copy of an Orderfrom the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Vincent, of the Greyhound, dated the 8th November 1755

45. Copy of an Order rrom the C ommissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Watkins, of the Bland ford, dated the 9th November 1755:

46. Copy

jo Geo. II.

46. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Saumarxof the dated

the nth November 1755:

47. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Sayer, of his Majesty’s Ship fau, dated the nth November 1755:

48. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Vice Admiral dated the 15th No-

vember 1755:

49. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Gayton, of the dated the

15 th November 17551

50. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Vice Admiral dated the 15th No-

vember 1755:

ji. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Lockhaof the Sloop Savage, dated the 18th November 1755:

52. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Gumming, of the Sloop dated the 19th November 1755:

53. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Galbraith, of the dated

the aoth November 1755:

54. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Rowley, of the Ambuscade, and Captain Shackerley, of the Macclesfield armed Vessel, dated the 21 ft November 1755:

55. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Broderick, of the Hampton Court, dated the 1st December 1755:

56. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Sayer, of his Majesty’s Ship fiau, dated the 3d December 1755:

57. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Fowke, of his Majesty’s Ship Tilbury, dated the 3d December 1755:

58. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Hollwall, of the Gibraltar, dated the 12th December 1755:

59. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Vernonof the dated the

13th December 1755:

60. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Buckle, of the Unicorn, dated the 13th December 1755:

61. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Gayton, of the Antelope, dated the aoth December 1755:

бa. Copy of Instructions from the Commissioners of

the Admiralty to Admiral for commanding

his Majesty’s Ships at Jamaica, dated the 5th January 1756:

63. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Osborn, dated the 12th January 1756:

64. Copy of additional Instructions from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Townshend, dated the 15th January 1756:

65. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Parker, of his Majesty’s Ship

Woolwich, dated the aid January 1756:

бб. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Hollwall, of the Gibraltar, dated the 26th January 1756:

67. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Osborn, dated the 29th January 1756:

68. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Duff, of the Rochester, and Captain Razvling, of the Seajord, dated the 7 th February

1756:

69. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Osborn, dated the 17th February 1756:

70. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Voi. 27.

805

Admiralty to Captain Hall, of the Winchejea, dated the 2 ift February 1756:

71. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Hall, of the Winchejea, dated the aiftof February 1756:

72. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Parker, of the Squirrel, dated the 21 ft February 1756:

73. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Osborn, dated the 24th February 1756:

74. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Mofiyn, dated the 24th February 1756:

75. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Norbury, of the dated

the 27th February 1756:

76. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Vernon, of the Lyme, dated the 27 th February 1756;

77. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to the honourable Sir Edward Hawke, dated the 27th February 17 56:

78. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Brett, of the Chichester, dated the 8th of March 1756:

79. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Sir Edward Hawke, dated the 8th March 1756:

80. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral R dated the 8th March

1756:

81. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Mofiyn, dated the 8th March

»756:

82. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Palliser, of the Eagle, dated the 8th March 1756:

83. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Gayton, of the Antelope, dated the 8th March 1756:

84. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Gardiner, of his Majesty’s Ship Ra-

millies, Captain Ward, of the Culloden, Captain

of the Buckingham, Captain of the Captain,

Captain Cornwall, of the Revenge, Captain Durell, of the Trident, Captain Amherfi, of the Captain

Toting, of the Intrepid, Captain Parry, of the Kingston, and Captain Andrews, of the Defiance, dated the 8 th March 1756:

85. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Weller, of the Affifiance, dated the 9th of March 1756:

86. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Byng, dated the nth March «756:

87. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Rear Admiral and to the under-mentioned Captains, to put themselves under the Command of Vice Admiral Byng-, viz. Captain of the

Ramillies, Captain Ward, of the Culloden, Captain Event t, of the Buckingham, Captain Catford, of the Captain, Captain Toung, of the Intrepid, Captain Cornwall, of the Revenge, Captain Durell, of the Trident, Captain Am-herjl of the Lancaster, Captain Parry, of the Kingston, and Captain Andrews, of the Defiance, dated the 11 th March 1756:

88. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Parker, of the Squirrel, dated the nth March 1756:

89. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Lcfiie, of his Majesty’s Ship Bristol,

and Captain M/«,of theAnjou, date tie 111 h March 1756:

90. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Hughes, of the Ca/lle, dated the 11 th March 1756:

9 T 01 Copy

ii° Ma.

8o6 22° Martiu A. 1757.

Papers gi. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the rejecting Admiralty to Captain Pettigrew, of the ByDg? dated the roth March 1756:

92. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Goof the Saint dated

the 17th Mareli 1756:

93. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Corof the Stirling dated

the 17th Alarch 1756:

94. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Gayton, of the dated the

18th March 1756:

95. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Pall of the Eagle, dated 8th March, 1756:

96. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Brett, of the Falmouth, dated the 18 th March, 1756:

97. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Galbraith, of the Unicorn, dated the 19th March, 1756:

98. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Holmes, of the Grafton, dated the 19th March 1756:

99. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Pettigrew, of the Queenborough, dated the 20th March 1756:

j 00. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Duff, of the RocheJIer, dated the 20th March 1756:

! 01. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Keppell, of the Torbay, dated the 23d March 1756: ‘

102. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Hood, of the Sloop Merlin, dated the 23d March, 1756:

103. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Lockhart, of the Tartar, dated the 13d March 1756:

104. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Marshall, of the Nottingham, dated the 24th March >756:

105. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Rear Admiral Holbv.rne, dated the iff April 1756:

106. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Hollivall, of the Gibraltar, dated the 5th April 1736:

107. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commander of any Ship or Vessel of his Majesty’s, that may be at Lifhon, bound as Convoy to England, dated the 6th April 1756:

108. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty toCaptain Slacker ley, of the Macclesfield armed Vessel, dated the 6th April 1756:

109. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Weller, of his Majesty’s Ship

ffiance, dated the 9th April 1756:

110. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Legge, of the Sloop Hunter, dated the 10th April 1756:

hi. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Norris, of the Yarmouth, Captain Douglass, of the Bedford, Captain Montagu, of the

zabeth, Captain Colby of the Invincible, Sir P. Brett, of the Cambridge, Captain O'Brien, of the Colchester, Captain Porter, of the Prince Frederick, dated the 1 qth April 1756:

112. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty toCaptain Rowley, of the Harwich, dated the 14th April 1756:

113. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty toCaptain Maof the Anson, dated the 14th

April 17 56: r

114. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Lejiie, of his Majesty’s Ship Bristol, dated the 14th 17 56:

115. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Rowley, of the dated the

16th April 1756:

116. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Taylor of the Monaraue, dated the 16th April 1756:

117. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Norris, of the Yarmouth, Captain Colby, of the Invincible, Sir P. Brett, of the Cambridge Captain Douglass of the Bedford, Captain O'Brien, of the

Colchester, Captain Porter, of the Prince Frederick, Captain Milbank, of the Romney, Captain Montagu, of the Elizabeth, Captain Gordon, of the St. Albans, dated the 20th April 1756:

118. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Saumerez, of the Ludlow Cafte, dated the 20th April 1756:

119. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Gordon, of the St.Albans, dated the 22d April 1756:

1zo. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Buckle, of the Swiftfure, dated the 22d April 1756:

121. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Bofcawen, dated the 22d

April \75 6:

122. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Norton, of the Sloop Cruizer, dated the 23d April 1756:

123. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the

Admiralty to Captain Sayer, of the Najan, dated the 27th April 1756:

124! Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Edwards, of the Gosport, dated the 27th April 1756:

' 125. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Falkingham of his Majesty’s Ship Sutherland, dated the 28th April 1756:

126. Copy of an Order and Instructions from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Darby,

horse, dated the 28th April 1756:

127. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Whitwell, of the Roebuck, dated the 30th April 1756:

12S. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Sir William Burnaby, Captain of the Jersey, dated the 30th April 1756:

129. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Knight, of the Surprize, dated the 30th April 1756:

130. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Preston, of his Majesty’s Ship Wager, dated the 30th April 1756: And also,

N° 1. The State and Condition of his Majesty’s Ships, t£c. at the Time of the Departure of Admiral:

2. The State and Condition of hi.s Majesty’s Ships, &c. in the Month of August 1755:

3. - - - Ditto -

4. - - - - Ditto - October:

c. - - - Ditto - November:

6. - - - Ditto - December:

7. - - -’ - - Ditto - January, 1756:

8. - - - Ditto - February:

9. - - - Ditto - March:

10. - - - Ditto - April: And also,

N° 1. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Byng, dated 11 th March 1736:

2. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Byng, dated 20th March 1756; inclosing,

A Li if of Officers ordered to their Posts at Minorca and Gibraltar:

3. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Byng, dated zid March 1756; inclosing,

A Lift

30 G E0. ii. 22° Martii.

A Lift of the Officers and private Men ordered by his Majesty to their Posts at; and

A Lift of the Officers and private Men ordered by his Majesty 10 their Posts at Gibraltar:

4. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Byng, dated 23d March 1756:

5. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral-Byngy dated 25th March 1756:

6. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Byng, dated 25th March 1756:

7. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Byng, dated 27th March 1756:

8. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Byng, dated 31st March 1756:

9. Copy of the Instructions from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Byng, dated 30th March 1756: .

JO. Copy of the additional Instructions from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Byng, dated the 31st March 1756:

11. Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Byng, dated the 7th June 1756:

12. Copy of a Letter from Mr. to Admiral

Byng, dated 20th March 1756 , inclosing,

A Copy of an Extratft of a Letter trom the Earl of Bristol to Mr. Fox, dated at Turin, 6th March 1756:

13. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Clevland to Admiral Byng, dated 23d March 1756.*

14. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Clevland to Admiral Byng, dated 23d March 1756:

13. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Clevland to Admiral Byng, dated 24th March 1756:

16. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Clevland to Admiral Byng, dated 15th March 1756:

17. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Clevland to Admiral Byng, dated 30th March 1756:

18. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Clevland to Admiral Byng, dated 31st March 1756:

19. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Clevland to Admiral

Byng, dated ill April 1 756:

20. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Clevland to Admiral Byng, dated 2d April 1756:

21. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Clevland to Admiral Byng, dated 8th June 1756; inclosing,

A Copy of the Translation of Monsieur -

niece's Account of the Engagement in the Mediterranean, on the 20th May 1756:

2 2.Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr.

Clevland, dated at Portsnouth, 2ill March 1756:

23. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. Clevland, dated at Spithead, the 22d March 1 756: inclosing,

A Copy of the State of his Majesty’s Ships under his Command, dated 22d March 1756:

24. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. Clevland, dated at Spithead, the 24th March 1736; inclol-

A Copy of the State and Condition of his Majesty’s ' Ships and Vessels under his Command, dated 24th March 1 756:

23. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. Clevland, dated at Spithead, the 23th March 1756; inclosing,

A Copy of a Letter from Mr. Henry Shales to Admiral Byng, dated at Port [mouth, the 24th March 17561

16.Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. Clevland, dated at Sjithead, the 26th March 1756:

27. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to, Mr. Clevland, dated at Spithead, the 27th March 1756:

28. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. Clevland, dated at Spithead, the 28th March 1756; inclosing,

A Copy of the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels at Spitheadand in Harbour, dated the 28th March 1736:

Vol. 27.

29. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Spithead, the 29th March 1756:

30. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to- Mr. Clevland, dated at Spithead, the 30th March, 1756: / ’

31. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to'Mr. Clevland, dated at Spithead, the 31st March 1756 j inclosing,

A Copy of the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessds at Spithead and at P ortfmouth Harbour, dated 31st March 1756:

32. ' Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr; Clevland, dated at Spithead, the ift 1756:

33. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng, to Mr. Clevland, dated at Spithead, the ill 1756:

34. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. Clevland, dated at Spithead, the 3d April 1756:

35. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. Clevland, dated at St. Helens, the 3d April 1756: 1

36. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. Clev-

land, dated at St. Helens, the 4th April 1756:

37. ' Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. Clevland, dated at St. Helens, the 5th April 1756:

38. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. Clevland, dated at Gibraltar, the 4th 1756; inclosing,

A Copy of the Lift of Ships of War at Toulon, dated 3d September 1753:

A-Copy of Intelligence to General Blakenty, dated at MarJ'eilles, the 24th March 1756:

A Copy of a Letter from the naval Officers at Gibraltar to Admiral Byng, dated 4th May 1756:

A Copy of the Result of a Council of War held by Lieutenant General Foivke at Gibraltar, dated the 4th of May 1756, accompanied with Copies of Three Letters from Lord Barrington to Lieutenant General Foivke, dated 21 ft and 28 th March, and 1 ft of April, 1756:

Copy of an Order from the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Byng, dated 31st March 1756: Copy of the Opinion of the Engineer in regard to throwing Succours into the Castle'of dated 3d May 1756:

Copy of Captain Neel's Account to Captain dated 18th April 1756: 1

Copy of Mr. Boyd's Account to Captain Edgcumbe, dated 18 th April 1756:

39. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. land, dated at Gibraltar, the 7th May 1756; inclosing, John Bowie's and James Lambert's Report of the French

Fleet.

40. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. 'Clevland, dated the 7th May 1756; inclosing,

A Copy of a Letter from Mr. Consul Aijkell to Admiral Byng, dated at Malaga, the 6rh 1756,-: A Copy of a Letter from Mr. Consul Aijkell to General Foivke, dated at Malaga, the 6th May 1756:

41. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr.‘Clevland, dated off Minorca, 25th May 1736; inclosing,

A Copy of a Council of War held'on' board his Ma-jey’s Ship Rami/lies, at Sea,' dated' the 24th May *756: /

A Copy of the Defects of his Majesty’s Ship Buckingham, under the Command of Admiral Byng, dated the 24th May:

A Copy of the Dercfts of the Captain, under the Command of Admiral Byng, dated 24th May 1756:

A Copy of the Defects of the Revenge, under the Command-of Admiral dated 24th May 1756:

A Copy of the Defeats of the ,under the Command of Admiral Byng, dated the 24th May 1756: A Copy of the Defects of the under

the Command of Admiral Byng, dated 24th

r756:

A Copy of the Defeats of his Majesty’s Ship Defiance,

under the Command of Admiral Byng, dated 24th

May 1756:

A Copy of the Defe<fts of the Ldhcdjler, under the Command of Admiral Byng, dated 24th May 1 750:

A Copy

Papers

rtfptrAing . Admiral

*y»s-

Papers

resprtfing

Admini

Syng.

808

22° Mar Hi.

A 1756.

A Copy of the Dcfc&s of the Portland, under the Command of Admiral Byng, dated 24th A/ay 1756: 45. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byngto Mr, Clev-iand ,dated at Gibraltar, 43d June 17561 inclosing,

A Copy of a Report of a Survey on all the Damages the Captain received in the late Action with the French Squadron, off Cape Mold, the 20th May

>756:

A Copy of a Report of a Survey on all the Damages the intrepid received in the late Arftion with the French Squadron off Cape Mv/a, the 20th May 1756, dated the 21st June 1756:

A Copy of a Report of a Survey on all the Damages the Defiance received in the late Action with the French Squadron, the 20th May 1756* dated the lift June 1756:

A Copy of a Report of a Survey on all the Damages the Portland received in the late Action with the French Squadron off Cape the Seth May 1756,

dated 40th of June 1756:

A Copy of a Report of a Survey on all the Damages

*3*

44.

25,

26.

M-28.' 49. 30.

3*«

3*.

33

Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto -Ditto - Ditto - Ditto -

> Ditto

- Ditto * Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

- Ditto

Ditto - - Ditto -

Ditto - - Ditto -

Ditto * - Ditto -

Ditto * - Ditto -

23d February: 28 th Febr

I jth March: March: March: March: March: March March 3d April:

6th April:

13th 40 th 24th 29th 30th

3»ft

ihc

Together with Schedules of all the said Papers.

Admiiftl’

By»g.

Mr, Hunter also, from the Commissioners for executing Papers the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre- respecting fented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to his Majesty,

A Lift of all his Majesty’s Ships of War, or Squadrons of such Ships of War, as were equipped and made ready for the Sea, from the ift Day of 1755, to the 30th

Day of 1756: And also,

.. , ... . , An Account of what Men were taken from other Ships,

the Buckingham received in the late Ad.on with the tomake up the Complements of the Ships under the Cora-French Squadron off' Caps Mela, the 40th May mand of Admiral And also.

An Account of the Number of Men discharged from the Ships under the Command of Admiral Byng, after his Appointment to the Command, and previous to his fail- ing, with the Reason for their Discharge, and by what Order.

I'll*

1756, dated the 22d June 1756:

A Copy of a Letter from the naval Officers at Gibraltar, representing tire Want of Magazines and Sheds to put Stoics in, dated 44th June 1756:

A Copy of a Letter from Captain Cornwall, of the Revenge, to Admiral Byng, dated at , till

June 1756:

Mr. Hunter also, from the Commissioners for exe-A Copy of the State and Condition of his Majesty’s cuting the office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Ships and Vessels under the Command of Admiral presented to the House pursuant to their Order,

Ditto.

Byng, dated the 23d June 1756:

43. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. Clev-land, dated at Gibraltar, the ift July 1756: inclosing,

A Copy of the Proceedings of a Court Martial upon Captain Cornwall of the Revenge, dated Gibraltar, a8th June 1756:

44. Copy of a Letter from Admiral Byng to Mr. Clev-land, dated at Gibraltar, the 4th July 1756: And also,

N° 1. The present Disposal of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in Sea Pay, on the ift of 1755:

2. The present Disposal of his Majesty’s Ships and Vessels in Sea Pay on the ift of November 1755:

3. The present Disposal of his Majesty’s Ships and

Vessels in Sea Pay, on the ift of 1755:

an

Account of the additional Stores supplied the Ships under the Command of Admiral Byng, at , previous

to his failing; with the Value thereof.

And the said Schedules, and also the Titles of the said Lift and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers, Lift, and Accounts, do Jie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers, Lift, and Accounts, are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament

Rochf"tr

Writ.

4. The present Disposal of his Majesty’s Ships and for the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, in the

Vessels in Sea Pay, on the ift of January 1756: room of the honourable John Byng, Esquire, deceased.

5. The present Disposal of his Majesty’s Ships and

Vessels in Sea Pay, on the ift of February 1756: Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month,

6. The present Disposal of his Majesty’s Ships and the 19th Day of April next, resolveitself into a Committee

Vessels in Sea Pay on the ift of March 1756: of the whole House to consider of the several Papers this

7. The present Disposal of his Majesty’s Ships and Day presented to the House, from the Commissioners for

State of Minorca.

V

1m

Vessels in Sea Pay, on the ift of April 1756: And also.

N° 1. Copy of an Order for Convoy, dated 7 th Oc7o-

*755:. 4. Ditto - - Ditto - - 15 0Sober:

3. Ditto - - Ditto - - 15 October:

4. Ditto - - Ditto - - 28 0Sober:

5. Ditto - - Ditto - - 29 October:

6. Ditto - - Ditto - - 4 November:

7. Ditto - - Ditto - - 4 November:

8. Ditto - - Ditto - - 6 November:

9. Ditto - - Ditto - - 19 November:

10. Ditto - - Ditto - - 29 November:

11. Ditto - - Ditto - - 3 December:

12. Ditto - - Ditto - - 24 December:

13. Ditto - - Ditto - - 21 January 17

14. Ditto - - Ditto - - 5 January:

15. Ditto - - Ditto - - 9 January:

16. Ditto - - Ditto - - 2i January:

17. Ditto - - Ditto - - 24 January:

18. Ditto - - Ditto r 17 February:

19 Ditto - Ditto - - 17 February:

20. Ditto - - Ditto - - 17 February:

21. Ditto - - Ditto - - 19 February:

42. Ditto - Ditto -: 21 February:

executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, and also the several Papers which were Yesterday presented to the House from the Offices of his Majesty’s Two principal Secretaries of State, and also of the ievc-ral Papers which, upon Friday the 4th Instant, were presented to the House from the Office of his Majesty’s Secretary at War; and also of the Account of the Quantity of military Stores in the Garrison of St. , in the

llland of Minorca, on the ift Day of January 1756 (no State thereof having been received since that time) which was presented to the House upon Tuesday the 8th Day of this Instant March; and also the Paper containing an Account where Lord Robert Bertie's Regiment was quartered when it was ordered to march for Portsmouth, when it January 1756' came there, and what Regiment or Regiments were then in Quarters at that Place or in the Neighbourhood thereof i all Orders sent to the said Regiment, relative to its Embarkation on Board the Fleet commanded by Admiral Byng; the Returns of the said Regiment at the time of its Embarkation, and for a Month previous thereto; as also Copies of the Secretary at War’s Orders to General Fov.’ke, relating to the putting on board Admiral Byng's Squadron a Battalion from the Garrison of and the Date ef tire Receipt of those Orders which was pre-

lented

t

t^-

Call of the House.

Imitation of Iroo.

Morton

Inclosure.

Improvement of Charine Cross.

Answrer to A <hi re Is for Papers.

Lough-

borough

Road.

30 Geo. II. 22° — 23' Marti}. 809

fented to the House upon Monday the 14th Day of this instant March.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Tuesday the 8th Day of this instant , for the House to be called over upon this Day Sevennight, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Older be dilchurged.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon this Day Month, the 19th Day of Apri next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be lent forin Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House refoived iilelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to confitier further of the Petition of the Matter, W irdens, Assistant-, and Commonalty, of the Society of M erchnnts Adventurers within the City of Bristol under their Common Seal j and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this H^ife will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve iiself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Aflittants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Briftof under their Common Sea!; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, and have not yet been examined before the said Committee, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning, except Mr. Samp-Jon Lloyd junior.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 30 Martii;

Anno 30° Georgii lldl Regis, 1757. Prayers.

SI R Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Older, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields lying within the Parish or Township of Morton, otherwise Morion Morrell, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the Fit ft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge crols the River ‘Thames, from the City of Wto the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was referred.

The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Papers therein mentioned might belaid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Sir Richard Warwick Bam reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading horn Burleigh Vol. 27.

Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout;and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A MetTage from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Ho If or d:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the’ Bill, intituled, An Act

for repairing and widening the Road leading from -field Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charley otherwise Charmvood Forest, through the Town of Whit-wick, and from thence through Talbot Lane to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby dela Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Riley Lane, near a Place called Sttape Gate, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Webb reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, Inhabitants of the Parishes of Dunsfold, Bramley, and other Places, in the County of

Surrey, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’sTdble: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Metiers said, That the Lane called Pains Hill Lane, leading out of the Road between Guldeford and Alford Bars, at a Place called Smith Brook, in the 1’arish of Bramley, to a Place called in

the Parish of Dunsfold, in the County of Surrey, is in Extent about One Mile and a Quarter and Forty Rous, and is in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through Guldeford, to Alford Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary s Gate in Arunde/l,in the County of is committed.

That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing the Road leading through the Lane called Pains Hill, from a Place called Brook, in the Parish of Bramley, to a Place called Andrew's , in the Parish

of Dunsfold, in the County of Surrey.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for discharging John Lord Trevor, Executor of Thomas Lord Trevor, deceased, from the Sum of Eight thousand and E*ght hundred Pounds agreed by the said Thomas Lord Trevor to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands; and for confirming the Application made by the said John Lord

Trevor, of the said Eight thousand and Eight hundred Pounds towards the Discharge of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds charged on the Manor of Bromham, and other the Estates late of the said Thomas Lord Trevor, in the County of Bedford: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl’engers withdrew.

9 U And

Mirkfield

Road.

Pains Hill Lane Road.

Lord T rtvor'i E Hales.

8x0 23* Martii. A. 1757.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

S.mthuolA Mr. Affleck presented to the House, according to Order,

Haven. a Bill for enlarging the Term, and amending and altering several Powers, granted by an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of,

in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Account The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Officer»'e&c. Majesty’s Command, Estimate of the Charge for Halfpay to the Staff Officers of the late Garrison of,

for the Year 1757.

Tire Lord Barrington also presented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to his Majesty,

A Lift of all the General Officers of his Majesty’s Land Forces: And also.

Lift of the General and Staff Officers employed in his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1757, with the Dates of their present Commissions and First Commissions in the Army, the Pay of each by the Establishments, and where they are at present employed: And also.

Lift of the Officers of the Hospitals for his Majesty’s Land Forces, for the Year 1757, with their Names, and the Pay they respectively receive.

And* the Titles of the said Estimate and Lifts were read.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session: And the said Estimate is as lolloweth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge for Half-pay to the Staff Officers of the late Garrison of Minorca,

for the Year 1757.

Half-pay per Diem.

Lord Viscount Irwin

Commissary General of,) the Stores - - \

Deputy Juclcre Advo- *) cate, aiul Commissary f Thomas Hughes of the Mullers - J Chaplain to the Governor Secretaries to the Go- } vernor -

Captain of the Ports -Proved Martial

Signal Man

John Morgan Charles Lechmere Charles Williams Robei't Frampton -George Hervey John Cajlilo

Lieutenant Governor -Surgeon 2

Mordaunt Cratchrode Francis RuJJ'el

Fort St. Philip.

Total - - £.

Which, for 365 Dayi, amounts to the Sum of One thousand One hundred Ten Pounds Four Shillings and Two Pence - -

£. s. d.

— 3 4

— 2 6

— 26

— 26

---6

— 2 6

3 — 10

For J05 Days. I,iio 4 2

War-Office, 23d March 1757.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Lifts do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Westminster Colonel Haldane reported from the Committee, who Streets. were appointed to consider of, and report to the House, proper Methods for the better paving, enlightening, and cleaning, of the Streets of the City and Liberty of West-miofter, and Precinct of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adioining thereto, That the Committee had considered Part of the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

With respect to what relates to the paving of the said Streets,

By the Evidence of several Persons wdiom the Committee called bdore them, your Committee find. That many Parts of the Pavements of the public Streets within the said City and Liberty, and Precinct of the Savoyf and that Part <,f the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, are at present in a ruinous Condition, occasioned by the said Streets in general being paved in an improper 2 6

Manner, and by the respective Companies who furnish Water to the Inhabitants being permitted to take up the Pavements by their own Paviours, who are not imerested in repaving the same in a proper and effectual manner, and also by the great Number of heavy Carriages which pass over the said Pavements, having their Wheels (hod with Iron; and that if the Pavements of the said Streets were properly regulated, it would be a very great Convenience to the Inhabitants in general, and a!lb a great Advantage to those who keep Carriages.

Your Committee are now proceeding upon the other Matter referred to their Consideration; but thought it necessary in the mean time to inform the House, that the Committee have come to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That most of the public Street?, Squares, Lanes, and Alleys, within the City and Liberty of Wejmmster, and Precinct of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, are paved in an improper Manner, and are at present much out of Repair.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Expences of paving all the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Alleys, and keeping the feme in lie-

pair

Sapper BUI Acuaicics.

Bui Mtans*

fcpply.

Importation (ti it on.

30 Geo. II. 23’ — 24* Martii. 811

pair for the future, a Rate be laid upon Carriages kept and working within the said City and Liberty, and Precinct of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of tafier adjoining thereto.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the (^u eft ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Colonel Haldane, the Lord Strange, Mr. Kynaston, and Mr. do prepare, and bung in, the lame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution, which, upon the 14th Day of this instant March, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House; and who were also instructed to prepare the said Bill pursuant also to the Resolutions, which, upon were reported from the said Committee, and agreed to by the House; That they do prepare and insert, in the said Bill, a Clause directing that the Annuities payable by virtue of the First of the said Resolutions, after the Rate of £. a. per Centum per Annum, for the Term certain Sixty-six Years, from the 5th Day of July 1757, shall be transferrable at the Bank of England without Fee or Reward.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had made aProgrcfi in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City o under their common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee;

A Petition of the une'er-witten Importers of Iron, Ironmongers, and Manufacturers, of the City of London, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That by a Clause in an Act made in the 23d Year of his p re lent Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron, the Petitioners are subjedet! to very great Trouble, Difficulties, and Expence: And therefore praying. That in case a Bill should be brought into the House to allow the Importation of Bar Iron into the Out Ports, lo much of the said Act of the 23d Year of his p re lent Majesty’s Reign, as relates to the fending Bar Iron Coastwise, may be thereby repealed, or that the Petitioners may have fiuch Relief as the House ilia!! think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Voju 27.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Master, Wardens,

Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol,\xadtt their common Seal j and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. John Greenwood do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Price dp attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawkins do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jonathan Buttall junior do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered \That Mr. Kynaston have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Nine of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Report, Appendix, and Drawings, Rye relating to the Harbour of Rye, which were presented to «r.d Dover the House upon the 15th Day of February last, be re- Harbour*, ferred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Harbour of , in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Stfex, to its antient Good neb j is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Jovis, 2 40 die Mar tit;

Anno 30® Georgii II'" Regis, 1757.

Pr AYBRS.

THE Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to Red House whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers near granted byTwo several Acts passed in the 14th Year of his DoncalUr present Majesty, the one for Repairing the Roads from a Road‘ Place called the Red House, near Doncaster, to,

and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dewjbttry Hightovm and Lightcliff to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and the other for repairing the Road from IVakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called Weelan in the Township of Henfall, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, in the

Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York-, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House being informed. That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Durade’i for naturalizing John Dttrade, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The

81 a

24° Ma

Thame*

Fiibery.

The Lord Mayor of London preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the Fry and Spawn of Fish . in the River ot Thames, and Waters of Medway; and for

A. 175

A Meflkgc from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

E3 y (\oi

nc

the better regulating the Fishery thereof: And the same for veiling the Eilate and ImcrdWate ot Cheatham L'4‘lt-‘>ouC:.

Fulford

inclosure.

was received; and read the FirfL time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Manor of ford, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields,

Esquire, deceased, in the Duties granted by certain Acts of Parliament, for maintaining a Light-house on the Edyfone Rock, in Trustees, in Fruft, to raise Money to be applied towards rebuilding the said Light-house, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale ot Part of tire settled Etlates of George the

elder and George Chafin the younger, Ei quires, in the Meadows, and Commons, in the Manor of Fu/ford, in Counties of Dorset and for Payment ot their

Chafin',

Leave

of Absence.

Ditto.

Cow Can fey Roads.

the County of York.

Ordered, That the Lord Doicne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley have Leave to go into the

Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Greatheed have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by

Debt? } and for rendering a Power, in a certa:n Settlement therein mentioned, fur making Jointures, mure effectu.il; and for other Purposes: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meft’engers withdrew.

And the said ingrafted Bill from the Lords was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Mr. from the Tiealury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act ot P ;riia-

an Act passed in the noth Year of the Reign of his pre- ment> a paper> intituled, " Report to the Lords Coni-sent Majesty, for repairing the high Road leading from the n1i(p)0ners Qf his Majesty’s Treasury, by the Commis-North End of the CowCanfey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyney to the Town of Bc/ford, and from thence to

Scotch

forfeited

Llhie*.

Buckton Bum, in the County of and for

making the same more effectual; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dirtfted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, up on the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Firth River An ingrossed Bill for making the River Blyth navigable Navigation. from Halefworth Bridge, in the County of Suffolk, into the Haven of Southzvold, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And chat the Title be, An Act for making the River navigable from

Halesworth Bridge, in the County of Suffolk, into the Haven of Soulhwold.

Ordered, That Nlz.difeckdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

sioners for managing the annexed Estates in Scotland,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the Lid Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the llouie.

The laid Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session. t

Selling of Corn ov

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report, which, upon w<1Sht>SiC Friday the 28 th Day of January last, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing ttys high Price of Corn and Bread for the future.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Majesty’s Command, Estimate the Charges of the Troops of Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain, during their Marches through Germany, both at their coming to England, and their Return home from thence.

Ana the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Estimate; Charges of Hanoverian Troop*.

ESTIMATE of the Charges of the Troops of Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain, during their Marches through Germany, both at their coming to England, and their Return home from thence.

For the Charges of the said Troops, when coming to Great Britain

For their Charges at their Return -

£. s. d.

15>979 i? 9 15>9 7 9 17 9

Total - - \ 31,959 15 6

War-Office, 24th March 1757.

Bat ring!on.

Ordered, That the Lid Estimate do lie upon the Table, Fields, Grounds, and Meadows, in the Manor and Parish to be peruled by the Members of the HouL. of otherwise Bamburgh, in the County of

n,f T,r.r a. 1 it rAnd the same was received; and read the First

B>miburoh Mr. IvhiC/icotpresented to the House, according to time.

Xnclosure. Order, a Bid lor dividing and inclosing the common

19 Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

30 Geo. II 24* Ma813

Let Mr. Cook! preferred to the House, according to Or-Bndj>e. der, a Bill for burbling a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry; and for making, repairing, and widening Roads from thence into the great Roads, at Snarefbrooke, in the County of and at

Clapton, in the county of : And the same was

received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importation Ordered, That Mr. Richard do this Day

o/lron. attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Master, Wardens, A Aidants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of under their common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. William Smith do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Girdler do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Hitchcock do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Roger Hanmer do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Levy Perry do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Ward do attend the said Committee at ttye same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Langton do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Mackey do attend the said

Committee at the same time.

Jeffrey*’ An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A<Tc to enable Mary Jeffreys, the Wife of Jeffrey Jeffreys Esquire,

' a Lunatic, and the Committee or Committees of his Estate, for the Time being, to make Leases of the Parts and Shares of the said Mary Jeffreys, of divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of , deviled by the Will of Sir William Morice, deceased, during the Continuance of the said Lunatic’s Interest therein, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pvfs.

Ordered, That Mr. Olmius do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The Amendments following were severallf proposed to be made to the Bill'; viz.

Pr.z. L. 33. Alter the First " Dtckenfon," to insert " John Marsh ;" and after the Second " to

insert " Dickson

Pr. 3. L. 3> After " Gery," to insert " of Bushmead :"

Pr. 5. L. 37. To leave out " the 14th Day

" of April 1757," and insert " that Day Sevennight " after the passing of this Act

Pr. 45. L. 3J. To leave out " the 14th Day of April " 1757," and insert " that Day Sevennight after the " passing of this Act."

‘ And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through the Town of Shefford, and Catringiou Cotton End, to a Lane opposite a Farm-house called St.

Leonard's, leading into the Turnpike Road from Saint Albans, to the Town of Bedford; and also the Road from the Turning out of the aforesaid Road into to Gerford Bridge; and also the Road from the Town of Hcnlow, over Henlciv Bridge, to Artefey, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. .;

S

A Petition of the Merchants and principal Inhabitants *ocoann«"* of Liverpool was presented to the House, and read; com- S«am«u* plaining of the distressed Circumstances of a great many of the Families of Seamen belonging to the said Town:

And praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and to grant to the Families of the said Seamen such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to PunHbmetrf Tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon of Cheats, the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Cheats; and for the further preventing the Embezzlement of Goods and Apparel by those who are intruded with them; and for preventing Gaming in public Houses;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

?ocklington inclosure.

V

Hitchin

y Bedford Road.

l'

An ingrossed Bill for establishing and rendering effectual Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and common Grounds in Pocklington, in the County of York, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

l*r. 6. L. 2.7. To leave out " accordingly," and to insert " as aforesaid," instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put . thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at ti e Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for efbblishing and rendering effectual Ar- . tides of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and common Grounds in Pocklington, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir John Armilage do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the high Road from the Park Gates of Edward Radcl'fft Esquire, in the Town of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, through the Town of S/ufford, and through

Carrington Cotton End, to aFarm-house called St. Leonard's, at the End of the Town of; ami also the high

Road Irorn the turning out of the aforesaid Road into Henlow F.eld, through the Pavilhes of and

t<’n, and through liitl Lane, , and Hatch, to

Gerford Bridge, in the County of Bedford; was read the Third t i me.

V'OL. 37.

The Order of the Day being read for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of under their common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee;

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury assembled at the Assizes held at the Castle of , for the County of the lame, the 14th Day of March 1757: And also,

A Petition of several of the Merchants of the City of London, trading to the Northern Colonies; and likewise ~ several of the Agents for the said Colonies;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House many Advantages which, the Petitioners allege, will arile from allowing the Importation of Bar Iron from America Duty tree: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for granting Liberty to import the said Bar Iron into Great Britain, u^def such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet. -r<

And the said Petitions werg severally ordered to be referred to the Confide/at^on of the said Committee 0fthewh0leH9jufe.pt,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair-

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker icfumedthe Chair.

9 X Mr.

Importation of Iran.

Ditto.

Ditto.

4 24" — £ 5" Marin. 17 47*

1 . Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That thereby in the Purchascof other Lands and Tenements,

they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them for the Benefit of the said Hospital: To which the Lords referred; and th# he was directed by the Committee to desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

move, That they may have Leave to fit again. The Lords have paised a Bill, intituled, An Act for Biofler'*

Resolved, That this House will, upon WednesdayMorn* vesting certain Tythes and Hereditaments, in the Isle of ing next, rclolye itself into a Committee of the whole Wight, the Estate and Inheritance of 'Thomas Bagster House, to consider further of the Petition of the Master, Esquire, a Lunatic, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging ^Wardens, A (Titian ts, and Commonalty, of the Society of Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purpose’s Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Con-their common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred currence of this House. to the said Committee. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, and who have Ord, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Attaining not yetr been examined before the said Commitcee, do the more effectual Punishment of Persons, who shall atr c<,od!1 hY attend the said Committee upon WednesdayMorning next, tain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money Fiaud»&c*

by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods

Morning, Nine of the Clock. pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Housep

by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices:

1 1 1 And that Mr. George Onslow, the Lord Mayor of London,

Veneris, 2 die Martii; \nd iMr’ Recorder of do *nd brmS in»

i j ? the lame.

Anno 30* Georgii II*" Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

Duke of TV/f R. Fox reported from the Committee, to whom the Richmond’* XVA Bill for varying and postponing certain Limitations in a Grant made by King Charles the Second, of a Duty on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to late

- Duke of Richmond and Lenox , and for enabling the pre-. sent Duke of Richmond, Lenox, and to make a

Jointure on his intended Marriage with Lady was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed . him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Clothieri’ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wag«. to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manu-fastures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Disputes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting a Time for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in cale of Payment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other Manner than in Money; without any Amendment: And also,

Corfliam, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tic. for amending, widening, making commodious, and keep-Roatli. ing in Repair, the Roads from the otherwise

Bricker's Barn, in the Parish of Corfliam, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the county of ;

without any Amendment: And also,

Charter house The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en-. Kftatts. able the Governors of the Hospital of King fames, founded in Charter-house, to lell and convey the Manor of Blacktoft, and d vers Lands and Tenements, in the County of York; a; d for laying out the Money arifii.g *7

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A# Baglter’i for vesting certain Tythes and Hereditaments, in the Isle of Wight, the Estate and Inheritance of Thomas Bagster Esquire, a Lunatic, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purpost^ therein mentioned; was read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. o

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several open and arable LoxW Meadow and Pasture Grounds, in the Parish of inclosure.

in the County of Warwickr, was read a Second time. , T

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles ' Mor daunt. Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lyfler,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mr.

Gsbbon, Mr. Ridley, Sir Richard WarvAck Bampfy/de, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Gore, Mr. York, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Cartivright, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bowes,

Sir John Glynn, Mr. More, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Walter,

Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Herne, Mr.

Lane, Mr. Trijl, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Lockyer, Mr.

ley, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Poole, Mr. WMr.

Hayes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Whichcot, Sic Lynch Cotton, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Mr. Nugent, Sir Ellis Cardiffe, Mr. Mr. Lee,

Mr. Ryder, Sir Matthew Lambc, Mr. Bridgman-, and

all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Worcester, Stafford, Gloucester, and Oxjord: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the (Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping Lomu»nraj!t in Repair, the Road leading Irom Burleigh Bridge, in the E°*d* Town of Loughborough, to AjLby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers CowCtufiy granted by an Act passed in the noth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for repairing the high Roid leading from the North End of the CowCaufey, near the Town of Newcafl/e upon Tyne, to the Town or and from

thence to Buckton Bunt, in the County of Northumberland-, and for making the same more efleftu.nl; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bili; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 21. To leave out " presented," and insert " prescribed.*'

And

V

Strenfall

luciofure.

Leave of Absence,

Rihble

Bridge.

30 Geo. II. 25* 'Mariii. 813

And the said Amendment-was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the B:U was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the loth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high Road leading from the North End of the near the Town

of Ncvjcafl'e upon Tyne, to the Town of and from

thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of Northumberland-, and for making the fime more effectual.

Ordered, That Air. Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of common Ground, in the A! anor of n the County of York-, and f>r gi\ i *g Compensation to the Prehen-

dary of StrenfalpAiorci-id, and his Farmer, and the Vicar

of Strenfall, in lieu ot their rtfx-dive Tythes and eccle-

fiafticol Dues, out of the said Parcel of Ground; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 23. To leave out "Direction," and infect Pivision," instead thereof:

Pr. at. L. 13. After "his," to insert *‘her."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title he. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of common Ground, in the Manor of , in the County of

York-, and forgiving Compensation to the Prebendary of Strenfall aforesaid, and his Farmer, and the Vicar of Strenfall, in lieu of their respective Tythes and ecclesiastical Dues, out of the said Parcel of Ground.

Ordered, That Mr. Cholmley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Murray have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary occasions.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ribble, between the Townships of and Pen-

wortham, near a Place called the Fijli House, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Aliegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-

guards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, m ats the Clerk's.Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Tint the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Fe*4inj by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 4th Year of _ f the Reign of his late Majesty King George, and the other in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shir.fie Id and Heckfield, in the several Counties of Berks,

Wilts, anti Southampton, to Basingfloke, in the County of

Southampton, was read a Second time.

Refu/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dodd,

Mr. Colleton, Mr Sandys, Mr. George Onslow, Mr.

Lord Strange, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ellis,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Willy, Mr. Lifier, Mr.

Hewett, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Webb, Mr. Hayes, Mr. More, Mr. Gyb-bon, General Cornwallis, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir Ellis Cm life, Mr. Bond, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Freeman, Sir John Turner, Mr. Powell, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Symonds, Mr. Wilhinfon, Mr. Bold, Mr. Bolton, Sir

John Cujl, Mr. Digby, Mr. West, Mr. Calvert, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Shelley, Mr. , Mr.

and all the Members who- serve for the Counties of

Berks, Bucks, Southampton, and WAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speak* er’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Thafhwood be added to the Westminster Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Street*, a Bill pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Wednesday last, were reported from the Committee, to whom it was

referred to consider of, and report to the House, proper Methods for the better paving, enlightening, and cfeanf- ing, of the Streets of the City and Liberty of and Precind of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto; and were then agreed to by the House.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Account of Majesty’s Command, Savings in

An Account of the Savings out of the Grants, made of this Session of Parliament, for the Pay of the Troops of Troop*1* Hanover in the Service of Great Britain.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Am ACCOUNT of the Savings out of the Grants, made this Session of Parliament, for the Pay of the Troops

of Hanover in the Service of Great Britain.

Voted for the Pay of Twelve Battalions of Foot, with the Artillery, and Officers £. s. d. of the Hospitals, from the 25th of December 1756, to the 24th of February

1757 ’ - 33>02J 1 6

Four Battalions of which, with a Part of the Artillery, landed in Germany Four Days before the 25th December,1756; the Savings of whose Pay for the above

Time, being 62 Days, is ——

Voted for the Pay of Eight Battalions ot Foot, with the remaining Part of the Train of Artillery, and the Officers of the Hospitals, from the 25th of February 1757, to the 2Sth of March following ----- 9,494 3 9

Which Eight Battalions, the Artillery, and Officers of the Hospitals, landed in Germany the 8th of March-, the Savings of whose Pay, from the said 8th of March to the 26th following, being 19 Days, is.....*

c A d.

13>4°3 *$

6,012 19 S|

Total of Savbgs

if-

19,416 14

War-Office, 25th of March, 1757.

Vol. Vf.

Barrington.

Ordered,

8i6

250 Ma

4. 1757.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander, Mr. Anson, Mr.

Mr. Dickson, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Eger ton. Sir John Gordon, Mr. Hammond, Mr Hanger, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. John Heryey, M r. Jenyns, Mr.

Mr. Robert Jones, Mr. Keck, Mr. Locke, Mr. Kent, Mr.

Edward Martin, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. OJbaldefton, Mr. Page, Lord Parker, Mr. Phillips, Lord Royston, Mr. Powell, Mr. Mr. Prohyn, Sir

Edward Turner, Mr. Solicitor General, Lord Thomond, Mr. Toung, Mr. Chauncey Mr. West, Mr.

' Thift/ethwaite, Mr. White, Lord ltegifter of Scotland, Mr. Starkie, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Baynlun, Lord Galway. Mr. Hewett, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Mr. Affleck, Mr. P. Campbell junior. Lord EuJton, Mr. Sir

Richard Grosvenor, Mr. Duffle, Mr. Mr. Bull,

Lord Malpas, Mr. Ingram, Lord Mr. Spencer,

Lord Carpenter, Mr. Evelyn, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Thyme, the Marquis of Carnarvon, Mr. Boone, Mr.

Mr. Ridley, Sir Ellis Cunliffle, Mr. Walter, be added to , the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town of Godalming, and the Villages of Milford, Witley, Thursby, , and other

Places, in the County of Surrey, is referred.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

lagfhot Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Koada. Order, a Bill for repairing the Roads from Bagshot, in the ' County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hilt, in the County of Hants; and also the Road from Bagshot to a Place called the Golden Farmer: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Recruiting the Lana Forces.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, patted this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines: And that the Lord Barrington and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Papers Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his s fefpeAing Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Direc-Affairs* t,ons> that there be laid before this House, a Copy of an humble Address of the Council of the Wand of Jamaica to his Majesty, of the 23d of October 1756; together with a Copy of the Examinations taken in the said Council, transmitted along with the said Address; and likewise a Copy of an Address of the said Council to the Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica, transmitted at the same time.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Chartet-house ' ' An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. tQ enak]e the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter-house, to (ell and convey the Manor of Blacktoft, and divers Lands and Tenements, in the County of York-, and for laying out the Money arising thereby In the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, for the Benefit of the said Hospital; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

x Papers Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his she'faUio^of Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-ceruto ships. rc(^Ions> that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders and Letters from either of his Majesty’s ' principal Secretaries of State to the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, relative to the Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War to the Mediterranean, from the 1 ft of gust 1755, toilie ill cf 1756.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Mi Forces in the several Counties in that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, relating to the Assembling of the Parliament, upon Occasion of the Militia being ordered to be drawn out and embodied:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was readthe Thi: d time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way of llyder.

The Amendments following were severally propefed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 16. After "Three," to insert "Lifeor:"

L. 18. After "Three," to insert "Life or:"

L. 19. After "are," to insert "the Lesseeor " Lessees:"

L. 25. To leave out "Estates," and insert " Qualifications:"

L. 26. To leave out " Value," and insert " Degree:"

Pr. 18. L. 31. After "more," to insert "Justice or:"

Pr. 23. L. 9. After "Tax," to insert "isand:"

Pr. ai. L. 27. After ‘5any,"'to insert "Three Deputy Lieutenants, or any:"

L. 37. After "any," to insert "Three Deputy Lieutenants, or any

Pr. 22. L. 3. After "any," to insert "Three Dc- puty Lieutenants, or any:"

Pr. 27. L. 28. After. "County," to insert "Riding " or Place:"

L. 29. To leave out " the Lord," and insert " his Majesty:"

L. 30. To leave out " thereof:"

L. 31. To leave out " Five," and insert " Three:"

L. 33. After " County," to insert " Riding " or Place:"

L. 35. After "appointed," to insert " and:"

Pr. 32. L. 13. After " more," to insert " Justice " or:"

Pr 33. L. 15. After " more," to insert " Justice " or:"

Pr. 35. L. 20. To leave out " been," and insert

" being:"

Pr. 49. L. xi. After " Hereditaments," to insert "as " according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act " of Parliament, made in the 30th Year of the Reign " of his Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain " called England, doth qualify me to act as a Deputy " Lieutenant, Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, in and for the C.ty. *"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in' the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

O t,

And then the Blank left in the Bill for the Title thereof was filled up by the Cicrk at the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Potter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this Hou e wi 1, upon Morn-

ing next, -tfolve itself into a Committee of the whole ,nl* Ho.use, to c ijfider further ol Ways and Means for raising the Supply g: anted to his Majesty.

30 Geo. II. 25* — 2 6° — 28 817

Supply.

R efolved.That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 26° Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii II"1 Regis, 1757.

Luna, 28° die Martii;

Anno 30* Georgii IP* Regis, 1757. Prayers.

THE Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Addresses of Friday last, That the several Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions accordingly.

Prayers.

Viscount A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Irwin* /I for impowenng Henry Viscount George -

Ltiate. ram, his Brother, and Charles , his Nephew, to

settle Part of the said Viscount Estate upon the

Marriage of the said Charles Ingram; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sandys Mr. Nugent, Mr. Mack worthMr. Lyfie'\ Lord Strange, Mr. Richard Nugent, J^ord Powerfcourt, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Ridley, Sir Hildyard, Mr.

Lord Viltiers, Mr Gore, Sir John Wynne, Mr. Pitt, Lord Middleton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Mr. Bowes, Mr.

Jffleck, Mr. Digby, Mr Colebrooke, Mr. Keppel, Mr. Kynajlcn, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Mr. Honeyzvood,

Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Rigby, Lord Digby Mr. Mr.

Cadogan, Mr. Northey, Sir George Lee, Mr. Watson, Mr. Thrum, Mr. Harbord, Mr. Buller, Mr Sir John Jr milage, Mr. Thomas Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Cooke, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Boone, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Calvert, Mr. TrevanMr. Hunt, Mr. Calvert, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Mr. D Mr.

Clayton, Sir IVm Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Lord

Register of Scotland, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Mr.

Coke, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Gordon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Trift, Lord,

Mr. Montagu-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, and And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Duke «f An ingrossed Bill for varying and postponing certain

Richmond’s Limitations in a Grant, made by King Charles the €oaijon Second, of a Duty on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to Charles late Duke of Richmond and Lenox; and for enabling the present Duke of Richmond, Lenox, and Aubigny, to make a Jointure on his intended Marriage with Lady Mary Bruce was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for varying and postponing certain Limitations in a Grant, made by King Charles the Second, of a Duty on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to Charles late Duke of Richmond and Lenox-, and for enabling the ' present Duke of Richmond, Lenox, and Aubigny, to make

a Jointure on his intended Marriage with Lady Mary Bruce.

Ordered, That Mr. Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Militia. Ordered, That Mr. Tczvnjhend do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part oi Britain called England-, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, N me of the Clock.

VOL. *7.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of George Chafin the elder, and George Chafin the younger, Esquire?, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerfe for Payment of their Debts; and for rendering a Power in a certain Settlement therein mentioned, for making Jointures more effectual, and for other Purposes; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lewis, Sir Thomas -mer, Mr. Smith, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Cholmley, Sir Willoughby Afion, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Turner, Mr. York, Lord Bateman, Mr. Lyster, Lord Strange,

Mr. George Onslow, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Pro&cr, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Ctfi, Mr. Pitt, Sir Poole, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Barry, Mr. SSir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Roger New digate, Mr Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. CurzoMr Bagot, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Mathews, Mr.

Mr Montagu, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Charlton, Lord Maipas, Mr. More, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Foner can, Mr.; and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging John Lord Trevor, Executor of Thomas Lord Trevor, deceased, from the Sum of Eight thousand and Eight hundred Pounds, agreed, by the said Thomas Lord Trevor, to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands; and for confirming the Application made by the said John Lord Trevor of the said Eight thousand and Eight hundred Pounds, towards the Discharge of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds charged on the Manor of Bromham, and other the Estates late of the said Thomas Lord Trevor, in the County of Bedford; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Bateman, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Freeman, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Cooke, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Keck, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Digby, Mr. More, Mr. Cocks, Sii John Turner, Mr. Wcfiphaling, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Gore, General Mojlyn, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Ojzcald, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Boone, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mathezvs, /Mr. Jffleck, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. KynafiSir Walter Blackett, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Buller, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Symondi, Mr. Trift, Lord Digby, Sir Willoughby Mr. Hamilton,

Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Grenville, Mr. York Mr. Finch, Mr. Bold, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Alderman Beckford, Mr. Smith, Mr. Medlycott. Mr Lord Parker, Mr. White, Lord Mr. Bathurfi,

Sir John Cufi, Mr. Ryder, Lord Maipas, Mr. , Sit Conyers D'Arcy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Bucks, and Suffix: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

9 Y A Message

Answer to Add rets for Paper*.

Chafin’*

Estates.

Lord

Trevor’*

Estates.

28* Martii.

Si 8

A. 1757.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Towcester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road. for repairing and widening the Road from 7

through Silverjlonand B in the County of North-

ampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to Weflon Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Cotpmittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, u4 on / the said Bill.

Recruiting Mr. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according ^tder, a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual Recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines: And the same was received; and read the First time.

The Lord Barrington presented to the Hdufe, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1756, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth j viz.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1756, not provided for by Parliament.

To Major Caulfield, for Expences in carrying on the new Roads in North Britain 5,465 5 4

To D*, for repairing the old Roads and Bridges there ----- 500 — —

To Laurence Dttndas Esquire, for 3165 Days Pay as Commissary of Stores in North

Britain, to 24th December 1755 - - - - -18210 —

To D*, for 366 Days Pay as D* in North Britain, to 24th December 1756 - - 183 — —

To Mr. Robert Gardiner, for Necessaries furnished by him for the Encampment at Fort George,

£' A.

S>9$$ 5 4

365 10 —

To One Year’s Fire and Candle furnished by the Barrack-master General in North Britain to several Garrisons in the Highlands, to the 24th December 1755 -

To Lieutenant General Bland, for lo much expended by him for his Majesty’s Service in North Britain -

To Melfieurs Burrell and Bristow, for the Allowance of id. per Man, and the additional Allowance of id. per Man, for every Seven Days victualling 3,500 Men certain, from the 6th of December 1755, to the 24th of the same Month, both inclusive - - - 11815 —

To D°, for the like Allowance for Three Days, at Man Week, for the

odd Days of the Years 1753, 1754, and 1755 - - - - 18 15 —

To D°, for D°, at 3 d.per Man per Week, for Six Months, from 25th December 1755, to June l7$6 > which Allowance, though paid to the Contractors, was afterwards deducted, from 24th February, to the 24th June, in their Warrant for £.3,063. 14. 6.; by which they are allowed z\d. per Pound Weight for all Beef delivered from that Day - ----- -1,137 10 —

To John BriJlovj Esquire, to satisfy a Bill of Exchange drawn from Leghorn, for

Beef lent from thence to Minorca ----- -2,241 9 10

To D°, in Advance, and upon Account, towards reimbursing the Expence of Beef

de ivered into the Stores at Minorca ----- -1,500 — —

To Melfieurs Burrell and Bristow, in lieu of the id. and the additional Penny per Man per Week, for 3,500 Men certain, the said Contractors are allowed z\d. per lb. Weight for all their Beef issued from 24th February, to 19th 1756; as also for all their Beef in Store, from which Time Beef was issued to the Troops tree of Payment, by Order of Lieutenant General Blakeney- - - -3*063 *4. 6

To Mr. Hcnfhaiv, to answer several Bills drawn by Charles Williams, Deputy Commissary of Stores in A linorch, for Bread delivered to the Troops there between the 20th April and the 3d of July

756....

To His Majesty’s Proportion of the Expence of Coals furnished to the Garrison of Gibraltar -To the Contractors for victualling Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made, and to be made, to complete that Service, as well for Victualling as for Infuraoce, and all incidental Charges, to 24th December l75^ - / - - - - - *

To Chauncey Tuwnshend Esquire, for supplying the Detachments of Artillery in Newfoundland with Provisions for One Year, from A lidsummer 1755, to 1756, by way ot Imprest,

and upon Account -

To Me ill curs Lascelles -<nd Maxwell, for the Discharge of a Bill of Exchange drawn by Governor Knowles, for Disbursements in re-establishing his Majesty’s Subjects in the Bay of Honduras ----- - 273 10 3

To William Baker Esquire, for the Discharge of a Bill of Exchange drawn by D*

for sundry Disbursements for the Service of the MShore - - - 1951211 To Mr. Trail, for the Discharge of a Bill of Exchange drawn by D*, for Disbursements for D* Service ----- 364 8 8

1,498 17 — 1,894 6 6

300 — —

8,080 4 4

*,187 1 —

2,897 8 —

29,629 2 it

1,140 6

To Mr. Martin, for Pay Bills, Boatmen, (Be. for the Use of a Detachment from the Companies at South Carolina to Georgia, from 28th November 1754, to the

15 *

1,033 II 10

Account of limy Extras.

30 Geo. II.

z8° Martii.

27 th November 1755, and for Provisions for the Detachment at Frederica to the 24-th December 1755- - - - 6l*

To D® for purchasing Presents for the Indians bordering on Georgia, upon Account -----1,300

4 I

To Mr. Budd, for Provisions laid up in Store in the Island of Jersey, per Contract - ----- - 846 13

To D\ for Provisions laid up in Store in the Island of Guenifey, per Comract - 846 13

To Lord To Grass To D* -To D® -ToD® -To D® -To D" -To D* -

ToD* -

to D To D'

To D

Tyrawley, for sundry Services of the Garrison at Gibraltar Money of 559 Hones of Lieutenant General Bland's Dragoons

of 394 D° of Major General Herbert's

of 394 D® of Lieurenant General Sir Charles Howard’s

- of 794 D® of Lieutenant General Hawley’s

of 394 D® of Lieutenant General Campbell’s -

- of 394 D® of the Earl of Albemarle’s -

- of 394 D° of General Sir Robert Rich’s -

of 394 D® of Lieutenant General Cholmondeley’s

- - - of 394 D* of Lieutenant General Sir John Cope's

- - - of 394 D® of Lieutenant General Sir Mordaunt'%

- - - of 394 D* of the Earl of - -

- 25J - 185 - 185 l6 4 I I I I

-1,467 7 6

-1.034 5 —

-1.034 5 —

- !»°34 5 —

-1.034 5 —

-1.034 5 —

-1.034 5 —

-1,034 5 —

-1,034 5

-1,034 5 —

-1,034 5 —

21 ft of October

to the 24 tli Decemberi 736, both inclusive -

To 61 Days Pay of the Two Highland Battalions of Foot, from the 25th of October to the 24th of December 1 756 ——

To 12 Months Pay of the additional Staff Officers in North America, to 24th

December 1756- - - - -2,013 — —

To D®, for the additional Officers of the Hospital there, to the 24th December

1756 - - - -..... 740 -

To the Pay for the additional General and Staff Officers in Great Britain, to the

24th December 1756 - -- - 9,108 7 —

To the Officers of the Hospital in Great Britainto the 24th December 1736 - 1,843 lS —

To Forage-money allowed the General and Staff Officers in South Britain, to the 24th December

1756

To D®, to the Three Battalions of Foot Guards under Orders to take the Field -To Colonel Watson, for his Expences in visiting and settling the Quarters and Encampments of the Troops in South Britain ——

To Mr. Alt, fc: Marches and other small Expences for the Troops -

To Mr. Ca/crest, for furnUhing the Detachments of General Shirleys and Sir William Pepperefi's

Regiments, which arrived at Plymouth, with Slops, Frocks, &c. -To Major Phillips and Captain "Thomas, for their Expences in being sent Hostages to France as Security for the lafe Return of the Transports which carried the Garrison of Fort St. Philip to Gibraltar ——

Total

War Office, 28th , 1757.

819

To Messieurs Lawton and Carlton, for transporting General Otway’s and Lord

John Murray’s Regiments from Carl: to Plymouth - -1,849 1 5

To Messieurs iVeld, Lawton, and Carlton, for transsorting and victualling Two

Companies of Invalids from Dublin and Cork to - - - - 639 7 11

4

4

To Mr. Gamier Apothecary General, for Medicines, Materials, and Utensils, by him provided for the Forces in North America, West Indies, and England, Anno 1756-To Mr. Ellis, for a Surplus of an Account due to him as Director of the Hospitals in

between 2«th March 1745, and the 19th July 1743 -

To Mr. Fardy, for Co much paid over by him to several Artificers in Satisfaction

for Utensils, Bedding, c Be.for the Battalion of Foot Guards in Somerset House 1,373 10 11

To D#, for lb much paid over by him to several Artificers, in Satisfaction for

Utensils, Bedding, &c. to D°, in the new Horse Guards - *,205 18 10

To Co’onel Carr, for divers NVcefiaries furnished for Three Battalions of Foot Guards cantoned in Somerset House, H>if. Guards, and Savoy Barracks, to the 24th 1756

To the following Colonels, for Off-reckonings of their additional non-commission Officers and private Men; viz.

Colonel of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, 203 Days -Lieutenant General Otway's - - - 49 Days -

Lord John Murray’s ----- 49 Days -

a,:ia 4 1

2,488 9 4

1,693 6 8 4,906 14 6 320 — —

2.579 9 9 2,097 18 JO

623 18 6 936 8 8

11,809 17 $ 2,709 19 s 6,688 13 —

*.753 -

10,952 2 —

681 17 3 1,816 10 —

587 *4 9 80 12 11$

527

12 8

211 15 7

111,370 >9 7J

Barrington.

Vol. 27.

Ordered,

820 28d Martii. A-1757.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Lofely A Petition of several Persons who have a Right of liidofure. Common in a large'Tract of common Marsh, or waste Land, called the Pease lying in several Parishes

within the Hundred of Godalming, in the County of rey, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners -are the Land Owners, Tenants, or Occupiers, of several Farms, Lands, or Tenements, fituare in the said Hundred j and have for Time immemorial been intitled to, and have used and enjoyed, a Right of Common for Sheep, and all Kind of Beast and Cattle, without Stint, on every Part of the said common Marsh, or waste Land, and particularly on that part thereof which lies in the Manor of Lo/e/y, in the Parish of Nicholas Guildford, at all times of the Year; and taking notice. That Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, and dividing into Severalty, such Part of the said common Marsh as lies within the said Manor of Lofely, and Parish of St. Nicholas Guildford-, and alleging, That the Petitioners have all an equal Right with the Seven Persons who, the Petitioners are informed, signed the Petition for the Inclosure, to the Benefit of Common on every Patt of the said Marsh; and are convinced, that the inclosing thereof will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, their Efiatcs and Possessions: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Count'd, again (I the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lej A Bill for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or

Bridge, near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry-, and for making,

repairing, and widening. Roads from thence into the great Roads, at Snarcjbrooke, in *he County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cooke, Sir Wm. Beauchamp P Mr. Fairfax, Mr.

Mr. George Onslow, Sir James Mr. Colebrooke,

Mr. Vyuer, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Mr.

Crowle, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Barry, Mr.

Campbell, Lord Bateman, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Bold, Mr. Edgctimbe, Mr. Curzon, Lord

feit, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Sandy's, Mr. Churchill, Sir John Mr. Sir John

Cufl, Mr. Bagot, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Sir Francis

Poole, Mr. Lockyer, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Grosvenor, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Sir John Hynde Cotton,

Mr. Burrell, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Newnham, Sir Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Duckett, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Stratton, Sir John 'Turner, Mr. Bolton, Sir Web-

fier, Mr. IVilly, Lord Digby, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Sergifon, Mr, Walpole, Mr. Torke, Mr. Chauncey Townshend,- Mr. Belchier, Mr. Alderman Baker, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Bacon, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Evelyn, Lord Barrington, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Fonereau junior, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Sir

Richard Lloyd, Mr. Morgan, Colonel Hollywood, Mr. Nejbiit, Lord Verney, Mr. Nugent, Lord Shelburne-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Cambridge, Suffolk, Norfolk, and Fffex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Morton A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and Imfo'urc. common Fields lying within the Parish or Township of Morton, otherwise Morton Morrill, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Provofe, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Mr. Willy, Mr.

Vernon, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Mr. Cocke, Mr.

Ridley, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

WiIkinjon, Mr. Fello-wes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Palmer, Sir

Nicholas Bay/y, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sandys, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Stanley, Mr. Olmius, Sir John Glynn, Mrl Fiore,

Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Alderman Beckford,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Lyster, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Thrift, Mr. Symmonds, Mr.

Colebrooke, Mr. Bold, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bolton, Mr.

Lane, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Mathews, Mr. Bayntun, General Mostyn, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Popham, Mr. Egerton,

Mr. Stratton, Mr. Fuller, Sir Willoughby Aftotr, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick,

Worcester, Stafford, Gloucester, and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the more effectual Preservation and Improve- Tham ment of the Fry and Spawn of Fish in the River of Thames and Waters of Medway, and for the better regulating the Fishery thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Mayor of London, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Turner,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Fonereau, Mr.

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Gore, Lord Re-gi fter of Scotland, Mr. Affleck, Sir William Calvert, Sir John Cust, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Godolphin,

Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Martin, Mr. George Onslow,

Mr. Calvert, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Mathews, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Townshend, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProBor, Mr.

Selwytt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Montagu, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Bathurst, Lord John Murray, Mr. Ward, Mr Bolton,

Mr. Olmius, Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Fanfhaw, Mr. Gore, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Molyneux, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Crowle, Mr. , Sir

Samuel Fludyer, Mr. Scott, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Alexander, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Kent, Lord Barrington,

General Onslow-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, and for the City of London: A nd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for enlarging the Term, and amending and al- Sonthwold tering several Powers, granted by an Act made in the Haren. aoth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of South-wold, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Affleck,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Edmund Mr. Ridley, Mr. Torke, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Hardinge, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Smith, Sir John Glynn, Mr.

More, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Hanger, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Foley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Bagot, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. Trift,

Mr. V\ner, Mr. Brand, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Berkeley, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Lee, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Bridgman, Sir gate, Mr. Bathurst, Sir John Mo, Mr. Barry, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Thomas Pelham,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Olmius, Mr. , Lord Euflon,

Lord Malpas, Mr. Jones, Lord Shelburne, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Rigby, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProBor, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Mr.

Sir John Turner, Mr. Ellis, Lord George Mr.

Popham, Mr. Finch, Mr. Boone, Mr. Ash. Curzon, Mr.

Cocks, Sir George Dalfton, Mr. Hunt-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Fffex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Jamaica of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider Affair*, of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, in the iaft Session of Parliament, relating to-

1

w

D urge’s Nat.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Warwick Shire Hall.

30 Geo. II. 28 — 29° Marta. 821

to the then Governor, Council, and Affc:r.b!y, of Jamaica*, and of the other Papers r.ferred 10 the Lid Committee; Thar they do admit Connie! to be heard, before the said Committee, on the behalf of Vice Admiral Knowles, hire Governor of the said Ittand, lb far as the said Papers shall relate to him, if the said Committee shall think fit.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Durade, was read a Second rime.

RefoheJ, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Felluwes, Mr. Issuer, Mr. Gore, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Foley, Sir Edmund I/ham, Mr. Colleton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. More, Sir John Cuff, Mr. While, Mr. Bacon, Mr. York, Mr. Kynrjton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. IV?/kin[on, Mr. Palmer, Mr. f fiord on, Mr. Prowse, Mr-AJleck, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Matheivs, Kir. Shirley, Mr. Digby, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Berk:lew Mr. OIndus, Mr. Hanger; Mr. Fuller, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hayes, Mr. OJivald, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Yoke, Mr. Ward, Mr. George Onjhzv, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Bond, Mr. Hunt. Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlxcott, Sir Francis Poofe, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Courtenay, M r. Baa ml tin. Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Burrell, Lord Shelburne, Mr. New n ham, Mr. Finch* Mr. Shelley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, retolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate o( the Debt of his Majesty *s Navy, on the 31st December 1756, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of the Troops of Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain, during their Marches through Germany, both at their coming to England, and their Return home from thence, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoiveditfeif into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House wttl please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then ihe House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 90 die Marlii \

Anno 30° Georgii Iidi Regis, 1737. Prayers.

SI R Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rebuilding, and keeping in Re pair, the Shire Hall of the County of Warwick, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that VOL. 27,

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-<rally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom Bishopthorpe the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inclosure. establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for the div ding and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadow Grounds, ana Common or Waste, in the Township of Bishopthorpe, in the County of the City of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Thomas Binder, who is possessed of One Copyhold Messuage, and Two Acres of Copyhold Land; William Rob inf on, who is possessed of One Messuage, and Three Acres and Half a Rood of Leasehold Land held of the Archbishop of York; and Edward Hill, who is possessed of Two Acres of Land only; who, being applied to, said they would not sign the Bill, because, if they did not, they thought they should be exempted from any Charge in pitting the Act of Parliament, but that they had no Objection to the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

The Lid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

A Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Ships, RVe of the City of London, whole Names are thereunto sub- and Dover Imbed, on behalf of themselves, and others, was pre- Harbours, fen ted to (he House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sitssex, to its an-tient Goodnels: And alleging, that the said Harbour neither is, nor can be made, serviceable to the Navigation of thele Kingdoms; and that any further Term will be ineffectual taontain the End aimed at, and be extremely burthenimne to the Petitioners: And then fore praying the House, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, 1j far as the same relates to the Harbour of Rye; or to grant them such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner^ be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their said Petition, if they think (if.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Rcerirrin* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to rectify a the Land M iltalce in an Act, p.iffjcl this Session of Parliament, in- Forte*.

9 Z tituled,

£22

titukd, An Act For the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took, the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plealc to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

A Mclfage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Pichlingion The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act;

ludoiure. for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, common Paliures, common Grounds, and commonable Lands, within the Township of,

in the County of Oxford, without any Amendment: And also,

W'mgerwqrth The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Inco ure. for dividing and inclosing certain common Pastures and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of

zseorth, and in the Hamlet of , in the Parish of North Wingfield, respectively, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply. Mr. ChardoifTtponzd from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-one thousand Nine hundred Fifty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Sixpence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the March in Germany of the d roops of Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain, both at their coming here, and their Return back.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally pot thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Montgomerie’s Mr. Veitch reported from the Committee, to whom

Ettatea. the ingr0(yal gin ftom the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Lilias Montgomerie, of , to fell Lands

in the County of Renfrew, and to lay out the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands of the said Lilias Montgomerie, in the County of Air; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Charter- An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act house enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, Estates, founded in Charter-house, to sell and convey the Manor of Blacktof:, and divers Lands and Tenements in the County of York-, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lauds and Tenements 20

A. 1757.

for the Benefit of the said Hospital; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Verney, Mr. Vernon, Mr. More, Mr. Grenville, Sir John Clift, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr Lord Dupplin, Mr. Potter, Sir Charles Mwdaunt, Kir.

Charlton, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Kvnafton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Willy, Mr. Onfiozv, Mr . Lyfiler, Mr. Mr. Nor-

they, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Cartwright, Mr.

Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Trifit, Mr. Shelley, S:r John Mr. Prcbyn, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Fuller, Mr Mr.

Gafihry, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Medlycolt, Mr. Berkeley, S.r John Turner, Nit. Gibbons, Mr. Lewis, Mr Mr. Recorder of London, Mr. Sir Thomas Hales,

Mr. Digby, Lord Malpas, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townfihend, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Grey, Mr. Smith, Mr. Montagu, Lord Parker, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Tynte, Mr. Alexander, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Ridh Lord George Cavendish, Mr. M% Wynne, Mr.

Locke, Colonel Honey wood, Mr. Mr. Weis, Mr. Waller-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot York, Middleficx, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Earl Verney have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Tythes and Hereditaments in the Lie of Wight, the Estate and Inheritance ot Thomas Esquire, a Lunatic, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Verney, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Gift, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fellows, Mr.

Mr. More, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charlton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Willy, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Ly Sir Armine Wodehouse, Mr. SmithSir Francis Foo'e, Mr. Gore, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. George Onslow, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Hardings, Sir Francis Mr. Faza-

kerley, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Bozves, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Fuller. Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Alexander, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lee, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Gafihry, Mr. Nugent, Mr. ThifiletIVa!ter, Mr.

Lezvis, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Finch, Sir Thomas Jon, Mr Moore, Mr. Webb, Mr. Mr

Mr. M'Kenzie, Sir John Turner, Mr. Montagu, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Great heed, Mr. Potter, Mr. Wynne-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, Dorset, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr Sandyspresented to the House, according to Order,.

a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, lor repairing and widening several Roads leading Irom a Gate called Poole Gale, in the Town and County of Poole: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys have Leave to nuke' a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Murning, Nine of the Clock.

190 Martii.

Eaofter's

EiUic.

poMc Gite Kond*.

jo Geo. II. 30° Martii. 823

Account ot 1 ron iir^oited.

Blyth

River

Navigation.

Hitchin

to

Bedford

Ro4Q.

Lengh-

lu>»ou^h

Read.

W*lby’s

£ita;c.

Mercurii, 30 die Anno 30° Georgii II*" Regis, 1757. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from foreign Countries, since the 24th June 1750, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to; distinguishing each Country and each Year; And also. An Account of the Quantity of Pig and Bar Iron which have been imported from ti e British Colonies in America, into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the 24th June 1730, to the 24th ^«of 1756; distinguilliing each Year and each Colony, and how much in Pig, and how much in Bar.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Master, Wardens, A Aidants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

The said Accounts are preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the River Blyth navigable from Halesworth Bridge, in the County of Suffolk, into the Haven of Southwold, without any Amendment: And also,

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Read from the Town of Hitchin, in the County of ford, through the Town of She ford, and Carrington Cotton End, to a Lane opposite a Farm House called St. Leonard's, leading into the Turnpike lload from Albans to the Town of Bedford-, and also the Road from the 'Fuming out of the atordaid UoaJ into llcnlow Field, to Gerjccd Bridge; and also the Road from the Town of liculcio, over llenlow Bridge, to in the County

ot Bedford; without any AtnenJuic t: And also.

The Li ids have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading born Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of tough, to Ajldoy de la 7,ouch, in the County of Lsicef.er, without any Amendment: And a’To,

The Lords have paOcd a Bill, intituled, An Act for cunfuming the Title of William Esquire to certain

I and* and Hereditaments in the County of pur-

ciialed of Francis Fyjl.er Esquire; and for veiling and settling other El’tatcsof the said Francis Fxjker, in the said County, upon the Trulls, and for the Pur poles, therein mentioned: To which the Lords deftre the Concurrence of this Jloufe.

And then the Me Ringer 5 withdrew.

Recruiting Mr. Thomas Gors, according to Order, reported from «tic Land the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ft>rcu». (0 re<gify a Midake in an Act paiRd this Session of Parliament, intituled, An AT Hr the speedy and effectual recruiting of His Majesty’t* Land Fora sand Marines, was committed, the Amendment, winch the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Aniend-

V’CL. 27.

ment, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendment was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repairing the Roads from Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge in the County of Hants-, and also the Road from Bagshot to a Place called the Golden Farmer; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. IVhie he ot, Mr. Curzon, Sir Armine IVodehouJe, Mr. Lyfler, Lord Strange, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Martin, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Willy, Mr. Fell owes, Mr, Prowse, Lord Parker, Mr. H, Sir John Mr. Lockyer, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Putney, Mr. Banker,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Smith, Mr. TowMr. Trifl, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Cttjl, Mr. Gajhry, Sir George Lee, Mr. Muir, Mr.

Fonereau, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. FMr. WiMr, Fuller, Mr. Harvey, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Hammond, Mr. George Colebrooke, Mr. BriJ-towe. Sir William Calvert, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir Francis Poole; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlsex, Surrey, Southampton, Berks, Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Grounds, and Meadows, in the Manor and Parish of Baumber, otherwise Hamburgh, in the County of was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whichcot, Sir William Calves t, Mr. Dawmsy, Mr. Ofwa/d, Mr. George Brudenell, Lord Downs, Mr. James Lord

plin, Mr. Jetty ns. Lord Roys ton, Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Cadcgan, Mr. Smith, Sir Francis Boole, Mr.

Mr. Finch, Mr. George Onslow, Marquis of Granby, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Vyner junior, Sir Armine Wcdehouse, Mr. Oimius, Lord Air. Bathurst, Mr.

Flore, Mr. Colleton, Mr. FelloweMr. Shelley, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Bayntun, Mr Lord Fer-

ny, Mr. Trift, Sir EllisCunliffe, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gajhry, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Cambridge, Storey, York, and Nottingham: And they aie to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clumber.

Ordered, That Mr. Potter be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets of the City of Bath, and Liberties thereof, and for regulating the Chairmen; and a’.so for the keeping a sufficient and well regulated Watch in the Night-time in the said City and Liberties; and to oblige all Owners ot Houses, and other Buildings, within the said City and Liberties, to bring down the Water from the Roofs of their Houses, and other Buildings, by proper Pipes, down the Sides or Walls of such Houses and Buildings; and alto to oblige all C03I Carriages to pals by the Borough Walls of the said City, during the Night Season.

Ordered, That Mr. Potter be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top ot KingsdownHill and the City of Bath, and for amend-

ing l’eveial other Highways therein mentioned leading to the said City; and also for repaying the Roads leading from the di p of Lanfdownto the Monument upon Lars-

down; and the Road leading from the Top of Hill into the Bristol Road leading and the

Hoad leading from Both Easton Bridge to Gate

upon the I-'ufs Road; the Road leading from Dunkerton Bridge to the Six Miie Stone in the Parish of and also the Road leading from the Globe in the Parish of

Hewlm

Bagshot

Roacis.

Bamburgh

InJoi’ur*.

Bath

Streets, &c.

Kingsdown

Hit!

Roaiis.

8 2 x. 3°* — 3

Neicfon Sr. Lor to the Cross P-ft in the Road leading to Pens/ord-, and ai,'a the Road by Tracy Park, between hriikd Turnpike Road and the Monument upon Lans-

dvZ’jti9

BlOiop^horpe An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act inciofure. for estabiiining and rendering eflhftual certain Articles of Agreement t^r the dividing and indoling the common -Fields, common M rati v.' Grounds, and Common or Waste, in the Townshij) of Bjftoptkirpe, in the County of the City of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. IVHhirtfon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments tins House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord Hi ps.

Kibble An ingr -ffed Bill for rebuilding the Bridge over the Bridge. River Kibble, between the Townlliips of Prejlonand Pen-wort ham, near a Place called the Fiji: , in the County

Palatine of Lan after, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An ;\ct for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ribble, between the Townships of Preston and Pemvor-tham, near a Place called the Houset in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Selling Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

«f Poisons. refljajn and limit the vending and disposing of Poisons: and that Sir John Cust, the Lord Carysfoit, Mr. and Mr. Hardiuge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame

[° Martii, 1757.

within the City of Brlftol, under their common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the Lid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed 1 he Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itleli* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the fev^ral Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, and who h »v£ not yet been examined before the said Committee, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Way» next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, atul Meaiu* to consider further of Ways and Means for tailing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supplying next, resolve iti’elf into a Committee of the whole Hou e, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Recruiting the Land Forces.

Attaining Good* by Fraud.

High Price ol Corn, &c.

Importation of Iron.

An ingrossed Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act torectify a Mistake in an Act passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. George Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned: and for preventing Gaming in public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That 'the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report, which, upon Friday the 28th Day of January last, was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Com and Bread for the future;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers 17

Jovts, 31'’ d Martii;

Anno 30° Georgii ILdI Regis, 1737.

Prayers.

flRDEREDy That Mr. Charlton do carry to the Lords BHhopthorpt the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for the dividing and indoling the common Fields, common Meadow Grounds, and Common or Waste, in the Township of Rijhopthorpe, in the County of the City of York \ and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To wh:ch Amendments this House doth defne the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act _ Duke of for varying and peftponing certain Limitations in a Grant Ricnniond'* made by King Charles the Second, of a Duty on Coals on shipped in the River Tyne, to Charles late Duke of Richmond and Isenox', and for enabling the present Duke of Richmond^ Lenox, and Aubigny, to make a Jointure on his intended Marriage with Lady Mary Bruce; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act CourneM for settling a certain yearly Sum upon the right honourable £ niton $ Anne Fitzroy, commonly called Counteis ot Eu/ton, Wile ot Sculcmcit. the right honourable A uguft us Fitzroy hfquire, commonly called Lari of Eufton, out ot certain yearly Pen lions ifiu-ing out of the hereditary it-.venue of the Exci'c, and computed in certain Letters Patent bearingDate thelVo-and-twentieth Day ot October, in tue 2tuh Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in Part of the Join-ture agreed to be secured to her upon her imenmrriage with the said right honourable A iguftns Fitzroy Esquire,

co:n-

30 Geo. II. 31° Mariii.

commonly called Earl of without any Amend-

ment: And also,

Earl of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ogy* veiling the settled Eilat e of George William Earl of Coventry, in the County of ,in Trustees, in Trust,

to /ell the lame; and to lav out the Money arising by such iSale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, lying nearer to his Estate, in the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Warwick, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Lord The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Arundell’» impowering the Guardians of Horry Lord Arundell, of Estates. War dour, and Thomas Arundell his Brother, both Infants,

to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of their several Estates during their respective Minorities: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Spalding Mr. Whichcotpresented to the House* according to

Roads'18' Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through , and

by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Out gang, in the County of

Northampton, adjoining the high Road there: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Welby’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for confirming the Title of Esquire, to certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Lincoln, purchased of Francis Fyjher Esquire; and for veiling and settling other Estates of the said Francis Fyjher, in the said County, upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Bateman presented to the House, pursuant , to their Address to his Majesty,

Jamaica N* I. Copy of an Address of the Council of the Island Attain. of Jamaica, to his Majesty, dated the 23d of

*756:

2. Copy of the Examinations taken in the Council of Jamaica, transmitted along with the aloregoing Address, under the Seal of that island:

3. Copy of an Address of the Council of Jamaica to the Lieutenant Governor of the said Island, transmitted at the same time with the aforegoing Address.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be pt-rufed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lori An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Arundell’* for impowering the Guardians of Henry Lord Arundell, ftftatn. of War dour, and Thomas Arundell, his Brother, both In-

fants, to make Lealcs and Copyhold Grants of their several Estates during their respective Minorities, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

outran Mr. Hunter, from the Commissioners for executing the

Fort* *nd Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pre-

Settlements. fcnted to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of such Part of the Instructions given by the Lord Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Jasper, of his Majesty’s Ship the Prince Henry, stationed on the Coalt of Africa, as orders him to inspect and examine the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, dated the 26th May 1750:

2. Extract of a Letter from Captain Jofper, of his Majesty’s Ship Prince Henry, to Mr. Clevland, dated in Accra Road, 12th April 1750 j inclosing,

Vol. 27.

An Account of the present State of the English Settlements on the Coast of Africa:

3. Copy of such Part of the Instructions given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Baird, of his Majesty’s Ship the Surprize, stationed on the Coast of Africa, as orders him to inspect and examine the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, dated the 5th July 17 50:

4. Extract of a Letter from Captain Baird, of his Majesty’s Ship Surprize, to Mr. dated the 45th

July 1751 i inclosing,

Reports of the State and Condition of the Forts in the River Gambia, Sierra Leone, and at on

the Coast of Africa:

5. Copy of such Part of the Instructions given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Jermy, of his Majesty’s Sloop Swan, stationed on the Coast of Africa, as orders him to inspect and examine the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, dated the 18th April 17 f 1:

N. B. Captain Jermy dying in the Voyage, it does not appear that any Report of the State of the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa was ever collected by him:

6. Copy of such Part of the Instructions given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the honourable Captain Howe, of his Majesty’s Ship the Glory, stationed on the Coast of Africa, as orders him to inspect and examine the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, dated the 2d May 1751:

7. Extract of a Letter from the honourable Captain Howe, of the Glory, to Mr. Clevland, dated

the 22d April 1752; inclosing,

State and Condition of James Fort, in the River Gambia in Africa, marked A:

State and Condition of the Fort and Factory on George Island in the River Sierra Leone, on the Coast of Africa, marked B:

Copy of a Report of the State and Condition of Dixcove Fort in Africa, marked C:

Copy of a Report of the State and Condition of condee Fort on the Coast of Africa, marked D: State and Condition of Commenda Fort in , marked E:

Copy of a Report of the State and Condition of Cape Coast Castle in Africa, marked F:

Copy of a Report of the State and Condition of tumquere Fort on the Coast of Africa, marked G: State and Condition of Fort in Africa,

marked H:

A Report of the State and Condition of James Fort, Accra, on the Gold Coast in Africa, marked I:

8. Copy of such Part of the Instructions given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Daniel, of his Majesty’s Ship the Assurance, stationed on the Coast of Africa, as orders him to inspect and examine the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, dated the 25th September 1751:

9. Extract of a Letter from Captain Daniel, of his Majesty’s Ship Assurance, to Mr. Clevland, dated off Cape Coast Castle, 20 February 1754; inclosing,

A Report of the State and Condition of Cape Coast Castle on the Coast of Africa:

Extract of a Letter from Mr. James Skinner, Chief of James Fort in Africa, to Captain Daniel, of his Majesty’s Ship Assurance:

State and Condition of James Fort in the River Gambia on the Coast of Africa:

The State and Condition of Dixcove Fort in Africa:

10. Extract of a Letter from Captain Daniel, of his Majesty’s Ship Assurance, to Mr. Clevland, dated in Cape Coast Road, the ill March 1752; inclosing,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Samuel Staple, Agent, to Captain Daniel, of his Majesty’s Ship,

dated at George Island, Sierra Leone, 9th

*75*:

10 A n. Re-

826 $i° Martii. 1757.

African . |{< Report of the State of Fort in

Sterna. dated 9th March. 752:

12. Copy of the Report of the State of Commonda Fort in Africa, dated icth March 1752:

j j. State and Condition of Tantumcpiere Fort in Africa, dated 8 April 1752:

14 Copy of the State and Condition of fames Fort, Accra, in Africa, dated 15th April 1752:

15 State and Condition of /Vinnebah Fort on the Coast of Africa

Captain Daniel, of the Affirance, dying in the Voyage, thele Papers coll sted by him were found on board by Captain Scrope, who succeeded him in the Command, and transmitted by him to this Office:

16. Copy of such Part of the Inductions given by the iLords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Cockburn, of his Majesty’s Ship the Glory, stationed on the Coast of Africa, as orders him to inspect and examine the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, dated the 26th June 1752:

17. Ext raft of a Letter from Captain Cockburn, of his Majesty’s Ship Glory, to Mr. Clcvland, dated at Spit he ad, 19th August 1753; inclosing,

A Copy of the State of Succondee Fort:

A Copy of the State of Dixcove and Succondee Forts:

18. Copy of such Part of the Instructions given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Nu-cella, of his Majesty’s Ship the Hind, (tabooed on the Coast of Africa, as orders him to inspect at:d examine the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, dated the 31st ORoker 1752:

19. Extract of a Letter from Captain Nucel/a, of his Majesty’s Ship the Hind, to Mr. Clcvland, dated the 16th September 1753; inclosing,

State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa:

20. Copy of I nch Part of the Instructions given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the honourable Captain Barrington, of his Majesty’s Ship the Crown, stationed on the Coast of Africa, as orders him to inspect and examine the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, dated the 20th June 1753 :,

21. Extract of a Letrer from the honourable Captain Barrington, of his Majesty's Ship the Crown, to Mr. Clcvland, dated m Car life Bay, Barbadoes, the 12 th March 1754» inclosing,

State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements on the Coast ci Africa:

22. Copy of such Part of the Instructiens given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Carle, of his Majesty-s Ship the Jason, stationed on the Coast of Africa, 23 orders him to inspect and examine the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, dated the 7th February 1754:

23. Extrait of a Letter from Captain Roulh, who succeeded Captain Clarke in the Command of his Majesty’s Ship the Jason, to Mr. Clcvland, dated at St. Helens, the 4th April 1735; inclosing,

Copy of the State and Condition of the Forts at Tan-tvmquere, Winnebah, Accra, and IVhydah, on the Coast of Africa:

Copy of the State and Condition of James Fort, Bance If and, Dixcove, Succondee, Commonda, and Cape Goaf Castle, on the Coast of Africa:

Copy of a Plan of the Foundation and Situation of Annamaho Fort on the Coast ot Africa:

24. Copy of such Part of the Instructions given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Captain Edwards, of his Majesty’s Ship the Gosport, stationed on the Coast of Africa, as orders him to inspect and examine the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements there, dated the 30th October 1754:

25. Extract of a Letter from Captain Edwards, of the Gosport, to Mr. Clcvland, dated at Barbadoes, the 24th June 1755 > inclosing,

Copy of the State and Condition of the several Forts . oil the Coast of Africa

26. A Lift of the Ships of War stationed on the Coast of Africa, with the Dates of their Arrival from Africa in any Poit of Great Britain, or of his Majesty’s Colonies, from lft January 1750, to the 24th June 1756.

Togetner with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved Amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill for rebuilding and keeping in Repair the Shire Hull of the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for rebuilding and keeping in Repair the Shire Hall of the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Cone uri cnee.

Mr. Oswald, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addresses to his Majesty,

Copy of a Report of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the Lords of the Committee of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council for Plantation Affairs, dated July 3, 1755; and inclosing,

1. Copy of the Answer of the Inhabitants, Idc. of St. Jago de la Vega, to the Petition of the Merchants, Factors, idc. of Kingston, relative to the Removal of the Seat of Government, dated November 21, 1754:

2. Copy of the humble Answer of life Fuller Esquire, late Chief Justice of Jamaica, to a Comp! sint made against him to the Board of Trade by Clunks Knowles Esquire, Governor of the said liland:

3. Copy of a Memorial of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistant?, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants in the City of Brifol, to the Board of Trade, relating to the Removal of the Scat of Government from St. Jago de la Vega to Kingston, in the Island of Jamaica, dated September 2, 1754:

4. Copy of a Memorial of the Merchants oT Liverpool to the Board of Trade, relative to the Removal of the Scat of Government in Jamaica from St. Jago de la Vega to Kingston:

5. Copy of a Memorial of the Merchants of Lancaster to the Board of Trade, relative to the Removal of the Seat of Government from St. Jago de la Vega to Kingston in the Blind of Jamaica:

6. Copy of a Memorial of the Merchants redding in the City of New Fork, and trading to Jamaica, to the Board of Trade, in behalf of the Application from the Merchants, cie. of that liland, for a Removal of the Scat of Government from St. Jago de la Vega to Kingston, dated New York, July 30,

1754: .

7. Copy of a Memorial of the Merchants refichng in the City of Philadelphia, in the Province of Pensylvania, and trading to Jamaica, to the Board of Trade, in behalf of the Application from the Merchants, isic. of that liland, for the Removal of the Seat of Government from St. Jago *de la Vega to Kingston, dated Philadelphia, August 1754:

8. Extract of a Letter from Charles Knowles Esquire, Governor of Jamaica, to the Board of Trade, dated October 7, 1754:

Extract of a Letter from Charles Knowles Esquire, Governor of Jamaica, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated the 26th of March 1753, relating to Rose Fuller Esquire:

Extract of a Letter from Charles Knowles Esquire, Governor of Jamaica, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated January 12, 1754, relating to Rose Fuller Esquire:

Copy of a Letter from Charles Knowles Esquire, Governor of Jamaica, to the Commissioners for Trade and 15 Plantations,

Warwick Sudc Had,

Jamaica

Afiju-s.

A

1

30 Geo. II. 310 Martii.- — CJprilis- 847

Plantations, dated Jamaica, 14 January 1754, relating to Rcfe Fuller Esquire:

Copy of a Letter from Charles Knowles Esquire, Governor of Jamaica, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated Jamaica, 15 February 1754, relating to Rose Fuller Esquire.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the Paid Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Com-nritteeof the whole i loul'e, to whom it is referred to cun-fider of the several Papers which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, C »uncil, and Assem-My of Jamaica; and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Jamaica OrJtrcd, That Thomas Bailey Daniel Esquire do, upon

Arfain. Monday Morningnexr, attend the Commitkeof the whole

House, to whom it is referred to conliclerot the (evcral Vipers which wc-e pretemed to the House upon the 18til and 24th Days of February, and the ! 7th Day of March) in the hftSuTionol Parliament, relating to the then Governor. Council, and AHembly, of Jamaica; and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Thomas Siorer Esquire do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Edward Clarke Esquire do attend the said Co: runittce at the same time.

V eneris, i° d Apr His;

Anno 30* Georgii II. Regis, 1757.

Prayers,

H E Lord Doivne reported from the Committee, fD A. whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted byTwofeveral Acts, passed in the 14th Year of his present Map-fly, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red House, near to and

through the said Town of Wa, by Dew (bury. High Town, and Light cliff, to the Town of in the West

Riding of the County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to and from

thence to a Place called IVe, in the Township of Henfall, and (rom PontefraEi to Went bridge, in the Township of Darriagton, in the West Riding of the County of

York-,was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, o e by one; and, up; n the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing rolled.

O

Niithr.ll’s ’Piic House, according to Order, refidved itself into a uo.ee. Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill from ;hc Lords, intituled, An Act 10 dilFo'.vethe Marriage of Thomas Nut/.all Gentleman, with Lucy Scott ins now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuir.ed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counseland Evidence for the Bill, and that no Counsel or Party aopiarcd igaiaft the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Importation The Houserelolved itself into a Co nmitteeof the whole

ot Iron. House, to consider further of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of under their common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported irom the Committee, That

they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, AfTlHants, and Commonalt y, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

You 27.

Ordered, That Mr. Jarrit Smith have Leave to go into the Country for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir John Molesworth have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

The Lord Carysjort, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads between a Place called the While Fuji on Alconbuiy Hill, and Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and between Norman Cross Hill, in the said County, and the City of Peterborough, with respect to the Elections of new Trustees, the Po.ver of compelling Persons, employed by -the Trustees in the Execution of such Acts, to deliver up such Books and Papers relating thereto, as are in their Custody; and also to the Manner of summoning and holding the Meetings of (he Trullees; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question feverailyput thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. DoJd reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the d erm and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King and the other in

the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing ihc Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shiufield and Hcckfield in the several Counties of Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which

they

Red House ne^r Don-

c after Road.

leave of Absence.

Dit<o.

Alconbuiy Hill Road.

Reading to Bafini'stoke Road.

828

A. 1757.

they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Message by Mr. Qu Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Ro»al AITent The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s to BjIU. Commission, for declaring his royal Assent toleveral Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers:

And being returned:

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers: Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the royal Assent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering his royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Duke of Marlborough, the Duke of , and the Lord

dys, named in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, and for better Payment of their Wages; and also an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Woollen Manufacture, and for preventing Dif-putes among the Persons concerned therein; and for limiting aTime for prosecuting for the Forfeiture appointed by the aforesaid Act, in case of Payment of the Workmen’s Wages in any other manner than in Money:

An Act for making the River Blyth navigable from Halesworth Bridge, in the County of into the

Haven of Southwold:

An Act for the ascertaining and collecting the Poors Rates, and for the better ordering and regulating the Poor, in the Parish of Saint in the County of

Middlesex:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the East End of the Town of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, through,

to Broadwater, and from the Town of Ware, through Watton, to the North End of the Town of Watkern, in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the RoadfrornAfar£-fieldTurnpike, in the County of over,

other wise Charnwood, Forthrough the Town of whk, and from thence, through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Afbby de la Zouch, in the said County, comes in from Riley Lane, near to a Place called Snape Gate:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Toxcester, through Silversion and Brackley, in the County

ot Northampton, and Ardley and Middleton Stoney, to

Westou Gate, in the Parish of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for amending, widening, making commodious, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Cross Keys, otherwise Brickeds Barn, in the Parish of ram, in the County of Wilts, to Bath Easton Bridge, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Town of in the County of Hertford, through the Town of Shefford, and Earring-

ton Cotton End, to a Lane opposite a Farm-house called 18

Saint Leonard's, leading into the Turnpike Road from St. Albans to the Town of Bedford; and also the Road from the Turning-out of the aforesaid Road into Field to Gerford Bridge; and also the Road from thtf Town of Henlow, over Henlosto Bridge, to Arlefey, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge, in the Town of Loughborough, to Ashby la Zouch, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for varying and postponing certain Limitations in a Grant, made by King Charles the Second, of a Duty on Coals shipped in the River Tyne, to Charles late Duke of Richmond and Lenox; and for enabling the present Duke of Richmond, Lenox, and Aubigny, to make a

Jointure on his intended Marriage with Lady Mary Bruce:

An Act for settling a certain yearly Sum upon the right honourable Anne Fitzroy, cofnmonly called Countess of Eufon, Wife of the right honourable Augustus Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of , out of certain yearly Pensions issuing out of the hereditary Revenue of the Excise, and comprised in certain Letters Patent bearing Date the Two-and-Twentieth Day of in the

Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in Part of the Jointure agreed to be secured to her upon her Intermarriage with the said right honourable gufus Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Ear\ of Eufon:

An Act for vesting the Estate and Interest late of Robert Cheatham Esquire, deceased, in the Duties granted by certain Acts of Parliament for maintaining a Light-house on the Edyfone Rock, in Trustees, in Trull, to raise Money to be applied towards rebuilding the said Light* house:

An Act to empower the Warden and Society of the King's Town of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of Warwick, to grant Part of a Common, called Sutton Coldfield,

Park, unto Simon Luitrell Esquire, and his Heirs.

An Act to enable Mary Jeffreys, the Wife of Jeffrey Jeffreys Esquire, a Lunatic, and the Committee or Committees of his Ellate, for the Time being, to make Leases of the Parts and Shares of the said Mary Jeffreys, of divers Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon, devised by the Will of Sir William Morice, deceased, during the Continuance of the said Lunatic's Interest therein:

An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing the common Fields and Grounds in the Manor of , within

the Parish of Beckingham, in the county of ;

and for making a Compensation to the Rector of the said Parish for the Glebe Lands and Tythes in Stragglethorpe aforesaid:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common, open, and arable Fields and watte Grounds, in Earlfione, in the Parish of Burghcleare, in the County of Hants.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadows, common Failures, edmmon Gounds, and commonable Lands, within the Township of Piddington, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain common Pastures and common Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Wingerworth, and in the Hamlet of Tupton, in the Parish of North Wingfield, respectively, in the County of Derby:

An Act to enabie Thomas Turner Esquire, and his If-sue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Payler:

An Act for naturalizing John Jacob Thompfons.

Then the Amendments, made to the Bill for enlarging Readii* the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parlia- Bafwgftob ment, one passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, and the other in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, lor repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfield

and

[;r

L>*

'poii

Stj

ic,

hi

3o Geo. IL i 0 dprili 829

tnd Heekfic/d, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Bafgsioke, in the County of Southampton, were feveraily read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Or Joed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ivel Mr. Charles Gore presented to the House, according

Kavigation. Order, a Bill for making the River Ivel, and the Branches thereof, navigable from the River Onze at Temp [ford, in the County of Bedford, to the Town of Hit chin ,in the County of Hertford, and to Black Horse AUll, in the Parish of Bygrave, in the said County of Hertford, and to tire South and North Bridges in the Town of Sheffiord, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the Firtl time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

law* Mr. FaZakerley presented to the House, according to Tfip»fling Order, a Bill to render more effectual the several Laws Highways. n0w jn being for ,j)e Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom; And the same was received; and read the Fir It time.

Uefohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Inquiry The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant rrfprfUng to their Address to his Majesty,

Gen. Stu rt, a Paper, intituled, " Warrant for examining into the &c‘ " Conduct of Major General and Colonels Corn-

" veal I is and Earl of Effiin regard to their not " having joined their respective CommandsAnd lfo,

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the General Officers: appointed by his Majesty’s Warrant to examine into

the Conduct of Major General Stuart, and Colonels , " Cortnvallis and Earl of Effingham, in regard to their not

having joined their respective Commands.*’

~ And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

’ The said Papers are preferred arnongfl the other

Papers of this Session.

iFxbiminjj- Mr. George Oaf ova reported from the Committee, to Road. whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Gcdalming, and the Villages of Mi ford,

\ ley, Thursfiy, Chiddiugfj.’d, and other Places, in the County of Surrey, was referred. That the Committee had examined

the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him

10 report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; an 1 he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards de-Jiv red it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as folknveth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Richard Balchin said, That the Road leading from Godalming, through Hambiedon, to the Boundary Poll which divides the Parishes of and

fold, is very hilly, and in many Places narrow, and leads through several deep and hollow Ways; and that the 1 w idening and repairing, and keeping the same in Repair,

will be attended with a large Expence:

That the Road leading from the Village of Milford,

'' over Black hill Comm on, through Wheeler , Willey

Street, over WormleyHeath, through Tiichbourne Lane and i' Part of Hambiedon Hnrjl.to the said Boundary' Post, is a

more open, level, and convenient Road, and may be repaired, and kept in Repair, at a much less Expence, as Materials may be had nearer, and the Road from Godalming to Milford being at present a Turnpike Road, there will be Id's Extent of Road to repair than from Godahning, through Hambiedon, to the said Boundary Post.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Con-f sideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for amend-

ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading f. Vot. 27.

from Godalming, in the County of Surrthrough to the lop of Dunchton Hill, and from to Stop-

hum Bridge, in the County of Sussex, committed.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to putinExecu- Lea tion the several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road Bridge, from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stamford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, over Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of sex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and ether the Trustees by the said Acts appointed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill depending in the House, for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry; and for making, repairing, and widening,

Roads from thence, into the great Roads at,

in the County of Effix, and at Clapto, in the County of Middlesex; and alleging, that there are Provisions in the said Bill, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will greatly roll rain and prejudice their Trust, and the Powers by the said Acts granted: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, before the same passes into a Law j or to grant them such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con*

deration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it De an Instruction.to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said

Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to High Prie« resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Com, ten consider further of the Report, which, upon Friday the 28th Day of January last, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider further of Ways and Means for railing the Supr ply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Savings out of the Grants, made this Session of Parliament, for the Pay of the Troops of Hanover in the Service of Great,

be referred to the Cud Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next. '

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ra ffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

10 B,

S'

{j

830 T — 4e-

Ordered, That t!ic Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1756, rot provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimateof the Charge for Half-pay to the Staff O.nctrs of the late Garrison of Minorca, for the Year 175", be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morninc next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refulve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider lurlher of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Importation The House resolved itself into a Committee of the of iron, whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, AITillants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had, in the Course of their Consideration of the Matter to them referred, examined several Witnesses; and that they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Wiiere the same were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Liberty granted by an Act of the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of importing Car Iron from His Majesty’s Colonies in America into the Port of London, be extended to the rest of the Ports of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Ail, paired in the 23d Year of his Majesty’s ileign, as directs, that no Bar Iron whatsoever Hull be permitted to be carried Coastwise, unless Mention be made in the Certificate, to be granted for that Purpose, of the Day on which the Subsidies, Customs, Impositions, Rates, and Duties, payable upon the Importation thereof, were paid, and of the Name of the Person or Persons by whom the same were paid, be repealed.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a . Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That an Act, passed in the 23d Year of his pres.-nt Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from his Majesty’s Colonies in America, and to prevent the Kreftion of any Mill, or other Engine, for flitting or r-)||ing of Iron, or any Plating Forge to work with a Tilt i I.immer, or any Furnace for making Steel, in any of the said Colonies, might be read.

And til- fit me was retd accordingly.

Aprilis. A. 1757.

Then the said Refjlution iva-, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. - .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. John P:tty Mr. Nugent, Mr. Sandys, Sir Ellis Cunliffe, Mr. Jerr it Smith, the Lord Strange, Mr. Thynne, Mr, Alderman Bedford, Mr. Of lx aid, the Lord Vi Hiersy Mr* Ridley % and Mr. Alexander^ do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Colonel Haldane have Leave to make a M otion; it being Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House Copies of the Proceedings of the Council of the Island of Jamaica, of the 24th January 1753, relating to Francis Delap Esquire, the present Marshal; and alto Copies of all the Proceedings of the said Council from the 18th 1753, to the 24th of January 1755, both inclusive, containing their Resolutions, or Advice, with regard to the Convening, Prorogation, or Difl'olution, of any Assembly of the said Island, and to the Governor’s giving his Af-sent to any Bills prepared by the Assembly; and to the fending any Messages to the Assembly, relating to the Receiver General of the said Island, and to Dawes Esquire, One of the Members of the Assembly; and also a Copy of the Representation of the Board of Track- o his Majesty, relating to the Differences in the said Island, dated 15 October 1754.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s mofl honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of George William Earl of Coventry, in the County of , in Trustees, in

Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments lying nearer to his Estate in the Counties of

Worcester, Gloucester, and Warwick, to be settled to the

Uses therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna.40 d April; s.

Anno 30" Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

/1i/fR. Sandys reported from the Committee, to wham jLVJL the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Henry W^count Irwin, George Ingram, his Brother, and Charles Ingram, his Nephew, to settle Part of the said Viscount Irwin's Estate, upon the Mar-' riage of the said Charles Ingram; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and so ud the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him lore-port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of George the

elder, and George Chafin the younger, Esquires, in the Counties of Dorset and Somefor Payment of their Debts; and for rendering a Power in a certain Settlement therein mentioned, for making Jointures more effectual;

Jamaica

Atfairi.

Earl of

Ceventn1!

Estate.

Vifcmim

lr*in’i

Efcce.

Crafn’i

ElUifc

30 Geo. II. 40 A prills. 831

arnl for other Purposes; was commuted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the B.ll, ann found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to rctiort die Bill to the House, with-

A

our any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

ILoxky Sir Charles Mur Jaunt reported from the Commit te, to lndoiure. u hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several open and arable Meadow and Pasture Grounds in the Parish of l. y, in the County of Warwas committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bid, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Person lately in Possession of an Ella'C of the Value of £. 20. per Annum, the Title to which is at present undetermined, an Ejectment having been brought against the said late Possessor; and the Per-fen, who brought the said Ejectment, contented to the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and nude several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to reDort to the House; and he read the

l '

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Importation Ordered, That Sir Charles MorJaunt and Mr. Poole be of iron. ac]tieci to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Hesolutions, winch, upon Fridaylaft, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Alfillants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Brijlof, under their Common Seal; and of the other Petitions referred to the said Committee; and were then agreed to by the House.

Spalding A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading Hi-h Bridge frern Spalding High Bridge, through and by

Ro«d. Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Outgang, in the County of

Northampton, adjoiiiing the high Bead there, was read a Second timed

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. t'jt, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Air. Locke, Mr. John

Turks, Mr. Townfoend, Mr. Banket, Mr. Gore, Sir George

Lee, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Lexis, Mr. Poole, Mr. cott, Mr. Dicker, Mr. Air. Mr, Lyf-

ter, Mr. Trijl, AJr. Fedowes, Mr. Mr. Nugent, Mr. Be tees, Mr. Mr. Chariton, Air.

nt ill on, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Mr, Montagu,

' Mr. Sandys, Mr. Boone, Mr. More, Mr. Calvert, Sir John Cud, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Drake, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. , Mr. Affleck, Sir Francis Dashzvosd, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Powell, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Mr. Dodd,

Mr. Sh elley; and all the Members w ho serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, Nottingham. Norfolk, and Cambridge: Anti they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lofei v A Petition of several Persons, who have a Right of lodoture. Common in a large Tract of common Marsh, or waste Land, called the Pcafe Marfk lying in several Parishes within t he Hundred of Gin the County of rey, whose Names ate thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are the Land Owners, Tenants, or Occupiers, of several Farms, Lands, or Tenements, situate in the said Hu ndre-d, and have, for Time immemorial, been entitled Vol. i].

to, and have used and enjoyed, a Right of Common for Sheep, and all Kind of Bead and Cattle, without Stmt, on every Part of the said common Marsh, or waste Land, and particularly on that Part thereof which lies in the Manor o\ Lofeley, in the Parish of St. Nicholas, Guildford, at all times of the Year; and taking Notice, that Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing in to Severalty such Part of the said common MarQi as lies within the said Manor of Lofeley, and Parish of

St. Nicholas;Guildford; and alleging, that the Petitioners

have all an ecual Bight with the Seven Persons, who,

/ u

the Petitioners are informed, signed the Petition for the Inclosure, to the Benefit’of Common on every Part of the said Marsh, and are convinced that the inclosing thereof will be very' prejudicial to the Petitioners, their Estates and Possessions: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that the same may not pass into a Law,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Edward Smith presented to the House, according Wimefwould to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Corn- Inclosure. mens or Waites, and also several common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and walle Grounds, lying within the Manor of Wimefwould, in the County of And the

lame was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Walter Blackett have Leave to go Leave into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc- of Absencti cafions.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the War* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ,n<* ^ean* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House;

.which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 7 -

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds out cf such Monies as shall or may arile of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Rla-jesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Nineteen thousand Four hundred and Sixteen Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, being the Savings out of the Grants, made this Session of Parliament, for the Pay of the Troops of Hanover in the Pay of Great Britain.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the Mailers and Owners of Ships, and of Enconra«e-several of the Inhabitants, of the Sea Pert of Scarborough, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto sub- "

Bribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, the Inhabitants of the same Port, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a great Number of Seamen belonging to the said Port are employed on board his Majesty’s Fleet, whole Wives and Children have nothing to subsist. on, for Want of the Wages due to the said Seamen, and are become very burthensome to the said Inhabitants: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to red re is the above-recited calamitous Circumstances; or that the Petitioners, and the others for whom they have petitioned, may have such further or other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr,

833 4° Jprili 1757.

Supply. Mr. Chari ton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

the Resolufion, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

H efolved.That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eleven thousand Five hundred Seventy Pounds P Vnetcen Shillings and Seven Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 1756, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Dapdon Mr. Budge* reported from the Committee, to whom

Whiirf the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through Guldef, to Alford Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary's Gate in Aruudell, in the County of Sussex, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr. Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

Vince’s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Eft*16* veiling Part of the real Estate of Henry Chivers Vince

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for railing Money todilcharge the Debts and Incumbrances directed to be paid by a Decree of the Court of Chancery: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Kew A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Counties of

Bndje. Middlesex and Surrey, was presented to the House, and

read; alleging, That if the Bridge intended to be built cross the River of Thames, from Old Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the County

ef Surrey, was to be built at a Place called the Foot Ferry, inllead of being built at the Horse Ferry, as is proposed by the Bill depending in the House, the same would be of much greater Convenience and Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying the House, That the said Bridge may be built at the said Foot , or as near thereto as conveniently may be.

And the Names subscribdd to the said Petition were also read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of several of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, of the Market Town of Uxbridge, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parts adjacent thereto, residing in or near the Roads leading to a certain Passage cross the River of Thames, from Old Brentford, in the said County, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, called Kew Horse Ferry: And allb,

A Petition of several of the principal Gentlemen, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parts adjacent, near a certain Passage cross the River Thames, from Old Brentford, in the said Count}-, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, called Kew Horse Ferry, and rcliding

in or near unto the Roads leading thereto, and frequently passing and repassing over the fame; And also,

A Petition of several of the principal Gentlemen, Land Kew Biidj* Owners, and Inhabitants, of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, and the Parts adjacent thereto, residing in or near the several Roads leading unto a certain Passage cross the River of Thames, from Old Brentford, in the said County, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, called Kew Horse Ferry: And also,

A Petition of several of the principal Gentlemen, Land Ditt*. Owners, and Inhabitants, of the Hundred of in the County of Middlesex, residing in or near the fevc*

ral Roads leading unto a certain Passage cross the River' of Thames, from Old Brentford, in the said County, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, called Kew Horse Ferry-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is depending in the House to enable Robert Tunfiall Gentleman, to build a Bridge cross the River of Thames, at the said Horse Ferry, or as near thereto Westward as conveniently may be'; and alleging, that a Bridge built at that Place will be a great Advantage not only to the neighbouring Parts of the County, but also to the mo(t distant adjacent Counties: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Reading granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the B , toft, 4th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George,

and the other in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parillies of Shinfield and Hec in the several

Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southa, to Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, one passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King , and the

other in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Parishes of Shinfield and Heckfield, in the several Counties of Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Dodd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for empowering the Guardians of Henry Lord Arundell of Wardour, and Thomas Arundell, his Brother, both Infants, to make Leates and Copyhold Grants of their fe- . veral Estates, during their respective Minorities, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Northey,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Finney, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fa- . zakerley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Butler, Mr.

More, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Freeman, Sir George Lee, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Frowfe, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Bathurfi, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Brude-nell. Sir Willoughby Afion, Mr. Ridley, Sir Richard venor, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Pellowes, Mr. Symonds, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Trifi, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Charlton, Sir Wm.

Beauchamp ProTor, Mr. Yorke, Sir Armine Wodehouse,

Mr. Townshend: and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, Wilts, Somerset, Southampton, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Answw Address of Friday last, That his Majesty would be gra- toAddreiii ciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies therein f°f mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded

%o Geo II.

AlconHiry

Hill

Hoads.

Jamaira

Affair*.

4° — 5°

833

manded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

An ingrafted Bill for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads between a Place called the White Pofi on Alconbvry Hill, and Wanf-

ford Bridge, in th County of H, and between Norman Cross Il.il, it; the said County, and the City of

Peterborough, with respect to the Elections of new Trustees, the Power of compelling Persons employed by the Trustees in the Execution of such Acts to deliver up such Books and Papers relating thereto, as are in their Custody; and also to the Manner of summoning and holding iVTfty ' the Meetings of the Trustees; was read the Third time. a^e '

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads between a Place called the White Post on Alconbwry Hill, and Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and between Norman Cross Hill, in the said County, and the City of Peterborough, with respect to the Elections of new Trustees, the Power of compelling Persons employed by the Trustees in the Execution of such Acts to deliver up such Books and Papers relating thereto, as are in their Custody; and also to the Manner of summoning and holding the Meetings of the Trustees

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisi-ing the Supply granted to lus Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 5* die Aprilis;

Anno 30" Georgii II4* Regis, 1757. Praters.

THE Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whole

o Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Pro-

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry the Bill to prietors of Land within the Bounds and Precincts of the

Importation of Iron.

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according Order, a Bill to extend the Liberty, granted by an Act, of the 13d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of importing Bar Iron from his Majesty’s Colonies in America into the Port of London, to the rest of the Ports of Great Britain; and for repealing a Clause in the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 74th Davsof and the

17th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, re

several Parishes or Townships of Ramsey, Bury, Wiflozv, Warboys, Farceit, Stand Ground, and Water Newton, within the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the JJle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, in behalf of them-lelves, and the rest of the Owners there, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Pi-tit ion; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. ' ’

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Rickard Batson said, That there are certain low Grounds, Fen Lands, and Commons, within the said Bounds and Precincts, which are subject to be overflowed,

1 at ing to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of and are thereby rendered of little or no Value; but are

" " ' ‘ ’ capable of being drained and greatly improved, which

will be a great Advantage to the several Proprietors.

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the several Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, Wif-tow, Warboys, Farceit, Stand Ground, and Water Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the of Ely, and County of Cambridge: And that the Lord Carysfort and Mr. Edward Montagu do prepare,

Jamaica;and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee;

The House was moved. That the Entries in the Journal of the House of the 19th and 28th Days of February 1701, containing the Proceedings of the House, with respe ft to a Petition of William Freeman Esquire, might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Copy of an Address of the Council of the Island of Jamaica to his Majesty, dated the 23d of and bring in, the fame. October, 1756: And also.

The Copy of the Examinations taken in the Council of Jamaica, transmitted along with the aforegoing Address, under the Seal of that Island: And also.

The Copy of an Address of the Council of Jamaica to the Lieutenant Governor of the said Island, transmitted at the same time with the aforegoing Address; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of

February, and the 17th Day of March, in the last Session

of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 27.

" nty

vey.

Way*

and Mean*.

Supply.

Ramsey

Drainage.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red House, near to

Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Deztfbury High Town and Lightcliff, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Township of Henfall, and from Pontefrabl to Went-bridge, in the Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 12. To leave out "of," and insert " in:" I.. 13. After " Ireland," to insert " John Daw-

Red House near Doncalier Road*.

L. ult. After " Hugh," to insert " Stanhope Har-

Pr. 5. L. penult. After " Southern," to insert " the younger:"

Pr. 8. L. 15. To leave out aforesaid:"

10 C Pr. 14.

834 50 April is.-^.1757.

Pr. T4. L. 14. After " the," to insert " Pavements " of the:"

Pr. 37. L. 5. To leave out " meet," and insert " be " held:"

Pr. 40. L 5. To leave out " a Division," and insert " District:"

Pr. 57. L. 39. To Leave out '* Certificates or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red Ho, near to

and through the find Town of by Deaf jury

High Town and Light cliff to the Town of , in

the West Riding of the County of and the other

for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Town ship of Henfall, and from to Went bridge, in the

Township of Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York,

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tapers The jfoufe being informed, That Mr. Wood, from the

Admiral*" Office of One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of Bvn^. State, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Fox to the Lords of the Admiralty, dated - - 4th 1756:

Ditto - <0 Ditto - - 27th March, 1756:

Ditto - to Ditto - 7th May 1756:

Ditto - to Ditto - 10th May, 1756: And also. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Secretary Fox to the Lords of the Admiralty, - 4th, 1756:

Ditto - to Ditto - - - Ditto 29.

Together with the Lists of the said Copies.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

VTcuunt An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Irwin’s for impowering Henry Viscount Irwin, George Ingram, Estate. his Brother, and Charles Ingrain, his Nephew, to settle Part of the said Viscount Irwin’s Estate upon the Marriage of the said Charles Ingram; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr. Ho ford:

Mr. Speaker,

Recruiting The L°rch have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the Land to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed this Session of Par-Forces. liament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, without any Amendment: And also,

Woiflumpeote The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^c- for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields, com-CiO ure. mon pa(\ures> common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wolfhampeote, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also,

F d/ord The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Manor of in the County of

York, without any Amendment: And also,

BHhnptliorpe The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Inclosure. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for

he dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadow Grounds, and Common or Waste, in the Township of Bishopthorpe, in the County of the City of York-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And alto.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to SWi impower Sir John Shaw Baronet, to make a Partition, dilates, during the Minority of John Shaw, his iiuant Son, of certain Premises deviled to him by the Will of Dame Anna j

Maria Shaw Widow, deceased: To which the Lotds desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Medengers withdrew.

r

t'

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Merchants, and E-'CO’.ira^C'nr:; principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Great Yarmouth, in ot Seamen, the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is ordered to be brought in for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in his 1

Majesty’s Navy, and for establishing a regular Method j

for the punctual, speedy, and certain. Payment of their 1

Wages; and for preventing Frauds and Impositions attending the fame; and alleging, that the Petitioners are 1

of Opinion, a Provision for the allotting same Proportion of the Pay of Seamen in his Majesty’s Navy to the Support of their Families in their Ableuce, and the limiting the Time such Seamen should be obliged toi’erve, would greatly contribute to take off that A vet ft on, which too many of them entertain to enter voluntarily into the public Service: And therefore praying, That a Bill, wirli thde or such other Provisions as to the house lhaij teem meet, may pa(s into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Encourage the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, Captor* with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in wf^ize‘ this Kingdom: And that Mr. Nugent, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Pole, and Sir Ellis do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wtlbv's for confirming the Title of William Welby Esquire, to fctUtt. I certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of coin, purchased of Francis Fyflier Esquire; and for vetting and settling other Estates of the said Francis in the; (

said County, upon the Trusts and for the Purposes therein I

mentioned; was read a Second time. j

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir

Cujl, Mr. Muir, Sir William Irby, Mr. Mr. j

Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Flore, Mr. , Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Lane, Mr. York:, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Potle, Mr. FeHowes, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Nor-they, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. viall, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Bitagen, Mr. Poole, Mr.

Hamilton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townfitend, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Symond, Mr. Trifi, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Smith, Lord Bateman,

Mr. Medlycolt, Lord Downe, Mr. Lyster, Mr. tafion,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Gibbous, Lord Ca-jaidi/h,

Mr. Gulf!on. Lord Shelburne, Mr. Lord Dup-

plin, Mr. Buller, Sir Edward Walpole, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Dodd, Colonel Fitzwilliams; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, York, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vince’* I for vesting Part of the real Estate of Henry Estate.

Vince Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances directed to be paid by a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Persons £^*'"5 who shall attain, orattempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by falle or untrue Pretences; for the preventing

the

pifVmrer

amO! gtl Citi'c.

I vcl

Improvement

cf

Charing

Crol*.

30 Geo. II. 50 Jp835

the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Appeutices; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bid be committed to a Committee of I he whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Baron presented to the House, according to Older, a Bill more effectually to prevent the fpveading of the Distemper now raging amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for making the River Ivel, and the Branches thereof, navigable from the River Ouze at Tempi ford, in the County of Bedford, to the Town of Hite kin, in the County of Hertford, and to Black Horse Mill, in the Parish of Bygrave, in the said County of Hertford, and to the South and North Bridges in the Town of in the County of Bedford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Cere, Mr. Charles Towufield, Mr. Lee, Sir Cor del Fire-brace, Mr. Spencer, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. John Calvert, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Nichefon Calvert, Sir Thomas Mr. Hayes, Sir Matthew Lambe, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir George Lee, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Cust, Mr. Coventry, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bowes, Sir John Ilynde Cotton, Mr. Brand, Lord Strange, Mr. Lord Mr.

IVebb, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Charlton, General Cornwallis, Mr. Symonds , Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyjler, Mr.

Medlycofl, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Gas.rv; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford, Norfolk, Huntingdon, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1

Major General Cornwallis reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which" was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Wefmto the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was referred; and who were empowered to receive Proposals from Persons who would undertake, by Contract, to widen the Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall-, That the Committee had received Proposals accordingly; and had directed him to report a State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, together with the said Proposals annexed, to the House; and he read the Report and Propokds in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read.

The said Proposals, and also several Plans thereunto annexed, are preserved amongst the other Papers of th is Session; and the said Report is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Fasts contained in the said Petition is

as follows:

By an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge were empowered to open and widen, in such Manner as they should think proper, all the Ways, Streets, Avenues, and Paffagrs leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, Westminster Haand the Courts of Justice

there, and Westminster Bridge; and that out of all or any

of the Supplies granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 17.56, there should be paid to the said Commit-(loners the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, to be applied towards purchasing Houses and Grounds for widening the said Ways, and making more laic’and commodious the Street', Avenues, anJ Passages, aforesaid, and the Payment cf other Incidental Charges and Expences attending

Vol. tj.

the Execution of the several Trusts reposed in them by that and former Acts.

Then the Minute Book of the said Commissioners was produced, and several Parts thereof were read; whereby it appeared, That the said Commissioners had met, and considered what Methods would be the properest for carrying the said Act into Execution;, and were of Opinion, that it would be proper, in the First place, to open and widen Part of the Street leading immediately from Charing Cross towards Whitehall; and that they therefore caul’ed a Plan of the said Street to be made; and, after inspecting and perusing the fame, were further of Opinion, that it would be necessary to purchase, and become possessed of, the Freehold and Inheritance, of all the Buildings, Houses, Grounds, and Estates, situate between the Wdt Side of the said Street leading from Charing Cross and the East Side of another Street called Spring Garden, and between the South Side of a Street Way or Passage called Passage into Spring Garden and the North Side of certain Houses, Buildings, and Walls, belonging to his Majesty’s Office of Admiralty; and that the said Commissioners thereupon ordered their Surveyor to make an Estimate of the Value of the several Premises to be purchased by them as aforesaid; and that such Estimate was made accordingly; whereby it appears, that, on a moderate Computation, the total Value ct all these Premises amount to the Sum of£.25,344:

That the said Commissioners, finding the said Estimate amount to so large aSum, they then dire died another Estimate to be made of the Expence of purchasing (b much only of the said Premises as would beablbl utely necessary for opening and widening the said Street leading (eomC/iaring Cross, so as to make the narrow Part thereof of an equal Breadth with Parliament Street, and to leave Ground besides sufficient for erecting a Row of Front Houses next to the said Street leading from Charing Cross, distinguishing in that Estimate how much such Expence would amount to, exclusive of leaving Ground for erecting the said Row of Front Houses; and that such Second Estimate having been made, it thereby appeared, that the Expence of purchasing only so much of the said Premises as would be sufficient to open and widen the said Street, and to leave Ground for the said Row of Front Houses, is computed at £. 18,634; and that deducting the reout the Value of Ground for erecting the said llow of Front Houses will reduce the same to £.11,402.

And the said Commissioners observed.That in case all the above-mentioned Premises, estimated at £.25,344, were t,o be purchased, they would be thereby enabled to use so much thereof as should be necessary to open and widen the said Street in a commodious and handlome manner; and the remaining Ground, which would be proper for building handsome new Houses thereon, might be fold, or let on Building Leases; but if it should be deemed more proper to purchase only so much of the said Premises as are comprised in one of the said lesser Estimates of£.18,634 or £.11,402, the said Commissioners apprehend, that either of those Purchases would be Disadvantageous to the Public, and the remaining Premises unpurchased would in all Probability be incapable of being made into an uniform Range of Building.

Mr. John Simpson, Surveyor to the Commissioners of

Westminster Bridge, being examined, confirmed the Observations made by the said Commissioners; and added.

That he had estimated the Value of Mr. s

House, which he valued at £.1,13 7, and thinks the yearly Rent may be worth about £.100; and that in this Calculation he had made no Allowance for any Exemptions from Taxes, and other Dues, ulually chargeable on Tenants; and that he would undertake to build and finish a new House, in all respects like Mr. 137,

exclusive of the Rooms which Mr. Ramsden has over the old Gateway.

Mr. Holden, being examined, said. That he had estimated the Value o( Mr. Ramsden’% House, and that he had made it in the same Manner as he did in the Valuation

*j6 5* — 6'

tion of other Houses; and that he never heard of any Exemption from Taxes being considered in the Valuation of Buildings: and that he thinks it might be built for£. 1,137, exclusive of the Rooms over the Gateway.

Mr. William Robinson, being examined, said. That he

bad valued Mr. Ramsden'% House at between n and £. 1200 and that, including the Rooms over the Gateway, he thinks the same worth about £. 120 ,

which, with the Benefit of all Exemptions from Taxes, and other Dues, he apprehends Mr. Ramsden cannot be ceinftated for less than £. 2,000, and he produced a Plan of the said House, which is hereunto annexed, Appendix, N* t.

Samuel Seddon, Esquire, informed your Committee, That beftdes the several Sums necessary to make such of the Purchases as shall be deemed proper to be made, further Monies will be requisite, to enable the said Commissioners to defray several other incidental Expences attending the Execution of the" Powers repdfed in them by the said Act of the last Session.

Then Mr. James Malian and Mr. John,

Builders, feveially produced to your Committee Plans of the Ground which may be proper to be made use of for widening the Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall, and also their several Proposals for carrying such Plans into Execution; which Plans and Proposals are hereunto annexed, Appendix, N* 2 and: And,

Ja)nes Lambeand George Dixon Esquires, Proprietors or Lcfiees of certain Messuages or Tenements which may be thought proper to be made use of for widening the said Street between Charing Cross and ,pro-

duced to your Committee Two Papers, containing a State and Value thereof; and representing, that they are willing to contract, with Trustees to be appointed for widening the said Street, for the Purchase of the Whple of their laid Estates, or for such Part thereof as shall be thought proper for the Purposes aforesaid, and to undertake to rebuild the remaining Part of the Premises pursuant to such Plan as shall be made for that Purpose; which Papers are hereunto annexed, Appendix, N® 4 and 5.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Confederation of a Committee of the whole House.

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 18th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider of the said Report.

Aveand Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to Harbour* w m ^e Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers ur granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the County of Kent; and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its ancient Goodness; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners the several Merchants, and Owners of Ships, of the City of , who petitioned the House against so much of the said Bill as relates to the Harbour of Ayr; and also the Counsel for the said Bill, against the said Petition; were called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of several Merchants, and Owners of Ships, of the City of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed on behalf of themselves, and others, was also fead. '

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition.

And then the Counsel for the Bill was heard; and exa-20

’ Aprilis. A. 1757.

mined several Witnesses, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard, by way of Reply j

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second time.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tcllm for the Yea, j ffag. G°} 51.

Teller, for the Noe, j Gm}

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Amendments were accordingly read a Second time: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, J<m ir» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Alfau*‘ consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of

February, and the 17th Day of March, in the last Se(lionof Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and of the other Papers rcieired to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 6° die Aprilis;

Anno 30* Georgii II41 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

MR. Veitch reported from the Committee, to whom Gtaljnw

the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers grant- Roa<1* '

ed by an Act passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his

Srefent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several loads leading into the City of so far as the fame relates to certain Roads mentioned in the said Act; and also to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, and to repair several other Roads leading into the said,

City; and for building a Bridge cross the River of Inchin- j

nan; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, w'iih the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the '

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the cumbfr'id Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Win-Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cumberland, in the room of Sir William Fleming Baronet, deceased.

Ordered,

30 Geo. II. 6° Aprilis. 837

Bofliney Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Wm* Clerk of 1 he Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess 10 serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Boffiney, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the honourable Edwin Saudys Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted 1 he Offce of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office ot Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Huntingdon Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Huntingdon, in the room of the right honourable John Lord Carysfort, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Godalming Mr. Butler reported from the Committee, to whom Road. the ftp; for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Godalming, in the County of Surrey, tUro.gh Pet worth, to the Top of Dunflon Hill, and from Penvcrth to Stop ham Bridge, in the County of Sussex, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Report to them referred, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Godalming, and the Villages of Milford, IVit ley, I'hurjley, Chiddingfold, and other Places, in the County q{ Surrey, was referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fevrral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Cow Cau fey Roads.

Strenfa! * Jr.clolur

West Matfen Inclosure.

Pocklington

Inclosure.

Hearle’# and others Estates.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr.

Hof ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high Road leading from the North End of the Cow CauJty, near the Town of

upon Tyne, to the Town of , and from thence to

Suckton Burn, in the county of ; and for making the same more effectual; without any Amenlment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of common Ground in the Manor of Strenfail, in the County of Yorkr; and for giving Compensation to the Prebcndary of Strenfail aforesaid, and his Farmer, and the Vicar of Strenfail, in lieu of their respective Tythes, and ecclesiastical Dues, out of the said Parcel of Ground; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Town Fields of West Matfen, and a fniall Common or waltc Ground

thereto adjoining, in the County with*

out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing and rendering effectual Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and common Grounds in Pocklington, in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Mary Hearle Widow, Thomas Hearle Clerk, and John Rogers Esquire, G uardians of Margaret Hearle, Jane

\OL. 27.

Hearle, Betty Hearle, and Harriot Hearle, Infants, to make Leases of several Estates in the County of Cornwall, and also Setts and Leases of the Mines therein, and to carry on Adventures, during the Minority of the said Infants: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Ofzvald, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

1. Extract of the Journal of the Council of the Island of Jamaica, of the 14th of January 1753, (Containing their Proceedings relating to Francis Delap Esquire, late Provost Mai dial of the said Island:

2. Copy of the Journal of the Council of the Island of Jamaica, of the 18th of October 1753, containing their Advice with respect to the Governor’s giving his Assent to Bills prepared by the Assembly, and to the Prorogation of the Assembly:

3. Copy of the Journal of the Council of the Island of Jamaica, of the 31st of October 1753, containing their Advice with respect to the Governor's giving his Assent to Bills prepared by the Assembly:

4. Copy of the Journal of the Council of the Island of Jamaica, of the 14th of November 1753, containing their Advice with regard to the Governor’s fending a Message to the Assembly, relating to the Receiver General of the said Island:

5. Copy of the Journal of the Council of the Island of Jamaica, of the r 6th of November 1753, containing their Advice w'ith regard to the Governor’s fending Mef-sages to the Assembly, and to the Prorogation of the said Assembly, and likcwil'e their Resolution relating to the Receiver General of the said liland:

6. Extract of the Journal of the Council of Jamaica, of the aoth of November 1753, containing their Advice with regard to the Prorogation of the Assembly of the said Island:

7. Extract of the Journal of the Council of

of the 21st of November 1753, containing their Advice with regard to the convening of the Assembly of the said Island:

8. Extract of the Journal of the Council of the Island

of Jamaica, of the 5th of August 1734, containing their Advice with regard first to the Prorogation, and afterwards to the Dissolution, of the Assembly of the said Island: '

9. Copy of the Journal of the Council of the Island of Jamaica, of ti e 8lh of November 1734, containing their Advice with regard to the Dissolution of the Assembly of the said Island:

10. Copy of the Journal of the Council of the Island of Jamaica, of the 21st of January 1735, containing their Advice with regard to the Governor’s fending a Message to the Assembly relating to James Dawes Esquire, One of the Members of the said Assembly:

11. Copy of the Journal of the Council of the Island of Jamaica, of the 24th of January 175 J, Containing their Advice with regard to the Dissolution of the Assembly of the said Island:

12. Representation of the Board of Trade to his Majesty, dated the 13th of October 1734, relating to the Differences subsist.ng in the liland ot

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, ot Jamaica-, and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee.

The said Papers are preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

10 D Mr.

Jamaica

Affair?.

Ci

En coungin Captms of Prize*.

Bagfter’s

Etlaur.

Weobly

Writ.

Account of Seamen in I7SJ-6.

Papen

( receding Minorca.

Loid

Trevor’*

Estates.

Chasm'i

F.itates.

838 6° Aprilis. 1757.

; Mr. Nugent preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for (he Relief and Encouragement of the Capers of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the Fi.-lt time.

Rfohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Earl Fancy reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Tythes and Hereditaments in the Isle of Wight, the Estate and Inheritance of Thomas Bugs ter Esquire, a Lunatic, in Trustees, to be sold, for difi-charging Incumbrances aftedling the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobly, in the county of ,

in the room of Savage Mojlyn Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the lloyal Navy, from the 31st of December 1755, to the 31st of December 1756, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters which were received by any of his Majesty’s Ministers, his Majesty’s Secretary at War, or Adjutant General, from Lieutenant General relating to

the Hland of Minorca, from May 175?, to the Time of the Surrender of St.Philip’s, Castle.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Char Its Gore do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging ’John Lord Trevor, Executor of Thomas Lord Trevor, deceased, from the Sum of Eight thousand and Eight hundred Pounds, agreed by the said Thomas Lord Trevor to be laid out in the Purchase cftLands; and for confirming the Application made by the said John Lord Trevor of the said Eight thousand and Eight hundred Pounds, towards the Discharge of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds charged on the Manor of Bromham, and other the Estates late of the said Thomas Lord Trevor, in the County of Bdford-, was committed.

Mr. Charles Gore accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tine; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that he was directed to report the B 11 to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the lettkd Liiatcs of the elder,

and George Chef s the younger, Esquires, in the Counties ot Dorset and Sumerjet, for Payment of their Debts; and 17

for rendering a Power in a certain Settlement therein mentioned, for making Jointures, more effectual; and for other Purposes; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lozvudes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to extend the Liberty granted by an Act of the Importation 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of im- of iron* porting Bar Iron from his Majesty’s Colonies in America into the Port of London, to the rest of the Ports of Britain-, and for repealing a Clause in the said Act; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to render more effectual the several Laws now Law* in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the refi-eftin^ public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, Hi-hw-ijr*. was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to High Price resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Corn, Jf-consider further of the Report, which, upon the

28th Day of January lad, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, the 22d Day of this inllant resolve itself

into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to w.ys resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' to and N«» consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 18th Day of this instant April, resolve itself inro the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 18 th Day of this instant Aprils resolve itleif into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly ot Jamaica, and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Monday Scvennight, the lSih Day of this intlint April, reloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers;

The H <ule divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tcliers for the

Mr Cooke, Mr. Ranke:

} 4»-

Telle is

Jamaica

Atfairs.

Account of Time of Receipt of ceram Papers.

lari of

Coventry *s Estate.

Lea

Bridge,

30 Geo. II. 6° — 70 Jp839

n- v c vr (Colonel Gnffn, 7

Icl’err far IhcNoM,)^ \ 9l.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House rel< lved itlelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took (he Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred: and that he was directed by the Committee to move, Thar they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the 23th Day of this instant April, reioive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further

of the teverai Papers which were prdimted to the House upon the iStii and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, in the lad SdTion of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and ct the other Papers referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the levered Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Menu ay Fortnight, the 25th Day of this inltant April.,

Ordered, That Mr. Nor they have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain do lay before this House, a particular Account of the severalTimes at which the several Letters, and other Papers, containing Intelligence, Cr pies whereof were by them laid before this House upon Tuesday the 22d Day of March last, were respectively received at the Admiralty Office.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 70 die Apr ills;

Anno-30* Georgii JIdl Regis, 1757. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of George William Earl of Coventry, in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments lying nearer to Li > Estate, in the Counties of Worcester, Gloaccjier, and IVanmck, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Coventry, Sir F) 'ancis Drake, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proflor, Mr. Gore, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. IVilk inf on, Mr. Proivje, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Wefphaling, Mr. Lozvtides, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Yorke, Mr. More, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Fellozves,. Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Gyb-bon, Mr. Sxmonds, Mr. Tri/l, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Starkie, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Brijiowe, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Cocks, Sir John Turner, Mr. Tucker, Colonel Lee, Mr. Martin, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. George Onslow, Mr. John Marlin, Sir John Cuf, Mr. Olmius; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Warwick, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Committee had considered the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Stanford Hill, and cross Cambridge Heath, oxter Bethnal Green, to the Turnpike at Mile End, in the County of Middlesex, whefe Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other the Trustees by the said Acts appointed, referred to the said Committee; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Lveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bin', with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qiullion severally put thereupon, were, with fever.'i Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Affleck reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill h r enlarging the Term, and amending and altering several Powers, granted by an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of Southzvold, in the County of Suffolk, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. IVaple and Mr.

Hoiford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Kibble, between the Town ships of Prefm and Penwortham, near a Place called the Fish House, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and walle Grounds, in the Manor and Lordshipof Priors Marston, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have pa fled a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the honourable Charles Hopt Weir Esquire, with Ann Vane his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part or the real ICllate late of George Davison, deccatedftn

O J ’

Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Pnr-chatcn> or Mortgagees thereof, or unto Lien othe r ITrLn or Persons as the Court ot Chancery Iha ichreft: To which

Mr. Cooke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy s Ferry; and for making, repairing, and widening. Roads from thence, into the great Roads at Snarefbrooke, in the County of Essex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex j was committed, That the Vol. 27.

the Lords define the C incurrence ot th.s House.

Anti then the Mdangers withdrew.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill lor dividing and inclosing certain open and c minion Fields lying within the Panlh or Township of Morton, other wile Morten Morrell, in the County of Warwick,

was

Soutiuvold

Haven.

Rib'olc

Bridge.

Priors

Marston

Inclosure.

Hope Weir* Divorce.

Davison’s

Estate.

Moron I,.do. up*.

840

7° April

A 17 57-

wi$ committed, That the Commit-tec had examined the Allegations of the B it, and tound the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to t lie Bill, to the Satiswftion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made fe-ver.il Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hita to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dapdqn An ingro<Ted Bill for repairing and widening the Road Wharf from the N-.rth End of Dap Jon in the Pari fh

Road. Stoke next Guldeford, through , to Alford Bars,

in the County 01 Surrey, and from thence to Mary's Gate, in ArundelI,in the County of Sussex, was read the Third time.

Refohed\That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dap Jon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through Gold ford, to and to

Alford Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to

Saint Mary's Gate in A run del I. in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Budgen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Loxley An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosurr. open and arable Meadow and Pasture Grounds, in the Parish of Loxley, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing several open and arable Meadow and Pasture Grounds in the Parish of Loxley, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jtnpertation A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Iron, of Cheffer was presented to the House, and read; repre-fenting to the Hou e the many Advantages which the Petitioners allege will arile from allowing the Importation of Bar Iron from America Duty-free into the Out-Ports: And therefore praying. That Bar Iron from North America may be allowed to be imported Duty-free into ail tr.e Out Ports ol Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Godalming An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping Roads, in Repair, the Roads leading from ,in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top ot Dunckto'i Hill, and from to Stopham Bridge, in

the County of Sussex, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were leveraily propefrd to be made to the Bill; viz.

In the Lift of'Jruftees to put the Act in execution, to insert " the Right honourable Percy Earl of in

" the Kingdom of Ireland, Peter Bun ell Esquire, R ichard Billinghurff Gentleman, John Coleman Gentleman, John Ide Gentleman, Thomas Saundeffon Clerk, " PhilipUndershall Gentleman, James Gentle-

" man."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Village of Mi ford ,in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of Dunckton HU, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Butler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Mary llearle Widow, Thomas Hear/e Clerk, and John Ropers Esquire, Guardians of Margaret Hear/e, Jane Hearle, Betty Hearle, and Harriet Hear/e, Infants, to make Lealcs of several Estates in the County o and also Setts and Leases of the Mines therein, and to carry on Adventures, during the Minority of the said Infants, was read the Firfk Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Maw's in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Honourable Henry Conway Esquire, win, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of tire Grooms of his Majesty’s Bed-Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and continued by several Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Harbour of Dover, in the Countvof and for restoring the Harbour of Rye, in the County of Sussex, to its antient Goodness; was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yea

{Mr. Che

’( M r. W)

Tillers for the Nnes.JSo it passed in the Negative.

j 44*

j92.

Vice Admiral Bofcazven, from the C >mmissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of an Extra# from Captain Nathaniel Pigram to Mr. Wood, Secrerary to the Commissioners of the Customs, dated at Ryey ift September \~j53 — Received at the Admiralty Office the 3d September 17

2* Extra# of a Letter from Vice Admiral Smith to Mr. Clevland, dated in the Downs, 10th October 1755 — Received the 11th October 1755; inclosing.

Copy of a Letter from Captain Parker, of his Majesty’s Sloop Cruizer, to Vice Admiral Smithy dated in the Do:vnsy 9th October 1751;:

3. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Fernon, of the Lyme, to Mr. Clevland, dated off UJit ant y the 1 ith March 1756 — Received 18 March 1756:

4. Extra# of a Letter from Captain Graves^ of his Majesty’s Ship Sheerncfs, to Mr. Clevland\ dated in Mount's Bay, the 15th March 1756 — Received 18th March 1756:

5. Extra# of a Letter from Vice Admiral Smith to Mr. Clevlandy dated in the Dozvnsy the 18th March 1736 — Received 19th March 1756.

6. Copy of a Letter from Captain Scrope, of his Majesty’s Ship the Dolphin, to Mr. Clevland\ dared at Mahon Harbour, 20th April 1736 — Received 26th May *756:

7. Copy of a Letter from Captain Edgecnmbe to Mr. Clevland, dated on board his Majesty’s Ship the Deptford, in Gibraltar Bay, the 2d May 1756 — Received the 26 A-/r?y 1756; inclosing,

A Copy of the Resolutions of a Council of War held on board his M.ije'lv's Ship Deptford a: Port Mahon, 19th April 1756: And a:lb.

Copy of a Refilution of a Council of War held on board his Majesty’s Ship Deptford, the 20th April 1756.

Vice Admiral Bofcazven also, from the Commifli iners for executing the Office of Lord. High Admiral of Great

Jii ititin,

HratVs ami ofheri Efhte*.

St. Ma*’i Writ.

Rve

and Dover Harbour*.

resp-Ming Admiral Byng.

4

P;

rtff

Ac

B

L

of A

E"co Ca of I

a]

1

j

>cl

ia;

Papers

respecting

Admiral

8yng.

Leave of Absence.

Encouraging Captors of Prizes.

Embargo c»n Ships, 2 Mar. 1756.

State of Dock-yards in 1756.

30 Geo. II. 7° Aprilis. 841

Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° r. An Account shewing the Number of Men established on each of the Ships of the French Squadron, which failed from Toulon under the Command of Monsieur dc la Galliffoniere, the 12th April 1756:

Extracted from a general Lift of the French Navy — Received in the Year 1753:

2. A Lift of the Names of the Ships under the

Command of Monsieur Le Conipte la ,on

the 20th May 1756; with their established Number and Nature of Guns:

Extracted from a general State of the Marine of France — Received in the Month of , 1755:

3. Extract of a Letter to Mr. Clevland, dated at Ge~

tioa, the 27th March 1756----- Received 12th of April

1756:

4. A Lift of the Squadron at Toulon, under the Command of Monsieur de la GalliJJonicre:

Extracted from a State and Disposition of the Marine of France, on the 21st March 1756 — Received 16 April 1756:

. Extract of a Letter from Captain Hervey to Mr. Clevland, so far as relates to Monsieur Le Compte de la Galliffoniere's Squadron — Received 7th May 1756:

6. Extract ot a Letter to Mr. Clevland, dated at Genoa, 17th April 1736 — Received 12th May 1756:

7. A Copy of a List of the Fleet thar failed from Toulon, the 9th April 1756, under the Command of Monsieur Le Compte de la GalHJJoniere — Received the 26th May 1756;

8. A Copy of a List of the Fleet that (ailed from Toulon the 12th April 1756, under the Command of

Monsieur Le Compte de la Gallijjoniere----- Received 29

May 1756:

Together with Schedules of the said Papers.

Vice Admiral Bofcawen also, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Ships, Number of Men, Number of Guns, and Weight of Metal, on board each Ship in Admiral Byng*s Squadron, on the 20th of May last.

And the said Schedules, and ailo the Title of the said Account, were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Account are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Ctovule have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing of Prize Goods in this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Fortnight, the 22d Day of this instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gracioutly pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of his Majesty’s Order in Council, of the 2d Day of March 1756, lor laying a general Embargo on all Ships and Vessels in the Kingdom of Great Britain and , in

order to the more speedy Manning of his Fleet.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Vol. 27.

of the Number of Ships and Sloops, with their Rates and Tonnage, that were repaired and repairing, built and building, in the King's and private Yards; together with the Numbers launched and completed; between the jft of January 1755, and 30th of April 1756.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the Number of Artificers and Labourers in his Majesty's several Dock and Rope Yards, on the ift January 1755, ill January 1756, and 31st March following.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Manning shewing the Directions given by the Commissioners for the Fleet executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great in *755 6-Britain, for procuring of Men to man the Fleet, as well as the Methods taken for the more speedy Equipment thereof, between the ill January x733, and 31st of March

*756-

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Jamaica Majesty, That he will be gracioutly pleated to give Di- Affair*. rections, that there be laid before this House,

A Copy of a Proclamation of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, for the Encouraging of Planters in his.

Majesty’s I (land ot Jamaica in the West Indies, bearing Date on or about the 14th Day of December, in the 13th Year of his Reign:

Copies of all the Journals and Minutes of the Council and Assemby of the Iflind of Jamaica, preceding the Time that Sir Thomas Lynch Knight, was appointed Governor thereof:

Copies of all the Commissions appointing Captains General, Governors, Lieutenant Governors, or Commanders in Chief, of fht I (land of Jamaica, from the Appointment of Sir Thomas Lynch Knighr, to be Governor of the said Island, to the Appoint ment ot Edward Trelaivney Esquire,

Governor thereof, both inclusive:

A Copy of the First Instruct 10ns that were given to any Governor, or other Commander in Chief, ot Jamaica, directing him not to give his AlTent to Bills of a new and extraordinary Nature, unless a Clause (liould be inserted in such Bills to suspend the Execution thereof till they should receive the royal Confirmation:

Copies of the Titles of all tuch public Acts (if any such there be) passed by the Legislature of the Island of Jamaica, with the Time of their passing, in which a Clause hath been inserted to suspend the Execution thereof till such Acts have received the royal Confirmation:

Copies of the Titles of all such Acts passed by the.

Leg'stature of Jamaica, with the Time of their passing, which nave been transmitted from that Island, and had not received the royal Confirmation or Dilallowance, before the 25 Day of March 1747.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by lueh Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Sir John Turner presented to the House, according to wiggenhall

Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Marsh Damage, and Fen Lands, and L.ow Grounds, in the Parish of Wig-gen hall St. Mary Magdalen, in the Coumy ot Norfolk:

And the same was received; and read ti e F rit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to shaw'* impower Sir John Shaw Baronet, to make a Partition, during the Minority of John Shaw, his infant Son, of certain Premises deviled to him by the Will of Dame Anna Maria Shaw, Widow, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Hope Weir’* difiolve the Marriage of t he honourable Charles Hope IVeir Esquire, with Anne Vane, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

10 E Mr.

l>4t‘n Roads

Ghfj^ow

University

Ecnclactions.

BaeOict

Roads.

JUmfcy

Drainage.

Thames

Fiihtry.

842

i8b Apr ills.

a: i 757.

Mr. Bathwft preferred to the I louse, according toOr-

der, a Bill for clean ling, paving, and lightening, the Streets of the City of Bath, and Liberties thereof, and for regulating the Chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well-regulated Watch in the Night-time in the said City and Liberties; and to oblige all Owners of Houses, and other Buildings, within the said, City and Liberties, to bring down the Water from the Roofs of their Houses, and other Buildings, by proper Pipes down the Sides or Walls of such Houses and Buildings; and also to oblige all Coal Carriages to pass by the Borough Walls of the said City, during the Night Season: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

‘ Mr, Muir reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for regulating and improving certain Benefactions vested in the Rest or, Principal, Proleflors, and Matters, of the University and College of was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after.yards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once re d throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,' were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ing-offed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of Hants; and also the Road from Bagshot to a Place called the Golden Farmer; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found thefametobe true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time,.one by 'one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Edward Montagu presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the several Pari (lies of Ramsey, Bury, Warboys, far ceil,

St a:; Around, and WaterNeivton, in the County of Hun-

ling Jon, and of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely, and County of* Cambridge: And the same was received; and read

the First time. ....

Eefclved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

- -The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectyalPrelerva- lion and Improvement of the Pry and Spawn of Fish in the River of Thames, and Waters of Medway; ancf for the better regulating the Fishery thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that, the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him - to report to the I louse; and he read the Report in his Ih-ce; an 1 afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Aincnd-m.'.uts, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments

were once read throughout; and them a Second time, orie by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were, with an Amendment to One" of them, agreed to by the House: And several Arriehdments wire made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Felloives reported from the Committee, td whom D,iran^>s

the ingrossed Bill from ihe Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat. naturalizing John Dufade, was committed, That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report thfe Bill to the House, without any Ari^endment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk‘s *Table

An ingrossed Billfrom the Lords, intituled, Ah A'ft Da»ifon’« for veiling divers Messuages, Lands, artd Hereditaments,

F*art of the real Estate late of George Davison, dece&fed, in Trustees, to enable them to convey the fame1 to the Purchasers or . Mortgagees thereof, or unto such other Person or Persons as the Court of Chancery shall direct, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a' Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Attaining night, the 18th Day of this instant April, resolve itself Goods by into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for fr*ud-the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by falle or untrue Pretences; for pie venting the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the e’afy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaining in public Hduiesby Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices.

And then the House adjburnecf till Monday Sevennight, the 18th Day of this instant Nine of the Clock in the Mofning.

Lunce, 18° die;

Anno 30° Georgii IIJi Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

A BILL for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Bath Roads.

Streets of the City of Bath, and Liberties thereof and for regulating the Chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well-regulated Watch in the Nighttime in the said City and Liberties; and to oblige all Owners of Houses, and other fiuildirtgs, within the said City and Liberties, to bring down the Water from tire Roofs of their Houses, and other Buildings, by proper -Pipes down the Sides or Walls of such "Houses and Bbild- ' ings; and also to oblige all Coal Carriages to pats by the Borough Walls of the said City, during the Night Season; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Attorney

General, Mr. Puller, Mr. George Onslow, Sir Hild-

.yard, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Edward Herbert, Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Brudenell, Mr . Mr. Fotie-reau. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Hammond, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Mr.

Vernon, Mr. More, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. , Sir

fardel Fire brace, Mr. Potter, Mr. MrRankes,

Mr. ’dkqvncey Townshend, Mr. LockMr.' Jitter, 'Mr. Lewis, 'Sit-.Thomas Robinson, Mr. Affleck, Sir Poole, Mr. Faugh an, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr. Ly-

fter, Mr. jfiedlycott, Mr. Olmius, Mr Air.

col, Mr. Pye, Mr- Chetwynd, Mr. 'Monta Cunliffe,' Mr. Haipilton, Mr. Gafkry, Mr. Symonds, Sir Robert Tong, Mr.’ Campbell, Mr. Pond, Mr. Townfloend,

Mr.' Nugent, Mtf Amcotls, Mr. Gore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, and Gloucester And they are meet this Afternoon at five of the Ciotk, in the Speaker's Chamber. .

Ordered,

Geo. II.

18 " Apr

343

V’iffou

Wfj{.

Ordered, That Mr. Sneaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wilto, in the County of , in the room of the honourable William Herbert Esquire, deceased.

Shaw'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eft ate*, to empower Sir Johnthazv Baronet, to make a Partition, during the Minority of John Shaw, his infant Son, of certain Premises devtfed to him by the Will of Dame Anna Maria Shaw, Widow, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cordel Fir e brace, Mr. Vernon, Mr. More, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Willoughby , Mr. inge, Sir Robert HUdyard, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. George Mr.

Air. Hanger, Sir Charles Tynte, Mr. Sir

WWiutnCalvert, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Filey, Mr. Oimius, Mr. Lord Strange, Mr.

Martin. Sir John Cuff, Mr. Sir Thomas,

truer, Mr. Pye, Mr. CharlMr. Mr. Gore, Mr 7rjjt, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colebroohe, Sir Robert Long, Mr. 7ooLH/kend, Mr. WilkinMr. Budgen, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Sir Richard

Lioyd, Mr. S\ mends, Mr. Court may, Mr. , Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Gaj/try, Me Palmer, Mr. AI die or 1/1, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Grey, Mr. Mr. Calvert; and all

the Members who lerve fertile Counties ot Suffolk, Cambridge, Fffex, Norfolk, and York-, and for the City of London: And they are to meet rids Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the- Speaker’s Chamber.

Portsmouth

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerlf of the Crown, to make out a new' Writ, for the Electing of a $urgtF to leave in this present Parliament for the Town of Portsmouthin the County of South amp-ton, in the room of Sir William Rowley JC.night of the . moll honourable Order of the Bach, who since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing die Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Vince’* An ingrossed Bill from rt>e Lords, intituled, An Act Ethic. for vesting Pan of f e re.il Estate of Henry Chivers Vince Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, t be so lb d for railing Money to dil’charge the Debts and Incumbrances directed . lo be paid by a Decree of the Court of Chancery* wa? read a Second time.

Resolved, Tl at the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bankes, Mr. A'German Bet hell, *Mr. Gybbjtt, Sir Cordel FirebraceMr.' Sir John

Cuff, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. More, Mr. Fuller, L rd Strange, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Affl.ck Mr. Qlmius, Mr. , Mr.

Coventry, Sir Willogul.byAffon, Mr. Bat huff. Sir Ellis Cunlffep~Mr. Townsherd, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Prozvfe, Sir Robert HUdyMr. Palmer, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Hilly, Sir Thomas Palmer, Mr. Mr.

Samuel Martin, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. George Onffow, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Hammond, Mr.

Mr. Gafhry, Mr. -Lewis, Mr. Ofwa/d, Sir John Ru/h-out, Mr. Scott, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Hamilton, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Foley, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Pitt, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr.

A ledlycott, Mr. Sy mends, Mr. Alar tin, Mr. Nugent-, and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of , Dorset, Somerset, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

mthwold An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term, and amend-ilavea. ing and altering several Powers, granted by an Act, made in the coth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven ot Southwold, in the County of Suffolk, was read the

Third time.

:V-ol. 27.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for enlarging the Term, and amending and altering several Powers, granted by an Act, made in the 20th Year of hb pre-fm< Majesty’s Reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of wold, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Affleck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Mefliuges, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the real Ellate late of George Davison, deceased,: in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers or Mortgagees thereof, or unto such other Person or Persons as the Court of Chancery shall directj was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ridley, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Craffer, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Prowse, Mr; Muir, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Felloives, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Bankes, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Affleck, Lord Strange, Mr. Hard inge, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Poole, Mr. More, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Smith, Mr. Scott, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Budgen, Mr Cooke, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. George Onffow, Air. fvlr.

Gybbon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Bond, Mr. Vaughan, Lord

Powerfcourt, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Leveson Goiver, Mf.

Campbell, Mr. Veitch, Mr. Pye, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bat huff, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Mr. Hanger,

Mr. Wcff, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gwynn, Mf. Lockyer, Afr. Colebrooke, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Talbot-, and all the Members who serve tbr the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, Weffmoreiar.d, York, and Dur-

ham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. f

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

A Paper, intituled, " Copies — Letrersfrom Lieutenant " General Lord Blakeney to the right honourable Lord " Viscount Barrington, his Majesty’s Secretary at War, " relating to the IlLnd of Minorca, from 1755, to " the Time of the Surrender of St. Philip's Castle."

And the Title of the said Pape.' was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House. ’

The said Paper is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers gramed by an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several. Roads leading into the City of so far

as the same relates to certain Roads mentioned in the said Act; and also to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, int ituled. An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgozo, and to repair several other Roads leading into the said City; and for building a Bridge crols the Raver of hichinnan; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, lo tar as the same relates to certain Roads mentioned in the said Act j and also to enlarge’the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 26th Yaar of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow,

and

Da*ifon’j

Elba*.

Paper

respeAng

Minorca.

Glasgow

Road*.

KHate.

Hearle's, and other Estates.

State of the F/eet in J7JJ-6.

844 18’ Aprilis. A. 1757.

and to repair ll-verai other Roads leading into the said City; and for building a Bridge cross the River of Imkmnan.

Ordered That Mr. Muir do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Tythes and Hereditaments in the I He of Wights the Estate and Inheritance of Thomas Bagster, Esquire, a Lunatic, in Trulfees, to be sold, for discharging incumbrances affecting the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned? was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Earl Verney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Billfrom the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Mary Hearle Widow, Thomas Hearle Clerk, and John Rogers Esquire, Guardians of Margaret Hearle, Jane Hearle, Betty Hearle, and Harriet , Infants, to make Leases of several Estates in the County of Cornwall, and also Setts and Leases of the Mines therein, and to carry on Adventures, during the Minority of the said Infants, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Strange, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Coventry, Sir John Mr. Yorke,

Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Potter, Mr itaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Mr. Felloutes, Mr. Tr/Jl, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wtiles. Lord Downe, Mr. Lyster, General Cornwallis, Mr. Northey, Mr. Moore, Mr. Curzon, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Pitt, Sir William Beauchamp Proflor, Mr.

Lo d Poxverfcourt, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Delaval, Lord Hobart, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Harris, Mr. Fonereau, Lord George Sackville; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornawll, Devon, Somerset, and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vice Admiral Bofcawen, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Ships and Sloops, with their Ratesand Tonnage, that were repaired and repairing, built and building, in the King’s and private Yards; together with the Numbers launched and completed; between the id January 1755, anc^ 3°£h A liS^: And also.

An Account of the Number of Guns, Weight of Metal, and Number or Men, on board his Majesty’s Sloop the Fortune, on the 20th of May last, under the Command

of Admiral Byng: And also,

A particular Account of the several Times at which the several Papers containing Intelligence (Copies whereof were, by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, laid before the honourable House of Commons upon Tthe 2ad Day of March last), were respectively received at the Admiralty Office; And also,

An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the royal Navy, from the 31st December 1755, to the 31st December 1756, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the said Service: And also,

An Account shewing the Directions given by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for procuring Men to man the Fleet, as well as the Methods taken for the more speedy Equipment thereof, between the ill 1755, and 3*

March 1756: And also,

An Account of the Number of Artificers and Labourers in his Majesty’s several Dock and Hope Yards on the ill January 1755, ill of January 1756, and 3xft of March 1756.

And the 'Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the royal Navy, from the 31st December 1755, to the 31 ^.Decem 1756, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service; is as followeth: And the rest of the said Accounts are preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

J!

*6

31'

*1

- "?

i 10

N Navy Office, 7 Am ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the royal Navy, from 7th April 1757.3 the 31st December 1755, to the 31st December 1756, upon a Medium of each Month;

distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service: Prepared pursuant to an Order from the honourable House of Commons, dated 6th April 1757.

fmpnjT

rflh

Crc

f fcdfci

Sop;

1

Durade’s

Nat.

30 Geo. II. 18® — 19" Afrilis. $45

An ingrossed Bill from, the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Du read the Third time. 'Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment,

SpalJing Ordered, That Mr. , Mr. , Sir Matthew

High Br'.dge Lambe, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Road. Webb, Mr. Leveson Cower, Mr. , Mr. Aider-

man Bedford, Mr. Bacon, Mr. be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High , through

Li/tieworth, and by Fand over James Deeping

Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Outgang,

in the County of Northampton, adjoining the high ltoad there, is committed.

Leave Ordered, That Sir Thomas have Leave to (lay

of Absence. at the Bath, lor the Recovery of his Health.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. r

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* Attaining resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Good* by the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Persons *raud. who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Pofiession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawing of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Mart is, 190 die;

Anno 30® Georgii II" Regis, 1757.

D ft.mper A Bill more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the am. ngft Disteuper now raging amongst the horned Cattle in this Cairle. Kingd om, was read a Second time.

Ref lied, That the bill be committed.

Re/ilved, Thztthe Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

R.foried, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

V. Helved, That an humble Address be presented to his irfpffti.-g Majesty, That he will be graciously picafed to give Di-Miuorca. rest ions. That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders given to any Officer or Officers, absent upon the Civil hllablidiment, to repair to their Duty upon the Island of Minorca, from the 30lh Day of August 1755, to the 30th Day of April 1 736.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Mafeity, That he will be graciously plealed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all such Officers of the Civil or Military Establishment of the Iflanrl of Minorca, 01 of the Garrison of Fort St. Philip's, as were at any time, and at what times, absent from their Duty, from the 30th Day ot 1 753, to

the yo-h of April 1 75O.

Ordered, That the iaid'Addresses be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Prayers.

A/T R. Northey reported from the Committee, to whom Lord .1A J. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. An- Arundell’* Act: for impowering the Guardians of Henry Lord Arm-dell of IF ardour, and Thomas Arundell, his Brother, both,

Infants, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of their several Estates, during their respective Minorities, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and _ . that the Party concerned had given her Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the' Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge over the River Led at'or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for- Bridge, making, repairing, and widening. Roads from thence, into the great Roads at Snarejbrooke, in the County of F.ssex, and at Clapton, in the County of , was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa(s: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge over the River at. or near a Place called Jeremy's Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening, Roads from thence into the great Roads at Snarejbrooke, in the County of Essex, and at.

Clapton, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords*, and desire their Concurrence.

Ditto.

Improvement of L'haring Crois.

Wiv*

ajid Means.

Supply.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of :.il such Orders as have been given in the Years 1755 and 1756, for railing any Company or Companies of Miners, for the Service of Minorca; as also such Orders as may 1 ave been given to fuel) M iners to embark for the Island of Minorca-, together with the Time of their Departure for that Service.

The Orders of the D’.v being read;

Pc'c'ved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, rctoive isleif into a Committee of the whole House, to OMifider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge crois the lover ‘Thames, from the City of to the

opp' lit e Shore in the County of Surrey, was referred; ar,d who were impowered to receive Piopofals from Redons, v. 1... j would undertake, by Contraft, to widen the Stieet leading from Charing Crop towards Whitehall.

Re/lived, That this House will, upon IVcdnefdayMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee ot tint whole House, to cor. iiei cr further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this I Ioufe will, upon Morn-

ing next, re Live itself into a Committee of the whole \ ot. yj.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hope Weir’*

to dissolve the Marriage of the honourable Charles Hope Divorce. IVeir Esquire, with Anne Fane, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejclved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, rtTolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Nuthall'a difiolve the Marriage of Thomas Nut hall Gentleman, with Divorce.

Lucy Scott, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon to carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

10 F Sir

190 Jpr

4- 1757

Welby*! Sir John Cu/l reported from the Committee, to whom , *^*,ek the ingrossed Bih from the Lords, intituled, An Act For confirming the Title of William Wdby Esquire, to certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of purchai'ed by Francis Fyjher Esquire, and for veiling and settling other E dates of the said Francis Fyjher, in the said County, upon the Trulls and for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-n ittee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendmenc: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Answ ir The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their toAddress several AddreHes of the 6‘h, 7th, and 18th Days of this *"' instant April, That his Majesty w'ould be graciously pleased to give Directions, That the Copies and Account therein mentioned might lie laid before this House, had been presented to his Majestyj and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he would give Directions accordingly.

The Lord Bateman presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrvfs to his Majesty,

Embargo Copy of Ids Majesty’s Order in Council of the 2d on Shipi, Day of March 1756, for laying a general Embargo on sd March all Ships and Vessels in the Kingdom of Great Britain ' and Ireland, in order to the more speedy Manning of his Fleet.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Eadttoaft The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act near Don- for enlarging the Terms and Powers gr nted by Two imHer Road, several Acts passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Hoads from a Place called the Red House, near Doncafie to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wak.field, by and

Light cliffe, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Hiding of the County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to and from thence to a

Place called Wecland, in the Township of , and

ffom PoHtefraR to Went bridge in the Township of

rington, in the Well Hiding of the County of without any Amendment: And also,

Alconbury The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hill Road, for explaining and amending feverat Acts of Parliament ' for repairing the Hoads between a Place called the

Toft on Alconbury Hill, and Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and between Norman Cross in the said County, and the City of Peterborough, with respect to the Elections of new Trustees, the Power of compelling Persons employed by the Trustees in the Execution of such Acts to deliver up such Books and Papers relating thereto as are in their Custody , and all’o to the Manner of summoning and holding the Meetings of the Trustees j without any Amendment: And also,

Read’n" <0 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ifhfiBgftolce for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts Road. of Parliament, one paired in the 4th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, and the other in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Crown Corner, in the Town of ng, leading by and through the several Parishes of Sbin-

field and Heckfield, in the several Counties t>f Berks, Wilts, and Southampton, to Basingstoke, in the County of South-

ampton, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Ao-oimtof count of the Number of Nominees upon Survivorship, that have died between Midsummer 1693, and the 5th of XTrthf*

January 1757.

Colonel Haldane presented to the House, according to Wrftminfar Order, a Bill for the better paving the public Sq tares, Sueet*. Streets, and Lanes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Precinct of the Savoy, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto; and for keeping the same in Repair for the future: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Montgomerie to enable Lilias Montgomerie, of Sto lell Lands ®a"-in the County of Renfrew; and to lay out the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of Lands contiguous to other Lands of the said Lilias Montgomerie, in the County of Air; and for other Purposes therein mentioned was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats.

Ordered, That Mr. Veitchdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do carry to the Lords the Qodalmin ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Road, -Repair, the Roads leading Irom the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Petworth, to the Top of DitnBon Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of all such Officers of the Civil or Military Paper*

Establishment of the llland of Minoror of the Garrison r*fe*fli<* of Fort St. Philip's, as were absent from their Duty the w<,rci» * l ft of February: And also.

Copies of all Orders given to any Officer or Officers, absent upon the Civil Establishment, to repair to their Duty upon the Wand of Minorca, from the 30th of Au-gufi 1755, to 30th of April 1756.

The Lord Barrington also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Extracts of Letters from the Secretary at War to the Earl of Home, commanding the Forces at Plymouth, dated the nth and 14th May 1756,relating to the Embarkation

of a Company of Miners for the Mediterranean.

The Lord Barrington also presented co the House, by his Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of 6,544 Foot of the Troops Hessian. of the Landgrave of Hesse Cafjel, in the Pay of Great Bri- Troop*. tain, from the 2~th of April 1757, to the 27th of May following, both inclusive, being 31 Days.

And the Titles of the said Papers and Estimate were read.

The said Papers are pTeferved amongst the other Papers of this SessionAnd the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

So Geo. II. 194 Aprilis. 847

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 6, 544 Foot of the Troops of the Landgrave of in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 27 th of April 1757, to the 27th of May following, both incJufive, being 31 Days.

Numbers.

Pay of Eight Battalions of Foot - -- 6,544

263 Days, from the 6th of AugttJI 1756, to the 26th of April 1757. of the highest Subsidy of 300,000 Crowns, in lieu of Pay for 1,400 Cavalry -

£., i. d. 11,667 18 ijJ-

52,014 11 t

Total

63,682 10 — §

War Office,. 19th April 1757.

Barrington.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Diflill.ition A Petition of the Mayor and Alderman of the City of from Com. Rrijlol, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the uncommon Scarcity of Corn in this Kingdom; and alleging, that, unless the Time for importing foreign Wheat Duty free, as well in neutral as Bottoms,

is enlarged, and the Distillery restrained from purchasing and using Wheat and Meal, whilst it bears lo high aFrtce, and such other Regulations be made to prevent the Dear-net's ot Bread in future, as to the House should seem meet, the Petitioners humbly apprehend, that, even with a tolerable Crop the entiling Harvest, all Grain will bear a high Piice: And therefore praying the House to take the Trendies into Consideration, and to make such Pruvtfion therein as shall seem meet.

Biao. A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, A idants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Brifcl, under their Common Seal, was also presented to the H ule, and read; repi dinting to the House, That 1 he Price of Corn 11 ill incrcaies, and the Dif-trcfllsof the Pooraie become more and more grievous; and alleging, that the Petitioners appreitend the Diddling ot Wheat is one very great Cau e of the } relent high Price of Corn; and that if wojld be of great Use toefta-bJiili one uniform Weigiit, by which all Corn and Meal in general should be fold throughout the Kingdom; and further representing to the House, that a large Importation of foreign Corn is abfoiuteiy necdTury; for which Purpose the Liberty of importing Corn Duty-free should he extended beyond the 24.; h Day of And there-

fore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such further Provision therein as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions (except such Part of the lad Petition as relates to the telling of Corn and Grain by Weight and Measure) be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions, except what relates to the Selling of Corn and Grain by Weight and Measure, as aforesaid.

St.fe rfMi- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

iM.na, a»d resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Admiral consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 22d Day of last, from the

u ° Commissioners for executing (he Office of Lord High Ad-

miral of Great Britain; and also of the several Papers, which Were presented to the House upon the 21 ft Day of March last, from the Offices of his Majesty’s Two principal Secretaries of State; and also of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 4th Day of March last, from the Office of his Majesty’s Secretary at War; and also of the Account of the (Quantity of military Stores in the Garrison cf St. Philip's, in the llland of on the ift Day of January 1756, no State thereof having been received since that time, which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of March last; and also of the Paper, containing an Account where Lord Robert Bei tie's Regiment was quartered when it was ordered to

Vol. 27.

march to Pori/mouth, when it came there, and what Regiment of Regiments were then in Quarters in that Place; or in the Neighbourhood thereof; all Orders sent to the said Regiment, relative to its Embarkation on board the Fleet commanded by Admiral Byn the Returns of the

laid Regiment at the time of its Embarkation, and for a Month previous thereto; as also Copies of the Secretary at War’s Orders to General Fowke, relating to the putting on board Admiral Byng's Squadron a Battalion from the Garrison of Gibraltar, and the Date of the Receipt of those Orders; which was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of March last.

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, be- Call of the ing read; House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Attaining to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- Goods bf on the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Persons Traud* who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of N Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the State of Mi-House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole "ore* *"d House, to consider of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the aid Day of March last, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain; and also of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 21 It Day of March last, from the Offices of his Majesty’s Two principal Secretaries of State; and also of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 4thDay (

of March last, from the Office of his Majesty’s Secretary at War; and also of the Account of the Quantity of military Stores in the Garrison of St. Philip's, in the Island of Minorca, on the ill Day of January 1756, no State thereof having been received since that time, which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of March last; and also of the Paper, containing an Account where Lord Robert Bertie's Regiment was quartered when it was ordered to march to Portsmouth, when it came there, and what Regiment or Regiments were then in Quarters in that Place, or in the Neighbourhood thereof; all Orders sent to the said Regiment relative to its Embarkation on board the Fleet commanded by Admiral Byng j the Returns of the said Regiment at the time of its Embarkation, and for a Month previous thereto; as also Copies of the Secretary at War’s Orders to General rela-

ting to the putting on board Admiral Byng's Squadron a Battalion from the Garrison of Gibraltar, and the Date of the Receipt of those Orders, which was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of March last*

Ordered,

848 19 — 20°

Ordered, That the said several Papers and Accounts, find also all such other Papers and Accounts, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, as relate to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designs of the Frenchi to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War; or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Mediterranean; and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Island of Minorca, during the Years 1755 and 1756; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House relbfved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers and Accounts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 20° die;

Anno 30* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

State HPH E House being informed. That Mr. from

ot Minorca. the Office of one of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of a Letter from Lieutenant General Blakeney to Sir Thomas Robinson, Minorca, 26 August 1755 — Received September 30.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers and Accounts presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designs of the French-, to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War; or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Medite; and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Island of Minorca, during the Years 1755 and 1756.

The ffid Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Glasgow An ingrafted Bill for regulating and improving certain University Benefactions vested in the Rector, Principal, Professors, Be»efartions. and Mailers, of the University and College of was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating and improving certain Benefactions vested in the Rector, Principal, Profefi'ors, and Mailers, of the University and College of

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

NcnliMims, ^’c Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Ac. afoertoiu, c.labhlb, and confirm, the Boundaries of the

Ii.clolure. Manors and Pari flics of Mims and Northaw, so

jams the same extends to and upon the several Commons raised Ncr'thMims and Northazv Common, in the County of Hertford: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of tlus House.

Aprilis. A. 1757.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said ingross'ed Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wrlbv’* for confirming the Title of William Esquire, to cer- Eflaic.

tain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Lincoln, purchased by Francis Fyjher Esquire, and for veiling and settling other Estates of the said Francis in the said County, upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered,.That Sir John Cust do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Marquis of Granby presented to the House, ac- Bunion cording to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving cer- Drainage, tain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the ' ‘ Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sam's Drain-, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conlervators of the said Great Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Cashiers of the Bank of England do Account of forthwith lay before this House, an Account of the Sub- Suble^Ption‘ feriptions made there, pursuant to a Resolution of this £.2,500,000. House, of the 14th Day of March 1757, for railing £. 1,500,000 for the Service of the Year 17^7; together with the Sums remaining in their Hands of such Subscriptions.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons or, WimefVould Wastes, and also several common Fields, Meadows, Inctoiurc. Pastures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of Wimefwould, in the County of was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Smith,

Mr. Kvnaflon, Mr. Medlycott, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Lyjler, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Mr.

Pitt, Colonel Lee, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Mr.

Amcotts, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Tewnjhend, Lord Strange, Mr. Gore, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Colebrooke, Mr. Trift, Mr. Powell, Mr. Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Fonereau, Mr.,

Brudenell, Mr. Campbell, Sir Charles Kemys Mr.

Charles Townshend, Colonel A"Court, Mr. White, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. BayntuMr. Dodd-, and all the Members who llrve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottingham, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Iir.pnrtatio* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon. ®t' Iron, the Bill to extend the Liberty granted by an Act of the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of importing Bar Iron from his Majesty’s Colonies in America into the Port of London, to the rest of the Ports of Great Britain-, and for repealing a Clause in the said Act;

A Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Proprietors, Owners, and Fofieflors, of Coppices and Woodlands in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read ;taking Notice,

That a Bill is now depending for admitting American Bar Iron Duty-free into all the Ports of this Kingdom, which, if passed into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend must be attended with numberless ill consequences both of a pub--, lie and private Nature; and representing several Hard-ships which the Petitioners allege they shall be subject to in particular: And therefore praying, That either the Bill now depending may not pass, or that some Provision may be made therein (or othenvile, as to the House shall feern-meet) for relieving the Petitioners from the Prefi'ure of.

jo Geo. II.

20

o

Apn

s.

nta Act of Henry the Eighth (which obliges, under fe-vere Penalties, the Owners of Coppice Woods to preserve them) by permitting them to fell and grub up their Coppice Woods, in order to a more profitable Cultivation of the Soil, without being rest rained from io doing by the Fear ot interested or malicious Prosecutors; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themfe'ves, or their Count'd, if they shall think tit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the: Confederation of the said Committee.

The House %vac moved. That the Third Section of the said Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, The Bill for the Preservation' of Woods, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

O -> t

The House was alto moved, That the 18th Section of an Act. made in th.e tjth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing-certain Statutes, might be read.

And tire same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an In (truer ion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Claulefor repealing so much of the said Act, made in the 35th Year of the Reign of King Henry the 8th, intituled, The Bill for the Preservation of Woods, as prohibits the Conversion of Coppice or Underwoods into Pasture or Tillage.

Then the House rjuived iticlf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the food Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. jc din Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair, -v Mr. Jo'..v Pitt reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, julitm the House will p'.ease to receive the same.

Ordered, That she Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

O

Wjvs The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Mta«s. resolve 'itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ot Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Maidiy;

Rejol-ved, 'Flint this House will, upon Friday Morning next, rdblve itilif into the said Committee.

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing ana Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported; and also upon such Corn,y Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom.

And Mr. Nugent moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time; the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported; and also upon--such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom: And that Mr. Nugent, Sir John Philipps, and the Lord Strange, do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Tly^House rciblved itfelfintoa Committeeof the whole' State House, to.consider further of the several Papers and Ac- Minorca: counts prel'ented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the 'Motions or Designs of the Frcn/Ir,to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War; or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Medite; and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Island of Minorca, during the Years 1755 and 1756.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Referred, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, reloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confiber further of the said P ipers and Accounts.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow"

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Supply.

The O nier of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conliJer further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refulved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, reloive itself into the said Committee.

Diflil’nt’on . The House, according to Order, rcfblvcd itself into a from Corn. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petitions which were Yesterday presented to the House, relating to the present high Price of Corn.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nugent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nugent reported from the Committee, That they had contidcred the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act ol this pre-lent Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making ot low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour.

An l Mr. Nugent moved tire House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing an Act, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohioit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour: And that Mr. Nugent, Sir John Philipps, and the Lord Strange, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Im ora'ion Mr. Nugent ^ilfo reported from the Committee, That < Cora- they had oireCied him also to move the House, That . VOL. *7.

Jovis, 2i° Aprilis;

Anno 30° Georgii II. Reg's> 1757- '

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Wilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Nominees upon Survivovthip, that have died between Midsummer 1693, and the 5th January 1757.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Nominee!

upon

Survivorship,

1693.]757.

Mr. IVhdchcot reported from the Committee, to whom B»mburgV the Bill for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Inclosure. Grounds, and Meadojvs, in the Manor and Parish of Baumber, otherwise Hamburgh, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwardsdeliveredthe Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one;

10 G ( . - and*

5° Apritis.A, ii$y.

and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, 1 bat the Bill, with the Amendments, be in*

grafted.

Account of The House being informed. That Mr. Race, one of the

SUbforPtMm ^a^‘ers l^e Bank of England, attended at the Door;

£.*,£00,000. He was ‘ca^e^ *n> anch at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Subscription taken at the Bank of in pursuance of a

Resolution of the House of Commons, of the 14-th *757, for raising £.2,500,000, for the Service of the Year *757*

And then he withdrew.

And the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Importation Mr. Nugent presented to the House, according to Or-of Corn. ^er, a for continuing an Act of this present Session' of Parliament, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported; and allb upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render Law* more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways Hloftwa>fc and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair-

Sir John Philippstook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again. 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to improvement resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge crols the River Thames, from the City of WeJlntinJle to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was referred; and who were impowered to receive Proposals from Persons who would undertake, by Contraft, to widen the Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morriing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Distillation Mr. Nugent presented to the House, according to Or-from Corn. ^er, a £[£ for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ramsey . A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands Drainage, and low Grounds in the several Parishes of Ramsay, Bury, IViftow, War boys, Farceit, and Water New-

ton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Montagu, Sir John Armitage, Mr. Prowse, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Strange, Mr. Cocks, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Lord Euston, Mr. Mr. Bankes,

Mr. Lewis, t Sir Lionel Pi/kington, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Hanger, Mr. More, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Whichcot, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Kynaftori, Mr. Fe/loives, Mr. Yorke, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Francis , Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Northey, Mr. Hnffey, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Trift; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Norfolk, Northampton, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Enconr»«ment Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to of Seamen. Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in his Majesty’s Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, speedy, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions attending the fame; And the same was received: And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes:

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a at

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Importation Report from the Committee of the whole House, to of iron-whom the Bill to extend the Liberty granted, by an Act of the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of importing Bar Iron from his Majesty’s Colonies in America into the Port of London, to the rest of the Ports of Great Britain; and for repealing a Clause in the said Act;

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Stare . to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mmorct» to consider further of the several Papers and Accounts presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designs of the French; to Preparations made, and Orders given,

for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War; or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Mediterranean; and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Hland of Minorca, during the Years 1755 an<^ 175^»

Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Copies of all such Orders as have been given in the Years 1755 and 1756, for raising a Company of Miners for the Service of Minorca.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said Copies, was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the said Committee.

1 he said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr-

Clmrtar

Ho*.fe

JLlUtcs,

30 Geo. II. 2i# — 220

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred , and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejoined, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refo'.ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers and Accounts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1eneris., 2 2° Aprilis \

Anno 30° Georgii IP' Regis, 1757. Prayers.

MR. Bayntunreported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Charter-house, to sell and convey the Manor of Black/oft, and divers Lands and Tenements,

in ti e County of Turk; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, for the Benefit of the said Hofyital; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfiflion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without ary Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Jprilis. 851

C

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Officers belonging to the Garrison of who were removed into other Corps, between the ill October 1755, an^ the February 1756.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Officers absent from their Regiments at Minorca on the 1 ft of February 1756} with the Dates of their

Commissions at that time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields lying within the Parish or Township of Morton, otherwise Mutton Morrell, in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 2i. After " Tythes," to insert " and some "TytheHay:"

Pr. 3. L. 29. To leave out " Park," and

insert " Lillington: "

Pr. 8. L. 1. After " only," to insert " or some " Rate or Modus for Tythe Hay."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved ', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields lying within the Parish or Township of Morton, otherwise Morton Morrell, in the County of IVlrwick.

Ordered, That Sir Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Morton

Inclosure.

Wrr-ham, Sir Lynch Colton presented to the House, according to Road Order, a Bill for amending, widening, anc! keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint; and through the Towns of and Holywell

to the Town of Rhuiidlan, in the same County, and from thence through the Town of Abergelcy, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Ferry House opposite to the Town of Conway, in the county of ; and from Ruthin,

in the said County of Denbigh, to the said Town of Mold, in the said County of And the same was

received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Karl of Mr. Coventry reported from the Committee, to whom oiled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for 1 tc* veiling the settled Estate of George William Earl of Coventry, in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same; and to lay out the Money arising by such Sate in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, lying nearer to his Eft.ite, in the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Warwickto be settled to the Uses therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had dredled him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from Bags hot, B»«fbot in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hill, in the * County of Hants’, and also the Road from Bagshot to a Place called the Golden Farmer; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. L. 25. To leave out " Roads do," and insert " Road doth: "

Pr. 11. L. 23. To leave out " Roads do," and insert " Road doth: "

Pr. 20. L. 16. To leave out "Roads," and insert " Road doth: "

Pr. 23. L. 22. To leave out " do," and insert " doth Pr. 27. L. 18. To leave out u ," and insert " June:"

Pr. 28. L. 8. To leave out " Day of," and insert " Tuesday in: "

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from a Place called the Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of to

Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake have Leave to go Leave into the Country', for the Recovery of his Health. of Abfeace.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

w rwi<k The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

>Mrc ILII. f >r rebuilding a- cl keening in Repair the Sliire Hall of the County of Warwick, without any Amendment.

And then the MciTengers withdrew.

fvir of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies oi^rta. of all Letters, between the ill Day of February and the Lift Day of Mayl 756, from the Secretary at War, which relate to the Embarkation of Officers or Recruits belonging to the Gairilon of Mand ordered to their Polls.

VOL. 27.

A Bill for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for'alimited 0 &"rn* Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported; and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or thall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom; was read a Second time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be committed.

Resolved, 1 bat the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill

852 22° Ap A. 1757.

Distillation A Bill for continuing an AT of tins present Session of from Corn, Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spiritstroni Wheat, Bariev, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Phil be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Mouse wiil, upon Monday Morning next, resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Wig^enhall A Bill for draining and preserving certain Marsh and Drainage. Jen Lands and law Grounds in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second time.

Refc/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Turner, Mr. Tozvnjhend, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Wiikinson, Mr. More, Mr. Olmiv.s, Mr. Fel/cwes, Mr. Oswald, Mr, Hanger, Mr. Pro'ivfe, Mr. A/divert h, Sir John Cufl, Mr. 7F*/?, Mr. Rankes, Mr. fPatfon, Sir /Fw, Beauchamp Proctor, Mr. Lads, Mr. Gwi-i*, Mr. Triji, Mr. Aifabie, Mr. Berkeley; Sir Philipps, Mr. <SW///, Lord Strange, Mr.

Kxnafon, Mr. Lxjier, Mr. Frederick, Sir Robert Hild-jwv/, Mr. >V7v, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lut-/;v7/, Mr. Dcdd, Sir Ly«r/; Cotton, Mr. Powell, Mr. 5.7-thurst, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Walter, Lord >Pozi'erj court, Mr. lemon. Sir George Tange, Mr. hr>pc, Mr. George Ofjhw, Mr. Medlycott, Mr Kent, Mr. Oflniideflon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sandys, Sir William Cod-ring ton; Mr. Bacon, Mr. GafJyry, Mr. Sehtyn, Mr. Afa-g'nt, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. 5/7/, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Finney, and a l the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to tnicr this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

S-liirg The Order of the Day being read, for the Hov.fe to

rf Corn !>y rdblve itfcTf into a Committee of the whole House, to We.g.a, m. c. conj]jer further of the Report which, upon Friday the iSth Day of January last, was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future;

Resolve d, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of theftid Report.

Encouraging. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Captors ot resolve iridt into a Committee of the whole House, upon prizes. fjie gill for the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respectto the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom;

r O 9

ResolvedfYhat this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Attaining The Order of the Day being read, for the House to c»o >c^ by rcf)lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon rau°‘ ti e 1M! for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who Hull attain, or attempt toattain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unl awful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goodr pawned , and for preventing Gaming in Public Houfrs by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a select ‘Committee:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. George On-Jlozv, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. 0!mitts, Mr. Wil-k inf on, Mr. Ojwald, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Recorder of London, Sir VstlUam Calvert, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Palmer, Mr. More, Mr. Char hen, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proielor, Mr. Proitfc, General Cornwallis, Mr. Poit:r9 Sir John Philipps, Mr. l9

Tor he. Sir Jv'hn Turner, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Town field, M^r.

Lxfter, Mr. Fcilowes, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Gibbon, Mr.

Calvert, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Trift, Mr. White, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Attorney General, Sir John Cuft Mr. Corneiva/l, Sir John RufJeout, Mr. Blhi. Colonel Bofcazvcn, Mr. Bond, Lord Niiddleion, Mr. Bttdgen, Mr.

Rose Fuller, Mr. Bnidenell, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Nugent,

Air. Campbell, Mr. Probyn, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Pinney, Mr.

Which cot, Mr. Pelham, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Garth,

Mr. Nicholson CAvert, Mr. Ward, Lord Malpas, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Brijlozve; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of several Persons under the Denomination Attaining of Pawnbrokers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Goods i»y in behalf of themselves, and several others within the Fraud. Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, following that Business, and no other, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners having perused a Bill depending in the House for preventing, among other Things, the unlawful Pawning of Goods, and for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned, are apprehensive, if that Part of the Bill which relates to the Petitioners Business should pass into a Law, it would subject them to so many Frauds, Impositions, and Inconveniences, as would render it totally impracticable for them to carry on their Business: That the Petitioners, being themselves intire Strangers to the Practices intended to be prevented by the said Bill, imagine they mu ft a rife from Persons that keep Chandlers Shops, and follow other such-like Businesses, lending Money upon Pledges, and assuming the Name of Pawnbrokers; and that the Petitioners humbly conceive, if the Business of Pawnbroking was properly regulated, and such Persons only were permitted to follow it as should appear to be of Character and Reputation, that those Mischiefs would . not only be removed, but that great Good would likewise result from it to the industrious Poor: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as affects them in their Business; and likewise permitted humbly to submit such FaTs as may enable the House to put the Business under such Regulation as may best promote the Security of the Public, and render the Petitioners able to carry on their fiid Business with Safety and Reputation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices; is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider further of Ways and iMeans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to $up. !;. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The Houfo was moved, That the Estimate of the Charge of 6,544 Foot of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hefje Cafe!, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 27 th of April 1757, to the 27th of May following, both inclusive, being 31 Days,-might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Orderedr

-o Geo. II.

120~250.

Ordered, That so much of the said Estimate, as relates to the Pay of the said Troops, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was direified by the Committee to move. That they may havr: Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That tliisHousewill, upon Monday Morning next, refoKe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

ferred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have leave to fit again.

And the Question being put. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers and Accounts;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

r The Lord Register of i

Tellers for the Yeas,j Scotland, > 12*.

(Mr. Elli>

Tellers for (he Need ^.fy j 8».

{ Mr. Vyner junior. J r

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 25* die Aprilis;

I:r.,-rovement The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Anno 30* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

refblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to CCrow8 consider of the lleport which was made from the Com- Prayers.

mittee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was m R> Hujjey reported from the Committee, to whom made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the J>X the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River for enabling Mary Widow, Thomas

Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Clerk, imdjuhn Rogers Esquire, Guardians of Margaret Shore in the County of Surrey, was referred; and who Hearle, Jane Hearle, Betty Hearle, and Harriet Hearle, were empowered to receive Proposals from Persons who infants, to make Leases of several Estates in the County

Would undertake, by Contrail, to widen the Street leading of Cornwall, and also Setts and Leases of the Mines therefrom Charing Cross towards Whitehall-, _ in, and to carry on Adventures, during the Minority of

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning the faK) Infants, was committed, That the Committee had next, rdolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the to consider of the said Report. same be true; and that the Parties concerned had

given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the

of Iwino Tf'e ot!,er 0rJer the Day being read» for the House Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to

morea. to re|0]ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

to consider further of the several Pajaers and Accounts, And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designs An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the com-of the French, to Preparations made, and Orders given, mon Fields, Grounds, and Meadows, in the Manor and for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Parish of Baumber, otherwise in the County

Ships of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

Dominions in the Mediterranean, and to the State and Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Island of be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Minorca, during the Years 1755 and 1756; Grounds, and Meadows, in the Manor and Parish of

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant Baumber, otherwise Hamburgh, in the County of to their Orders, coin.

Letter, dated 13th May 17 c,6, from the Secretary at , That Mr. Whichcot do carry the Bill to the War to the Secretary of the Admiralty: And also, Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Letter, dated 17th March 1756, from the Secretary at War to several Agents of Regiments: And also, A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and

Letter, dated 5th May 1736, from the Secretary at jvir. Edwards:

WTar to the Secretary of the Admiralty, concerning the Mr. Speaker,

Embarkation of Officers and Men going to their Regi- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ments in Minorca:And also, ‘ - carrying into Execution, Articles of Agreement entered

Several Letters from the Secretary at War to the Se- into before, and in consideration of, the Marriage c f cretary of the Admiralty, concerning the Embarkation Esquire, with Catherine Montgomerie his now

of Officers and Men going to their Regiments in Minorca:Wife: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of

And also, this House* And also,

A Lift of the Officers of the Four Regiments at ' The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Minorca, who were promoted in other Corps, from ill veiling the settled Estates of Litie Smith Ynscombe October 175^, to ill February 1756. Esquire, and Valentina his Wife, in Trustees, to be (old;

And the Titles of the Papers, containing the said Let- and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the ters, and also the 1 itle of the said Lift, were read. Purchase of other Freehold Lands, Tenements, and He-

Ordered, That the said Papers and Lift be referred to reditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses; the said Committee. and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned: To

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

of this Session. _ . _ And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Mr. Bathurf presented to the House, according to Order,

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee. a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they Majesty, for repairing and enlargi ng the Highways between

had made a further Progress i a the Matters to them re- the Top of Kingsdown and the City of Bath, and for

Vol. 27, 10 H amending

Hwrle’s and other! ElUte,

Bamburgh

Jnciosure.

Moline«xvt

Marriage

Article*

Aynfcombt’i

Eilacea*

Kmgfdowa Hiii Road*

Earl of Coventry’s Estate.

Poole Gne Roads.

Molineux’s

Marriage

Articles.

Supply.

25* Aprilis. 1757.

amending several other Highways, therein mentioned, leading to the said City; and also for repairing the Roads leading from the Top of Lansdown to the Monument upon Lansdown, and the Road leading from the Top of En-terry Hid into the Bristol Road hading to and the Road leading from Bath Ec.fion Bridge to Cullerne Gate upon the Fofs Road, the Road leading from kerton Bridge to the Six Mile Stone in the Parish of merion, and also the Road leading from the Globe in the Parish of Nut.-.tonSaint Lo. to the Cro's Pott in the

Boat! leading to Per.fiord, and also the Road by Tracy Pak between Bristol Turnpike Road and the Monument upon Lansdown: And the same was received: and read the Full time.

Bfio/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the lett.ed Etlate of George William Earl of Coventry, in the County f Cambridge, in Trustees, in Trust, to fell the lame; and t hv out the Money arising by such Sale in ti e Pnrcrafe o! other lands and Hereditaments lying nearer to his Estate in the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Warwick, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Cor del F do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of several of the Trustees forputtingin Execution an Act made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole, Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, and also of several of the principal Inha-

bitants of the Town and Parish of Winborne Minfier, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House several oppressive, unreasonable, and inconvenient, Clauses, which the Petitioners allege they shall be subjected to by the Bill depending in the House to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act; And alleging, that the Petitioners, among other ill consequences, apprehend that the Creditors will be alarmed, and forthwith require the Re-payment of their Principal Money lent on the Creditor the said Act, and tlrat no further Sums will be advanced: And therefore they most humbly submit the Premises to the Confide rat i-n of the House, and pray such Relief therein as to the House shall seem iuft and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, qntil the said Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution Articles of Agreement entered into before, and in Consideration of, the Marriage of Crisp Mclineux Esquire, with Catherine Montgomerie his now Wife, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Six hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Six thousand Five hundred and Forty-four Foot, with the General and Staff Officers, and Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Cajfel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 27 th of April 1757,

to the 27th of May following, both inclusive, being 31 Days.

The laid Besolution, being read a Second time, w^s,

'5

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

House.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Seamen State of employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the Minorca. 31st December 1(754, to the 31st December 1755. upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the said Service; which wa-presented to the House upon the 28th Day of January 1756, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers and Accounts, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the M <tons or Designs of the French, to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Mediterranean, and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Nav , and of the island of Minorca, during the Years 1755 and 1756.

T he Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant Dina, to their Order, Lift of Officers of the Four Regiments at Minorca, who were absent from their Polls the ill of February 1756, with the Dates of their Commissions at that time.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift be referred to the Committee of the whole Howie, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers and Accounts, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designs of the French, to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the F.quipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Mediterranean, and to the Sta;e and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Island of Minorca, during the Years 1755 and 1756.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of Robert Tunstall, as also of several of the Kew Bridge. Gentlemen, Land Owners, and Inhabitants, of the Town of New Brentford, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, Thar in consequence of a Petition of the Petitioner Robert Tunstall, a Bill is now depending in the House to enable him to build a Bridge at a Place called Kew Ferry, or as near Well ward thereto as can be confident with the Preservation of the Navigation of the River Thames-, and likewise taking Notice, that the other Petitioners, together with many others, have preferred several Petitions to the House in favour of the said Bill; and alleging, that, in the Progress of the said Bill, Ibrne Difficulties have ariflin with rc-pest to the building the said Bridge Weltward of the said Ferry; all which the Petitioners do agree may be removed without Prejudice to the Public, if the Petitioner Robert Tunstall had Leave to build the said Bridge to the EastiVard of the said Ferry, from a certain Place in Old Brentford called Smith's Hi//to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Directions therein as shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Wm. Beauchamp,

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Mr. Kynajltn, Mr. Fel/owes, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Doddington, Mr. George Onslow, Sir John Philips, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Webb, Mr. More, Mr. Nor they, Mr.

Colebrooke, Mr. Affleck, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. , Mr. Grenville, Mr. Symonds, Lord Downe, Mr. Prowse,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Cartwright,

Mr. Potter, Sir Edmund Jfham, Mr Olmius, Mr

Mr. Lyfier, Colonel Let, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Walter, Mr.

Pitt,

# Cor

k.

1

MO Co

Distillation

uoio Coriv.

Importation of Corn, kc.

Distillat'on from Cora.

Jamaica

Atin.

30 Geo. II. 250 — 26.855

Pitt, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Myddehon, Mr. Drake, Mr. York?,

Mr. Which cot, Mr. Gajhry, Mr Mr. . Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Aldworth', and all the Mem-b rs who serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

Berks, Bucks, and Kent, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the ('lock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices, Grand Jury, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of,

a fie mb led at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held iu and for the said C unity, at the City the 19th Day of April 1757, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House the increasing Wants and VJiierv of the labouring Manufacturers and Poor of that County, occasioned by the Price ot Corn continuing to rife, which the Petitioners impute to an immenl'e Consumpton of the fined and bed of Wheat in the Didil-lery: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Con fi derat ion, and to make l'uch Piovtlion for preventing the high Pi ice of Corn and Dearnets of Bread in future, as shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabie.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act 10 discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported; and allb ujon such Corn, GrJn, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or-(hall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That

they fad g"ne through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had dir.cded him to report, when the H >ule will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, — Thit the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committ e of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, inti:uled. An \cl to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Gram, or from any Meal or Flour, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Phi'ipps took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wiil please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee;

Refched, That this Home will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Yci. 127.

House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor,

Council, and Afl’embly, ot Jamaica-, and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Piffempef resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper now raging amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-nglit, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House lo resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *"* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House wiil, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day be'ng read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the State whole House, to consider further of the several Papers of Miaorca. and Accounts, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designsoi the brench, to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’i Snips of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Mediterranean, and to the St te and Condition of his Majesty 3 Navy, and of the

lfiand of Minorca, during the Years 1755 and 17 56.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had made a luither Progreis in the Matters to them referred; and that he uasuirested by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House having continued to fit till after One of the Clot k on luejday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will this Day, at Twelve of the C.ock, rehive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider iurther of the said Papers and Accounts.

And then the House adjourned till Nine of the Clock this Morning.

Mar thy 2 6° die A frills;

Anno 30* Georgii II41 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

SI R Cordel Firebrace reported from the Committee, Shaw’i to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Eftatw. tuled. An Act to impower S r John Shaw Barnet, to make a Partition during the Minority of John Shaw, his Inlant Son, of certain Premises devised to him by the Will of Dame Anna Maria Shaw Widow, deceased, was committed. That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered,

856

2 6° Ap

A. lie,!.

Nominees Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Nominees, upon Survivorship,

upon

Survivor

1693 — 1757. that have died between 1693, and the 5th

of January 1757; distinguishing the Number that died in each Year.

Laftage, fcc. Mr. Bacon presented to the House, according to Order, in the a |}i|{ to continue an Act made in the 6th Year of the amts. ]»eign of present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

«/, and added, That if the Bridge was built from the said Place called Smith's Hill, it will open near FCew Gate, leading to Kew Green; to which Place the Road from the other Ferry leads.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Building a Bridge crols the River of Thames from Old Brentford, in the County of to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, at a certain Place called Kew Ferry, or the Ferry, or as near thereto westward as conveniently may be, is committed.

Poole Gate A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, oa a‘ an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a. Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Lyttelton, Lord Dig by. Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Bayntun, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Poole, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Martin, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Yorke, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Cust, Mr. More, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Sir IVm.Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Walter, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Lord Milton, Mr. Lord

An cram, Mr. Duffe, Mr. Gore, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Trift, Mr. Gulston, Mr.

B,takes, Mr. Northey, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Charles kend, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Parker, Mr. and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Petition of several of the Trustees fir putting in Execution an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the 1 own and County of and also of several of

the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Parish Win-borne Mhijler, in the County of Dorset-, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill should be read a Second time; be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Sir William Beauchamp Protfor reported from the Com- Kew Bridge, mittee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames from Old Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the County of , at a certain Place called Kew Ferry, or the Horse Ferry, or as near thereto westward as conveniently may be, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to-whom the Petition of Robert Twtjlall, as also of several-of the Gentlemen, Land-owners, and Inhabitants of the Town of New Brentford, and Places adjacent, was referred, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Petition. t

Jr'

L

Meant'* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

and others for enabling Mary Hearle Widow, Thomas Hearle Clerk, E!,atc‘ and John Rogers Esquire, Guardians of Margaret Hearle, Jane Hearle, Betty Hearle, and Harriet Hearle, Infants, to make Leases ol ievera! Estates in the County of Cornwall, and also Setts and Leases of the Mines therein, - and to carry on Adventures, during the Minority of the said Intuits, was read the Third time.

P.cfolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel George Bofcawen do carry the Bid to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Philipps, according to Order, reported from Distillatios the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for from Com. continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley,

Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments thereto, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1 —

; ce

Sir William Beauchamp Preflor reported from the Commit :et\ to whom the Petition of Robert as also

of several of the Gentlemen, Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of the Town of New Brentford, and Places adjacent, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, The Reverend William Chilcot, being examined, Lid, That it would be advantageous to the Public, if the Bridge was to be built from a Place called Smith's Hill to the opposite Shore, which is about Two hundred Yards eastward from the Horse Ferry.

Mr. Henry Clive confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Ch'tl-

Sir John Philipps, according to Order, reported from |mpom£, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for of Cor*. 4c. continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and also upoa such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendment, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendment was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

W

k

ik

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Win the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of and through the Towns of Halkin and Holywell to the

Town

Wrodio,

See. Road;, j

ft

o-ni

V

AjrnfcomLe’s - Elutes.

JTrr on ra iment «4 Stamen.

G^alrmng

RuaUs.

TVi prion

Wlia- f Ko ad.

I.ea Bridge.

Nominees

ujon Surv'i-v-rfl)ip,

i^3-757-

30 Geo. IL Jprilis. - 857

Town of Rhuddlan, in the same County, and from thence through the Town of Abergeley, in the said County of Denbigh, to the Ferry House opposite to the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, and from Ruthin, in the fdd County of Denbigh, to the said Town of Mold, in the said County of Flint', was read a Second tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Lynch Colton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hanger, Sir IVm. Beauchamp Protlor, Mr. FJlowes, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. (Core, Lord Strange, Mr. TV//, Mr. Campbell, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lyster, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. O/mius, Sir Armine IVodekoitfe, Air. /Valter, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Loivndes, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Moore, Mr. C holm ley. Sir /?/-Grosvenor, Mr. Hayzvard, Sir 2J///J Cun/iffe, Mr. More, Sir ^7;/ Philipps, Mr. E^erton, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Nugetit, Lord Malpas, Mr. Ojkvald, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Dodd; and all the Members who serve for the Principality of /Piz/ej: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Lilie Smith Ynscombe Esquire, and Valentina, his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money aiifing by such Sale in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in his Majesty’s Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, speedy, and certain Payment of their Wages; and for preventing Frauds and Impositions attending the fame; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from the Village of Milford, in the County of Surrey, through Pet worth, to the Top of Dunckton Hill, and from Petworth to Stopham Bridge, in the County of Sussex, without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through Guldeford’ to Anirezv s Cross, and to Alford Bars, in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary s Gate 'm Arundell, in the County of Sussex, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Lea, at or near a Place called Jeremy s Ferry, and for making, repairing, and widening. Roads from thence, into the great Roads at Snarejlrooke, in the County of Efex, and at Clapton, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment.

And then the ?vktidngers withdrew.

The House being informed, That Mr. IVilford, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Nominees uponSurvi-v^rlbip,’that have died between Midsummer 1693, and

Yol. 27.

the 5th of January 17^7; distinguishing the Number that died in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Stare resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Minorca, consider further of the several Papers and Accounts, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designs of the French, to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Mediterranean, and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Island of Minorca, during the Years 1755 an^ *75*;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed*

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad- Call of tht journed till Thursday Sevennight, the 5th Day of May Hou*c* next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Law* ing next, resolve itself into a Commitee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Improvement resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Com- ro mittee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a. Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was referred; and who were impowered to receive Proposals from Persons who would undertake, by Contraft, to widen the Street leading from Charing Cross towards WhitelialL

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the f whole House, to consider further of the several Papers 0 1 ,orc4# and Accounts, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designs of the French, to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ship of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Mediterranean, and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Island of Minorca, during the Years 1755 and 1756.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve it/eif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers and Accounts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

to I

Sc 8 27" Jprilis. A. 1757.

Mercurii, 2 y° die April is;

Anno 30* Georgii II*' Regis, 1757. Prayers.

SpaMing TV T Wkichcvtreported from the Committee, to ftigh Bridge IV JL whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Hoads. Jeading from Spalding High Bridge, through

and by Fr.ogna/l, and over fames Deeping Stone in

the County of Lincoln, to Maxey , in the County of Northampton, adjoining the high Road there, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntoj which they*had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingro fled.

frel Mr. Chyles Gore reported from the Committee, to Vjwigation. whom the Bill for making the River Av/, and the Branches thereof, navigable from the River Ouze at 7empsford, in the County of Bedford, to the Town of in the County of Hertford, and to Black Horse ,in the Parish of Bygrave, in the said County of and to the

South and North Bridges in the Town of in the County of Bedford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One or them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Jamaica Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered Affairs, to attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of in

the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee; upon -day last, do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

SoutliwoU The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Haven, for enlarging the Term, and amending and altering several Powers, granted by an Act made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of in

the County of Suffolk, without any Amendment: And also,

Thornton’* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for kitae. Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Thomson

Esquire, in the County of Berks, to raise Money towards clifttKUging several Mortgage Debts and Incumbrances affecting^ther Parts of his settled Estates in the same County: To which tl,e Lords desire the Concurrence of this House,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Improvement resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Channj consider of the Report, which was made from the Com- tr0 mittee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge crols the River ‘Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was referred; and who were impowered to receive Proposals from Persons who would undertake, by Contract, to widen the Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Selling of fblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

fider further of the Report, which, upon Friday the 28th e'^ Day of January last, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way*

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Me am,

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply, fblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning-next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Way* House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whele and Man; House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Nominees upon Survivorship that have died between Mid~ summer 1693, and the 5 th of January 1757; distinguishing the Number that died in each Year; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Subscription taken at the Bank of England, in pursuance of a Resolution of the House of Commons, of the 14th March 1757, for raising 2,500,000 for the Service of the Year 1757, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ot Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,‘ Nine of the Clock*

Yhomfon’s

ElLate.

Cox’s

Unloading

Engine.

30 Geo. II. 28°

yovisj 28*;

Anno 30° Georgii II*11 Regis, 1757. Prayers.

AN ir.grofitd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Ellrate of Wi. Yhomfon Esquire, in the County of , to raise Money towards discharging several Mortgage Debts and Incumbrances affecting other Parts of his settled Estates in the same County, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Cox, of the Parish of,

Lambeth, in the County of Su, Barge Builder, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Richard Cox, being examined, said, That his Father Edward Cox has, with great Labour and Application, and at the Expence of Two hundred Pounds, invented, and brought to Perfection, an Engine or Machine, for the unlivering Ships loaded with Coals.

Mr. James Hickfon,a Coal Factor, being examined, said, That he has seen the said Machine worked, and believes it will be of more Utility, and will unload Coal Ships with more Dispatch, than the Method now prac-tiled — That when a considerable Number of these Ships are in the River Thames, there is often a great Want of Coal-heavers, and the Price of Labour has been thereby raised from 14 d.to 35. each Man, for unloading a Score or Twenty Chalders of Coals — That the advanced Price of Labour sometimes raises the Price of Coals — That when there are mostShips in the River, Labour is at the highest Price; and "that Ships are often delayed several Days, by reason Labourers cannot lie procured.

Mr John Gibjon, a Coal Factor, being examined, said,

That lie has seen the said Machine worked; and if there were a sufficient Number of them to supply Ships as they are wanted, any Number of Ships might be unloaded at the same time — That when a great Number of Ships are in the River, Labourers are fearce — That there are great Delays in unloading Ships, occasioned by the Coal-heavers entering into Combinations — That Ships may be unloaded quicker, and at a cheaper Rate by this Machine than by the present Method:

That from 15 to 17 Coal-heavers are employed in Unloading a Ship; and if a Man who works between Decks, or in some other Parts of the Ship, is taken ill, a whole Gang may stand still a considerable time, before a Person can be procured to supply his Place — That this Machine will require 14 or 15 Men; but they will work cheaper, as the Labour is not so great: and any Sort of Labourers may work at it, except the Vatmen, who will require some Experience.

Mr Middlemarsh, being examined, said. That he has

known a Ship of 400 Chalders of Coals delivered in Four Days; and that he believes this Machine will not be more expeditious than the present Method; but that he has known when a Coal-heaver, who works on the middle Deck, has been taken ill, the whole Gang has (food still — That Coal-heavers will frequently raise Six Pence Score more in their Price than they have agreed for; and that he never law a Machine of this kind before.

Mr. Jonathan Sh&kefpear, a Lighterman, being examined, laid. That he has seen the said Machine worked; and in Times of Want of Men, which often happens, it will be of great Utility, as it requires little or no Art in Working it, and may be worked by any Sort of Persons: That he has bought a Ship of Coals, and has been de-Voi. 27.

Aprilis. 859

layed Ten Days in delivering It, for want of Hands---

That there are often great Delays by Coal-heavers getting drunk; and the Absence of one Man flops a whole Gang — That there are a great many Instances of Corn-binations amongst the Coal-heavers to raise their Price, when a Number of Ships arrive together; and that they will, in this Cafe, often raise the Price they have before agreed for — That, by means of these Combinations, the Price of Coals is often enhanced; and that there is more Art in Coal-heaving than is generally imagined.

Being aiked, Whether if a great Number of Ships were to come into the Pool at one and the same time, there would be more Dispatch by this Machine than the present Method ? he said, he thought there would be more Expedition by Coal-heavers; but that if they had all the Coal-heavers and these Machines, they could work more Ships at the same time — That Coal-heaving is confined to a certain Number of Men — That there has been frequently more Ships to unload than they could get Labourers for, which might have been delivered by these Machines.

James Don, being examined, laid, That he has been a Coal-heaver almost Ten Years, and has worked at this Machine; and that it will be of great Utility — That it will clear 80 or 100 Chalders of Coals in a Day, when the Men have got the Method of working it — That feme strong Gangs of Coal-heavers will unload about the same Quantity; but that the usual Quantity is not above Sixty Chalders per diem — That Coal-heavers must be strong Men, and used to the Business; and that Men are unwilling to engage in the Business of Coal-heaving, the Labour being so very hard; and that few of them continue in their Prime more than Six or Seven Years; but that any common Labourers may work this Machine, which will be a great Saving of Labour; and therefore Hands may be much easier procured; and that the Coals will not be so liable to be broke by this as by the present Method.

William Bridon, being examined, laid. That he has, practised the Business of Coal-heaving Fifteen Years; and that it is very hard Labour — 'That Ships are often delayed for want of Labourers — That he has seen this Machine worked, whereby Ships may be unloaded with more DIB patch and less Labour than by the present Method — That it will not require such strong Men as Coal-heaving; and if it meets with no Stops, it will unload 100 Chalders a Day, or 90 one Day with another — That some Gangs of Coal-heavers will deliver 100 Chalders a Day, if they meet with no Obstruction; others cannot unload above Sixty; and that he never few a Machine of this Sort used on board Ships before. '

Captain William Coates, Master of a Collier, being examined, said. That he has seen the said Machine worked; and that it may be of Ul'e in delivering small Ships, when Labourers are scarce — That he has known Delays in unloading Ships, for want of labourers — That he has given from One Shilling to Two Shillings and Six Pence each Labourer per Score, London Measure, for unloading Ships — That any Persons may be employed in working the said Machine — That the principal Art is the mea-furing tire Coals — That he has been used to the Coal Trade all his Life, and never fawany thing like the said Machine on board any Ships before — That the present Method, when Coal-heavers are scarce, is to unload with Baskets; -but that, by means of this Machine, Ships may be delivered sooner than with Baskets, with a proper Number of Hands, and the Coals not so liable to be broke — That if a proper Number of Men are employed with this Machine, they will unload sooner than Coal-heavers in a large Ship; and believes it will be a greac Saving in the Expence of unloading Ships — That the Ships employed in this Trade are from 100 Tons Burthen to near 700 Tons; but that the common Sizes are from 200 to 500 Tons; and that if there were a proper Number of these Machines, and one put on board each Ship, as they come into the River, they would be delivered sooner than by the present Method; and they would not be liable to wait for Hands, as they now are.

Captain

Sdo

28° Jpr

A. 17

n

t

Cox's Captain John Stevenson, Matter of a Collier, being ex-u-iloajing amined, said. That he has seen the said Machine worked;

Eogaie. and that it will unload 100 Chalders of Coals a Day with Sixteen Men — That about Fourteen Men have been used to unload with Baskets in his (the Witnds's) Ship; but if the same Number of Men were employed with this Machine, the Ship would be delivered sooner — That Coal-heaving is reckoned the quickefl Way of delivering a Ship; but that this Machine will bring up the Coals as quick, or quicker, than the Vatmen can fill — That the Labour is not lo hard with this Machine as by the present Method, and may be worked by any Sort of Persons — That he has been used to the Coal Trade 29 Years, and never law any thing like the said Machine on board any Coal Ships before:

Thus the Price of Labour to Coal-heavers is sometimes at One Shilling per Score each Man, and sometimes at 2j. id. or is. yd.-, and that when a Number of Ships arrive, Labourers are scarce, and Ships have been detained Three or Four Days, for the Want of Hands to unload them; and has known (last Summer) Three Shillings per Score paid to each Labourer; and the lowest Price within thele Twelve Months part was one Shilling.

Captain Henry Wilfott, Master of a Collier, being examined, laid. That he has fecn the said Machine worked; and that his Ship has been unloaded both by Coal-heavers and with Baskets; but that a Ship may be unloaded lVoner by means of this Machine than by Baskets — That when a Fleet of Coal Ships arrive in the Hiver at one time, Labourers are so scarce, that he has known Ships wait Three or Four Days, for want of Hands to unload them, and, upon such Scarcity, has paid is. 9 per Score to each Man — That he has paid only is. id.-, and the lead he ever heard of was One Shilling per Score; and that if a

proper Number of thele Machines were ma le, and put on board Coal Ships, it would cause greater Dispatch, as it requires no Art; and any common Labourer may work at it, except the Vatmen; and that l.e never law any thing like the said Machine on board any other Ships before.

William Hcrfelcy Esquire, produced to your Committee, an Account of the Prices of Labour in unloading of Coal Ships in the Pool at different Periods, extracted from the Books of Messieurs Biggins and Ward Coal Factors, CrutchedFryars, for the Year 1756; by which it

appears that the said Mr. Cox proposes an annual Saving to the Public of £.18,347. The laid Account is hereunto annexed.

Then a Patent, granted by his Majesty to the said Ed ward Cox, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, dated the 23d Day of February 1737, for the foie Uie and Excrcile of his laid Invention for the Term of Fourteen Years, was produced, and read to your Committee.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Uesolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Edward Cox hath invented a Machine for unloading Coal Ships different from any thing of the Sort heretofore used in this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That the said Machine may prove more useful for the I’urpose of unloading Coal Ships than any other Method heretofore practised.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for vesting the fble Property of the said Machine in the said Edward Cox, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for such Term of Years as to the House shall feeni meet.

Att ACCOUNT of the several Prices of Labour in unlading of Coal Ships in the Pool at different Periods, extracted from the Books of Messieurs Biggins and Ward Coal Fadors, Crutched Fryars, for the Year 1756.

Labour. Labour.

d. d.

24 January - a* m - - H 6 Aurull 0 j - - - - 3°.

31 D°- - - - i4 16 - - - 18

13 February - - - - M 30 - - - - 24

26 - - - 12 31 - - - 32

— - - - >3 1 September - - - - 3r>

2 March - - - *5 3 -

12 - - - 21 - 3°

— - - - - 24 - - - 36

- - - - i3 4 - - - - 3(>

7 April - - - - 21 6 - - - 3r>

1 + - - - - 18 10 - - - - 24

J5 - - - - 15 — * - - - - S°

20 - - - 16 16 - - - 24

4 May - - - - >3 4 October - - - - 20

10 - - - - 18 5 - - - 24

11 - - - - 14 11 m - - - 10

17 - - - - 18 19 - - - 18

_ - 20 23 - - - 1S

10 _ 17 26 - - - - 16

2 Jane . - - - 18 8 November - - - 20

— - - - 20 - - 24

3 - - - 24 11 - - - 24

5 . _ - - - 18 24 - - - - J4

21 - - . _ - 21 3d December - - - - 14

28 - - - 24 — - - - 16

- - - 26 6 - - - 16

July - - - 24 14 - - - 16

- - - - 2+ 29 - - - 18

4 August - - - 26

- - - - - 3°

jo Geo. II.

28* Aprilis.

861

Cox*s

unloading

Machine*

The Prices of unlading Coals in the Port of London by the Score and Chalder, Calcblated ill Whole Numbers, with the present and proposed Mediums.

N. B. As the highest Price is 36 d.and the lowest 14 which Numbers would produce Fractions, the Calcula,.

tion is therefore made at 35*/. and 1 $d.per Score, at 16 Men to the Score, and reduced on that Average to the Chalder.

Per Score. d.

At t6 Men

35

30

25

ao

l5

Per Chalder. d.

28

H

20 16

- Highest Price.

- Present Medium.

12

Lowest Price.

Mr. Cox proposes that the present Medium shall be his highest Price, and the present 3)0)550,41)3 lowest Price his Medium; and it appearing that the Number of Chalders imported in

18,347 the Year 1756, was 550,413; and that the Difference between the Medium and

highest Price is Eight Pence per Chalder, that there will be therefore saved to the Public, as per Margin, £. 18,347 annually.

And as it amounts to the same thing in the proportionate Value, whether the Price be adjusted by the Score, or by the Chalder, yet as feme Disputes may hereafter arise on that Head between the Inventor and Masters of Ships, on account of the Number of Men casually employed, it is humbly proposed, that the Price of Unlading be fixed by the Chalder only.

lilate.

Distilforirn Irvin voriu

Importation vt Coro.

The first Resolution of the Committee was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of Charles Ward, an Infant, to sell and convey Part of his Estate, in the County of Warwick, pursuanttoan Agreement with the right honourable Francis Earl Brooke; and for applying the Purchase-money in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the fame: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Making of Low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to discontinue for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and also upon fudi Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and also upon such cornj Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Importation. 96 Iron.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to extend the Liberty granted, by an Act of the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of importing Bar Iron from his Majesty’s Colonies in America into the Port of London, to the rest of the Ports of Great Britain and for repealing a Clause in the said Act; be read the Third time Tomorrow Vol. 27.

Morning.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Cross, and Parts adjacent, whoseHands are thereunto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord Bateman, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; taking Notice, That a Petition of the Corr.missioners for building of Westminster Bridge has been presented to the House, reciting an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, to enable them to purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more l'afe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, minster Hall, and the Courts of Justice there, and

minster Bridge-, and praying the House to grant such Sums of Money as would enable the said Commissioners to execute the Powers and Trails reposed in them by the said Act; and alleging, that there is a Way leading from his Majesty’s Metus at Charing Cross, and other Parts, into Spring Garden, at the North End thereof, and from thence into Saint James's Park, which is much used by Persons going to and from both Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the Courts of Justice there; but, by reason of the Narrowness of the said Way, it is very inconvenient and unlafc; and that it would be of very great public Utility to have the same opened and widened; which, as the Petitioners conceive, may be done at a moderate Expence, by taking down fotne Buildings on the South Side thereof, which are old and decayed: And therefore praying, That the said Commissionersmay be enabled to open and widen the said Way leading into Garden, at the North End thereof, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved, That the Title of an. Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, frony the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purchase Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, Westminster Hall, and the Courts of Justice there, and Westminster Bridge; and to enable a less Number of Commissioners to execute the several Acts relating to the said Bridge than at present are required by Law; and for Relief of George and James King, with regard to a Lease taken by their late Father from the said Commissioners; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to ascertain, establish. and confirm, the Boundaries of the

10 K Manors

Improving Charing C roll.

North Mirojj &c.

211c loin ro.

i^-

Shaw’*

Eii&tcs*

8outhwark

Market.

Brandon

Drainage.

8 6a 28* Jfprilis. A. 1757.

Manots and Partlhes of Worth Mims and NorthaW, so Far as the same extends to and upon the several Commons called North Mims, and Nerthaw in the County of Hertford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. West, Mr. Banket, Mr. Belc/tier, Mr. , Mr. Gore, Mr. More, Mr. Whitt, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Potter, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Campbell, Mr.' Vernon, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Ha Lord Mr.

Hayes, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Planter, Mr. Torke, Mr. Moore, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Budgen, Mr. Nugent, Mr. George Onslow, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Shelley,

Sic Francis Poole, Mr. OJkvald, Mr. Medfycott, Mr. m'tus, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Gqfhry, Lord Verney, Mr. Sel-wyn, Mr. Amcotts-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, M, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords,.intituled, An Act to impower Sir John Shaw Baronet, to make a Partition, during the Minority of John Shaw, his Infant Son* of certain Premisesdevised to him by the Will of Dame Anna Maria Shaw Widow, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Cor del Firebrace do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House, hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 18 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hammond, Mr. Belchier, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Harris, Mr. EllMr. Mor, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prowse, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Turner, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Colleton, Mr. waid, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Page, Mr. Webb, Mr. Torke, Mr Mr. Vernon,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Trift, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Walter, Mr. Mr. Aldworth

Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Townshtnd, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Nugent, Sir Robert Hildyard, Mr. Probyn, Lord George Cavendish -, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Kent, and Sussex j for the Cinque Ports3 and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River, and Sams's Cut Drain; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands-, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Turner, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Dodd, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Luttrell, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Bond, Mr. Powell, Mr. Freeman, Mr. More, Mr. Hume, Mr. lyneux, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bolton, Mr. Stanley, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fone-

reau, Sir MatthewFeatherJlonehaugk, Mr. Bankes, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Walter, Mr. Torke-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon,

Norfolk, Suffolk, and Lincoln: And they are to meet

21

this Afternoon at Five offhe Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrofifed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of Charles Ward, an Infant, to sell and convey Part of hisEstate in the County of Warwick,

Surfuant to an Agreement with the right honourable rands Earl Brooke-, and for applying the Purchase money in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the fame; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Madder imported into this Kingdom from Holland, for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Oswald, from the Commissioners for Trade and

Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Three Books containing all the Journals and Minutes of the Council and Assembly of the Istand of Jamaica, preceding the time that Sir Thomas Lynch Knight, was appointed Governor thereof; together with a Paper spe* cifying the Contents of the said Books.

And the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

N. B. These Books were returned to the Office from whence they were brought bjr an Order of the House, of the 26th May,

Sir John Rufhout presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the ift and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester3 and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of Worcester, and in the Counties of,

and Gloucester: And the same was received 3 and read

the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House 3 which he read in his Place 3 and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read 3 and are as followeth 5 viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, so much of the Sum of Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, intended to be raised by Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, or for Terms of Years certain, pursuant to the Resolution of this House, of the 14th Day of March last, as hath not been subscribed for within the Time limited by the said Resolution, amounting to the Sum of Two millions One hundred Eighty-six thousand and Nine hundred Pounds, be raised by Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum, per Annum, transferable at the Bank of and redeemable by Parliament 3 the said Annuities to be paid by half-yearly Payments, on the 5th Day of January, and the 5th Day of July, in every Year; and the First Payment thereof to be made on the 5th Day of nuary 1758 3 and that each Contributor to the said Sum of TwomillionsOne hundred Eighty-Gx thoulandand Nine hundred Pounds, shall, for every One hundred Pounds contributed, be also entitled to an Annuity for Life, after the Rate of One Pound Two Shillings and Six Pence per Centum per Annum, to be paid in like manner by half-yearly Payments; the First Payment thereof to be made on the said 5th Day of January x 758, if such Contributors,

Ward's

Estate.

Account of Madder imported

Jamaica

Affairs.

Evefliim

Roads.

Ways and Mean*.

Hop*

Weir’s

Divorce.

La tvs

r^ecting

Highways.

tr.te of Minorca-

30 Geo. II.

1 8’ — 29°

863

butors, respectively* shall bn or before that time, have appointed their Nominees, or upon such of the said half-yearly Days of Payment as shall be next after the respective Appointments of their Nominees j the said respective Annuities to be charged upon the Fund resolved to be established in this Session of Parliament /or Payment of the Annuities, mentioned in the said Resolution of the 14th Day of March last, for which the Sinking Fund shall be a collateral Security; and that all such Contributors shall, on or before the*4th Day of May next, make a Deposit with the Cashiers of the Bank of

England, of Fifteen Pounds for every One hundred Pound?, which they shall chuse to contribute; and shall make the future Payments on or before the Times herein after limited; viz.

£.10 per Centum on or before 4th June next 1

£.15 per Centum on or before 7th July next;

£. 1 3 per Centum on or before 18th next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before 21 ft September next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before 10th November next; and the remaining £. 15 per Centum on or before the 22d December next:

A nek that all or any such Persons, who have already subscribed towards the said Sum of Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, pursuant to the said Resolution of the 14th Day of March last, and who, instead of the Annuities therein mentioned, shall chuse to accept the Annuities proposed by this Resolution, and who, on or before the said 4th Day of M, shall, in Books to be opened at the Bank of England for that Purpose, express their Consent, or not express their Diflent, thereunto, shall upon their Compliance with the Terms herein mentioned, for every One hundred Pounds so by them already subscribed, be entitled to the said several Annuities of Three Pounds and One Pound Two Shillings and Six Pence j in which Cafe, the Sum so by them already advanced shall be deemed Part of their Contributions for the Purchase of the Annuities hereby proposed; and that the Sums so contributed be paid by the Cashiers of the Bank into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from time to time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House, in this Session of Parliament, and not otherwise.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the further Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by like Annuities, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and charged upon the same Fund, with the like collateral Security.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the honourable Charles Hope Weir Esquire, with Anne Van, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee 01 the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

consider further of the several Papers and Accounts pre- /

fented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designs of the French, to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Domi-nione in the Mediterranean, and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Island of Mi* aorca, during the Years 1755 and 1756;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- High Price ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report, which, upon Friday the 28th Day of January last, was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future.

The postponed Order of the Day being read; State of

The House resolveditfelfintoa Committeeof the whole Minorca* House, to consider further of the several Papers and Accounts, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designs of the French, to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Mediterranean, and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Island of Minorca, during the Years 1755 aat^ *7

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progrel’s in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House to* consider further of the said Papers and Accounts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 290 die

Anno 30® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757*

Pratxks.

MR. Attorney General reported from the Committee, Bath

to whom the Bill for cleansing, paving, and light- Roads, ening, the Streets of the City of Bath, and Liberties thereof, and for regulating the Chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well regulated Watch in the Night-time in the said City, and Liberties; and to oblige all Owners of Houses, and other Buildings within the said City and Liberties, to bring down the Water from the Roofs of their Houses, and other Buildings, by proper Pipes down the Sides or Walls of such Houses and Buildings; and also to oblige ail Coal Carriages to pass by the Borough Walls of the said City during the Night Season; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide-ration upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Aningrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Molineox’* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to carrying into Execution Articles of Agreement entered Mamage Vot. 27. - into ’

Leave of Abl'ence.

Ivtl

Navigation.

-Lord

Arundtll’s

EfUics.

Kinj^Hown Hill RoaJs.

864 29* Aprilis. 1757.

into before, and in Consideration of, the Marriage of Crisp Molineux Esquire with Katherine Montgomerie his

now Wife, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mt. Fellowes, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

'Montagu, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Townshend, Mr. , Mr. Onfenv, Mr.

J'ri/l, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. More, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Charles T Mr. Walter, Mr.

Alexander, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. kinson, Mr. Bold, Mr. Calvert, Sir Charles Mr. Elliot, Sir Wm.Beauchamp Prof!or, Mr. Nugent, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Affleck, Mr. George -brook>t, Mr. Cooke, Sir Cecil Bishop, Mr, Bullock, Mr. James Colebrooke, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Kendrick Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Robert

Colebrooke, Mr. Ward, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Olmius, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Cambridge, and Norfolk; and for the City of Lon-

don: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Crafter have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for making the River Ivel, and the Branches thereof, navigable from the River Ouxe, at Tempsford, in the County of to the Town of

Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, and to Black Horse Mill in the Parish of Bygrave, in the said County of Hertford, and to the South and North Bridges in the Town of Shefford, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for making the River and the Branches thereof, navigable from the River Ouze, at Tempsford, in the County of Bedford, to Shotting otherwise called Burnt Mil, in the Parish of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, and to Black Horse in the Parish of Bygrave, in the said County of Hertford, and to the South and North Bridges in the Town of Shefford, in the said County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering the Guardians of Henry Lord Arundell of Warddur, and Thomas Arundell his Brother, both Infants, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of their several Estates during their respective Minorities, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Northey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned, leading to the said City; and allb for repairing the Roads leading from the Top of Lansdown to the Monument upon Lansdown, and the Road leading from the Top of Enterry Hill into the B-iftol Road leading to Warminster, and the Road leading from Bath Easton Bridge to Cullerne Gate upon the Fofs Road, the Road leading from Dunkerton Bridge to the Six Mile Stone in the Parish of Camerton,&nd allb the Road leading from the

Globe in the Parish of Newton St. Loe, to the Cross Poll in the Road leading to Pensford, and also the Road by Tracey Park between Bristol Turnpike Road and the Monument upon Lansdown; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Northey, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Potter, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Harvey, Lord Bateman, Mr. Prowse, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyfcr, Mr. Coventry, Sir Francis Poole, >5

Mr. Gore, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. More, Sir John tage, Mr. Amyand, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProEtor, Mr.

Yorke, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman Co-

lonel Haldane, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Calvert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts,

Somerset, and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Biitifli Committee, to whom the Report was r<f-com in it ted, FllW-which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery, was referred } and who were directed to inquire into, and report to the House, the State of the said Fishery in general j be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third laiponario* Reading of the ingrossed Bill to extend the Liberty granted of lr00‘ by an Act of the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of importing Bar Iron from his Majesty’s Colonies in America into the Port of London, to the rest of the Ports of Great Britain, and for repealing a Clause in the said Act; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third time.

The House was moved, That a Clause of an Act made . in the 23d Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled.

An Act to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from his Majesty’s Colonies in America; and to prevent the Erection of any Mill, or other Engine, for flitting or rolling of Iron, or any Plating Forge to work with a Tilt-hammer, or any Furnace for making Steel, in any of the said Colonies; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Then an ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for repealing the said Clause:

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time i and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, [ ’Marti,: j »

{Mr. Wortley Mount ague 1

junior, > 46.

Mr, Bagot: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act to extend the Liberty granted by an Act of the 23d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, of importing Bar Iron from his Majesty’s Colonies in America into the Port of London, to the rest of the Ports of Great Britain-, and for repealing certain Clauses in the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Beauchamp ProElor reported from the Com- Kew m it tee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross Bridge, the River of Thames, from Old Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore in the County of

Surrey, at a certain Place called Kew Ferry, or the Horse Ferry, or as near thereto Westward as conveniently may be, was re-committed, That the Committee had considered the Report, referred to the said Committee, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Tunstall, as also of several of the Gentlemen, Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of the Town of New Brentford, and Places adjacent, was referred; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they bad directed

him

c*afe of Minorca.

fi'

Ditto.

Encouraging Captor* of Frizes.

Jamaica

Affairs.

Ditto.

30 Geo. II. 290 j4prilis — i°Mali865

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at ihe Clerk’s Table:

The Lord He tar an, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the Motile, That his Mtj.fty, having been informed of the Purport of the said B-II, gives his Consent, as tar as his Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the llou e may do therein as tiny shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be forthwith laid before this House, a List of Officers belonging to the Four Regiments in Garrison at Minorca, who were absent from ther.ee in Great Britain on the Recruiting Service the lft of February 1756.

The Lord Barrington, according to Order, presented the said Lift to the House.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That 'he said Lift be referred to the Commit ec of the whole House, to whom it is referred to co ’lid -r further of the several Papers and Accounts, preunteJ to the House in this Session of P.t liament, relating ro Intelligence concerning the Motions or Deligns of the French, to P eparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or S filing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s D ominion in the Mediterranean, and to the State and C mduion o( h 1 s Majesty’s Navy, and of the I Hand ot

Minorca, during the Years 1755 ar|d

The said tail is preleived amongst the other Pa-ptrrs of this Session.

The O d<r of th" Day being rend, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the wi.ole House, to consider further of the tcvera Papers and Accounts, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to In'eMigerce concerning the Motions or Deligns of the French, to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Mediterranean, and to the State and C mdition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Island of

Minorca, during the Years 1755 and 1756;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ref lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill so the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes witlr rehpeift to the biinging and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ittclf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

rest ions, that there "be laid before this House, Copy of an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of J&~ maica, relating to the Removal of the Courts of justice, from the Town of St. Jago de la V in the Island of Jamaica, to the Town of Kingston, in the said Island, which pafltd in the Year 1754.

Ordered, That the fad Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council. ' '

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Wayi ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the State whole House, to consider further of the several Paper's of Minorca, and Accounts presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Deligns of the French, to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships ot War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Mediterranean, and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the island of Minorca, during the Years 1755 and 1756.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them rfe-feired; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers and Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eleven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Importation the Importation of fine Italian Thrown Silk: And that of Mr! Nugent, Mr Alderman Baker, and Mr. Pitt, do hahanSilk, prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read,' for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Pape rs, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament,*relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and of the ether Papers referred to the said Committee;

Resolved, That th is 1 loufe will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to ti;=* House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jand of the other Papers referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Per Ions, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon IPednefuay Morning next.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Di-

Vol. 27.

Luneey 2° die Man;

Anno 30° Georgii II'" Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Glasgow for regulating and improving certain Benefactions vested University in the Rector and Principal, Professors, and Mailers, of Bentfailionj. the University and College of G without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Glasgow for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act Reads, passed in the 26th Year~ol the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relates to certain Roads mentioned in the said Act; and also to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more ef-

1 o L feftual,

’866 Maii. ^.1757.

feftual, an Act passed irt the j6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of; and to repair

several other Roads leading into the said City; and for building a Bridge crols the River of; without

any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Wimeftvould Mr. Edward Smith reported from the Committee, to Inclosure. whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing several Commons or Whiles, and also several common Fields, Mca-.dows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of Wimefwould, in the County of , was

committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the . Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} except Eighteen Persons, who are possessed of 153 Acres and a Half, and Fourteen Cottages, who refuted to sign the Bill; and Rickard Arnold, One of the said Persons, and who is possessed of One of the said Cottages, who said he appeared before the Committee on behalf of the said Persons, and that he believed, but could not assert it, that they would consent to the Bill if the Cottages were to have Five Acres apiece allotted them, which the Committee had Reason to believe they would have; and also except Thirteen Persons, who ate possessed of 176 Acres and Nine Cottages, Two of whom could not be found, and the remaining Eleven declared their Indifferency to the passing of the Bill j and that the Persons who consent to the Bill are possessed of 2,238 Acres and a Half, and 49 Cottages; and that no Person appeared before the Committee, except the said Richard to

oppose the Bill} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report to the House } and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered . the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout} and then a Second time, one by one} and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Newfam’s Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Name. g-jj tQ ena5je James Esquire, and his Heirs,

to take and use the Surname of Craggs, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of . the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout} and then a Second time, one by one } and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

SpaWing An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads *)!r Udridge fading from Spalding High , through

and by Frog nail, and over James Deeping Stone,

in the County of Lincoln, to MOut gang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining the high Road there,

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge, through Litticivcrth, and by Frognall, and over James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Outgattg, in the County of Northampton, adjoining the high Road there.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcotdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act: Aynteombe’* for veiling the settled Estates of Lilie Smith Ynscombe £lJa,e* Esquire, and Valentina, his Wife, in Trustees, to be Ibid. and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Ufesj and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned } was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Mayor of London, Sir William Calv, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Lyjier, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Smith, Lord Malpas, Mr. Calvert, Mr. Gore, Mr. TownJ-hend, Mr. McKenzie, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Gibbons, Mr.

More, Mr. White, Mr. Mackay, Sir John Barrington,

Mr. Bond, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. , Mr.

Bold, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Stanley, Sir John Turner,

Mr. Fonereau, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Budget!, Sir Cunliffe, Mr. George Onslow, Sir Edmund , Mr.

Butler, Mr. Hewett, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Powell,

Lord Verney, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Crajier;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Hertford, Surrey, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Nugent presented to the House, according to Importation Order, a Bill for the Importation of fine Italian Thrown lfal[a" gi[)f Silk: And the same was received} and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, by his Hetoa Majesty’s Command, Estimate of the Charge of the Troop*' Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJel, in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

1

ESTIMATE

Thomson’s

Mate.

Ward*

ElUtc.

30 Geo. II. of Mai 867

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave ofin the Pay of Great Britain,

pursuant to Treaty.

211 Days German Pay for 6,600 Infantry, from the 28th of to the 24th

of December 1757 -.....46,597 9 —

242 Days German Pay for 1,400 Cavalry, from the 27th of April, to the 24th

of December 1757 -.....25,078 — —

Pay for the 8,*oo, to the 24th December 1757 ——

247 Days German Pay for 3,300 Infantry, from the 2 2d of April, to the 24th

of December 1757 - - - - . - - -' 27,273 *4 —

124 Days German Pay for 700 Cavalry, from the 23d of August, to the 24th

of December 1757 -..... 6,119 9 6

Pay for the 4,000, to the 24th December 1757 ——

Remount Money for 700 Cavalry, at 80 Crowns - - - - 13,475-----

Levy Money for 3,300 Infantry, at 30 Crowns ----- 231821 5

Remount and Levy Money for the 4,000 - —

Ordinary Subsidy, at the Rate of 150,00* Crowns a Year, for the 8,000, from the 19th of December 1756, to the 24th of December 1757 - 36,588 3 7I

6 Months advanced Subsidy for the 4,000, from the Day of Requisition, till the Cavalry are by Treaty to enter upon Pay, viz. from the 22d of February to the 22d of August 1757, at the Rate of 150,000 Crowns a Year - - 18,046 17 6

124 Days, from the 23d of August, to the 24th of December 1757, ordinary

Subsidy for the 4,000, at the Rate of 75,000 Crowns a Year - 6,130 19 iOi

Subsidies 1757 ——

263 Days advanced Subsidy, at the Rate of 150,000 Crowns a Year, from the 6th of August 1756, to the 26th April 1757, the Day when the Cavalry enters into the Pay of Great Britain ----- 26,007 5

Remaining Moiety of Remount Money for the 1,400 Cavalry, payable when they take the Field - - 13,475 — —

War-Office, the id of May 1757*

Barrington.

s. d.

7^675 9 —

33*393 3 6 37,296 17 6

60,766 1 —

39,4*2 5 H

142,613 16

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of William Thom [on Esquire, in the County of Berks, to raise Money towards discharging several Mortgage Debts and Incumbrances affecting other Parts of his settled Estates in the same County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Beauchamp ProSlor,

Mr. Scott, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr.

Ellis, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Ryder, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Torke, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr . Fellowes, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. kinson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Affleck, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Crefzvell, Sir Ellis Cun/iffe, Mr. Mr.

eott, Mr. Olmius, Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Verney, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Charles Tozvnshend, Mr. Gafhry, Sir William Codrington, Mr. Symonds, Sir Charles Mordaunt , Mr. Courtenay, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Crajler, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Lamb ton, Mr. Tempest, Sir

If)am, Mr. Dodd, Sir Henry Grey, Mr. Mr. Pye,

Mr. Bowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Alexander, Mr.

Mr. Page, Mr. Yorkc, Mr. Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Chetzvynd, Mr. Harbord, Sir John Turner, Mr. Earle, Mr. Montagu, Mr. and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Berks and Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrotfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of Charles Ward, an Infant, to sell and convey Fart of his Estate in the County of wick, pursuant to an Agreement with the right honourable Francis Earl Brooke \ and for applying the Purchase-money in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the lame; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl Verney, Sir ll’m. Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. , Mr.

Vol. 27.

Hardiuge, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Cooke, Sir Ellis

Cunliffe, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lyjler, Mr.

Olmius, Mr. Poole, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Potter, Mr. 7n/?,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lockyer, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. More, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Charlton, Mr. Poole, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mr.

Cholmley, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Bond, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Sir

John Rushout, Mr. Amcotts, Lord Dig by, Mr.

Mr. Stanley, Mr. Pitt, S\r John Armitage, Mr. Digby; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Bucks, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted Eve/ham by Two Acts of Parliament, of the iff and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Eveftiam, in the County of Worcester; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of Worcester, and in the Counties of Warwick and Gloucester; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John -out, Mr, Berkeley, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Coventry,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Prozvfe,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Cust, Mr. , Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. More, Mr. Aldworth, Lord Strange, Mr. Ridley, Mr. White, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Ward, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Edmund Iftiam, Mr Mr.

Poole, Mr. Charlton, Mr. West, Mr. , Mr. Grenville, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Mr.

Mackey, Mr. Vernon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, Hereford, Oxford, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Kew Bridge Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from Old Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, to the

opposite

868

2" — 3° Mali- A. 1757:

pppofite Shore in the County Surrey, at a certain Place called Kew Ferry, or the Horse Ferry, or as near thereto We ft ward as conveniently may be, was re-committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Certain Ordered, That the several original Papers, containing

Accounts to Major General Shirley's Accounts, which have been pre--teturne . fcntccj to jj,c fjoufe In this Session of Parliament, be returned to the Office from whence they were brought.

Stnte The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of Minorca. ref0]ve jtfeif ;n{0 a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers and Accounts, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designs of the French, to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Mediterranean, and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Island of Minorca, during the Years 1755 and 1736;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

DiUcm’-er The Order of the Day being read, for the House to amonort resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Cau!c- the Bill more effectually to prevent the fprcadir.g of the Distemper now raging amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; '

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hovlfe, upon the said Bill.

Enecunjement The Order of tire Day being read, for the House to of Stamen. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in his Majesty’s Navy; and for establishing a regular Method for the pundual, speedy, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions attending the same; '

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bath Roads; The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets of the City of Balk, and Liberties thereof, and for regulating the Chairmen, and also for the keeping a sufficient and well regulated Watch in the Night-time in the said City and Liberties; and to oblige all Owners of Houses, and other Buildings, within the said City and Liberties, to bring down the Water from the Roofs of their Houses, and other Buildings, by proper Pipes down the Sides or Walls of such Houses and Buildings; and also to oblige all Coal Carriages to pals by the Borough Walls of the said City, during the Night Season; was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning:.

Bn'.ith The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

inicr). resolve itself into a Committee of the whole. House, to

-consider of the Report which was made from, the Co < -nr 11 tee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free Fishery, was referred; and

who were three]e ! to inquire into, and report to the J louse, the Stite of the said Fishery in general"; -

Resolved, That this Hoitfe will, upon Wednesday Mornt ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Encouraging resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon . 9lf!0,s the Bill for the Relief and Encouragement of the Cap- 0 "zcs' tors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House td 1 Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Y1 orfr-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. '

The other Order of the Day being read; 1

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means e"lli‘ for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they haddireded -him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. _ i

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow t Morning. " , ::

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesdlay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

’ )

The postponed Order of the Day being read; , ’

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the f ®ta:t whole House, to consider further of the several Papers 0 Mmorn' ' and Accounts, presented to the House in this Session of . Parliament, relating to Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designs of the French, to Preparations made, , and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty’s Dominions in the Mediterranean, and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Navy, and of the Island of Minorca, during the Years 175 J and 1756.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Potter took the Chair of the Committee. 1

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Potter reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

And the House having continued to fit till afterTwelve of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Ordered, That the Report be received this Day, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Nine of the I

Clock this Morning. j

Martisy 30 dieMaii;

Anno 30* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

f 1'lie. Lor, :s have aSree^ to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lo«w for dividing and mcloling several open and arable Meadow* Incioiuit.

and

Carr's

Mate.

Jamaica

Affairs.

30 Geo. !! 3* Mail. 869

and Pasture Grounds in the Parish of Loxley, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Elizabeth the Wife of Henry Thomas . Esquire, a Lunatic, to make an Appointment of a Sum of Three thousand Pounds towards the Payment of the said Lunatic’s Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed. That Mr. Wood, from the Office of One of his Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

1. A Proclamation for the encouraging ol Planters in his Majesty’s Island of "Jamaica in the West Indies, dated the 14th of December, in the 13th Year of King Charles the Second:

2. A Commission to Sir Thomas Lynch Knight, to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Hland of Jamaica, dated 2d September, in the 33d Year of King Charles the Second:

3. A Commission, appointing Sir Knight

to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated 28th of in the ill Year

of King James the Second:

4. A Commission, appointing Duke of Al-

bemarle to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated 25th November, in the ad Year of King James the Second:

5. A Commission, appointing Sir Header Baronet to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated the 25th of July, in the 1 ft Year of King William and Queen Mary:

6. A Commission, appointing William Esquire

to be Lieutenant Governor and Commander in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated 20th of September, in the 4th Year of King William and Queen Mary:

7. A Commission, appointing Sir William Beefton Knight to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated the 5th of January, in the nth Year of King William the Third:

8. A Commission, appointing Charles Earl of Peterborough and Monmouth to be Capt ain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated the 22d of December, in the ift Year of Queen Anne:

9. A Commission, appointing Thomas Handajyd Esquire to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated the 25th of March, in the 3d Year of Queen Anne:

10. A Commission, appointing Lord Archibald Hamilton to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated 15th of August, in the 9th Year of Queen Anne:

11. A Commission, appointing Lord Archibald Hamilton to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated the 15th of February, in the First Year of King George:

12. A Commission, appointing Peter Esquire

to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated the 26th of May, in the 2d Year of King George:

13. A Commission, appointing Thomas Pitt Esquire to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated the 13th of July, in the 2d Year of King George:

14. A Commission, appointing Sir Nicholas Lawes Knight to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated the 23d of August, in the 4th Year of King George:

15. A Commission, appointing Henry Duke of Portland to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated 31st of October, in the 8th Year of King George:

ib. A Commission, appointing Robert Hunter Esquire to be Captain General and General Governor over the Vol, 27.

Island of Jamaica, dated the x 8th of May, in the 13th Year of King George:

17. A Commission, appointing Robert Hunter Esquire to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated the 12th of September, in the ift Year of King George the Second:

18. A Commission, appointing Henry Cunningham Esquire to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated the ad ot July, in the 8th Year of King George the Second:

19. A Commission, appointing Edward Trelawney Esquire to be Captain General and Governor in Chief over the Island of Jamaica, dated the 31st of August, in the 1 ith Year of King George the Second:

20 Copy of a Letter under her Majesty’s Signature, to the Governor of Jamaica, directing him not to pass any Acts of an extraordinary Nature and Importance, without having first received her Majesty ’s P.eilure thereupon, dated the 8th November 1706: And also,

C py of a Commission, appointing Hender Esquire Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica, dated to November 1683:

Ditto, appointing Samuel Bernard Esquire, dated 20th December 1691:

Ditto, appointing Richard Brewer Esquire, dated 30th May 1702:

Ditto, appointing Thomas Handafyd Esquire, dated 20th June 1702:

Ditto, appointing Thomas H Esquire, dated 1 ith January 170^:

Ditto, appointing Thomas Bernard Esquire, dated 31st October 1717:

Ditto, appointing Charles du Bourgay Esquire, dated 2d November 17 21: v

Ditto, appointing James Lawes Esquire, dated 28th March 17 33:

Ditto, appointing John Stewart Esquire, dated 15th September 173-:

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preterved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, That Mr. Tomkins, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Quantity of Madder imported into England from Holland, for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Northey reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the real Estate of Henry Chivers Vince Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for raffing Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances directed to bepaid by a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was committed. That the Committee hid examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Petition of the Trustees whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts of Parlia-

10 ment.

Account of Madder Imported.

Vince’s

Estate.

Eyefhara

Roads.

70 ft Mali. 1757.

tnent, one passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending fevaral Roads leading to and from the Borough of Eveftiam, in the county of ; and the

other in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Terms and Powers granted by an Act passed in the First Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of and for

making the tame more effectual; and also of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, principal Inhabitants, refidinginor near the said Borough of Eveftiam, the several Towns, Parishes, and Places,

of B eng worth, Wickkamford, , Chip-

ping Campden, Bcurton on the Hill, Morton in

Fladbury, Norton, Harvington, Salford, Ink borough,

enham, Offenham, South North Littleton, C/eeve, Prior, Badfey, Allington, Hinton, Winch-

comb, Dumbleton, Sheriffs Lench, Church Lench, Hob Latch, pitch Lench, Nau Throckmorton,

ton. Hill Moore, Wyre, Piddle, Pinvin, and others, who live near, and frequently travel to and from, the said Borough of Eveftiam; was presented to the House, and jead; taking Notice, That by the Bill depending in the House for augmenting the Tolls, and for continuing and enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts, and for making the same more effectual, a certain Road leading across the Vale, from a certain Elm in Bengworth Field, to the lower End of Wickhamford, and so from Place to Place, as therein mentioned, to Campden, in the County of Gloucester, being about Nine Miles, is intended to be repaired, although the same all along from the said Elm to Dyer's Lane, leading to , lieth not a

Mile distant from the great Road already repaired to the Top of Broadway Hill, and but little, if any thing, out of the Wa.y to and from Eveftiam to Campden: And alleging, that to repair the said Road from Bengzvortk Elm to the Top of Willerfey Hill would cost -some Thousand Pounds, and, for many Years, exhaust much more than all the Money to be collected on all the said Roads, after Payment of the Interest now due on the Credit of the said former Acts, and appropriating a sufficient Sum for keeping the said Broadway Road in Repair, and not above Two Villages will be benefited thereby; and that the Tolls have hitherto been insufficient to repair the other Roads directed to be repaired, many Parts whereof are still in a very ruinous Condition: Wherefore the Petitioners beseech the House to take the Premises into Consideration, that effectual Care may be taken that the Roads intended and directed to be repaired by the said former Acts may have Preference, and be repaired before any of the new Roads mentioned in the said Bill; or that no more Money may be laid out on the said new intended Roads respectively, than what shall arise by the Tolls thereon respectively collected: That all Monies arising at the respective Turnpike or Turnpikes now erected by virtue of the said former Acts, may, after Payment.of the Interest of the Money now due on the Credit thereof, and applying a sufficient Sum for supporting the said Broadway Road, be laid out and expended in repairing the said several Roads respectively, and not otherwise, according to the Intention of the said First Act; and that the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or Counsel, upon the Matters aforesaid, against the said Bill, before the same pafieth into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Carr>g - An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

JSste. to impower Elizabeth the Wife of Henry Thomas Carr

Esquire, a Lunatic, to make an Appointment of a Sum 16

of Three thousand Pounds towards the Payment of the said Lunatic’s Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House; according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of a certain Common and waste Lands, called Peafte Marsh, lying within the Manor of Lofeley, and in the Parish of Nicholas, Guildford, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timfc.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets, of the City of Bath, and Liberties thereof, and for regulating the Chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well regulated Watch in the Night-time in the said City and Liberties; and to oblige all Owners of Houses, and other Buildings, within the said City and Liberties, to bring down the Water from the Roofs of their Houses; and other Buildings, by proper Pipes down the Sides or Walls of such Houses and Buildings; and acto to oblige all Coal Carriages to pass by the Borough Walls of the said City, during the Night Season; was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read according^;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Questioif severally put thereupon, feme of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent the Sifting of Dust or Ashes in the Streets.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill; And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable James Newfam Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Craggs, was committed, be now read,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same vvcrere?.d; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Sixteen thousand One hundred Nine* ty Pounds Five Shillings and Throe Pence, remaining in the Receipt ofilie Exchequer on the 10th Day of October 1756, of the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spiritucus Liquors, be issued and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty this Sdlion of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred and Forty thousand Five hundred and Six-ry-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence Half-penny, remaining in the Exchequer, beingthtr

Overplus

Lofty

Indoturt.

Bath

koadit

Newfams

Name.

War. and Meant.

30 Geo. II.

f Mail

Overplus of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1756* be iffqed and applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty this Session of Parliament*

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Imrortation Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 0t oatian to telolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Suit- ttpon the Bill for the Importation of fine Italian Thrown Silk, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nugent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nugent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

St»te«F Mr. Potter, according to Order, reported from the

Minorca, ind Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Admiral to considerof the several Papers and Accounts, presented Sa"Rdnat to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to °qua Intelligence concerning the Motions or Designs of the

French, to Preparations made, and Orders given, for the Equipment or Sailing of any of his Majesty’s Ships of War, or for the Defence of any of his Majesty's Dominions in the Mediterranean, and to the State and Condition of his Majesty’s Naand of the Hland of,

during the Years 1755 and 1756, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the Hous«; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That his Majesty, from the 27th At'guf 1755, to the 20th April 1756,received such repeated and concurrent Intelligence, as gave just Reason to believe that the French King intended to invade his Majesty’s Dominions of Britain or Ireland.

Resolved, That it appears ro this Committee, That his Majesty received repeated and concurrent Intelligence, from the Month of Au?vf 1753, ro the Month of April 1756, that, with Inrent to invade his Majesty’s Dominions, great Numbers of Troops were marched from the inrerior Parts of France to the Coasts of Picardy, Normandy, and Britany, great Quantities of Provision's, Artillery, and warlike Stoics, collected, and Numbers of Vell’cls for the Transportation ol Soldiers alleinbled in the Ports of France, opposite to the Coasts of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, in the Months of September, October, November, and December, 1755, his Majesty received various, repeated, and concurrent Advices, of the actual Equipping of a Squadron of Twelve Ships of the Line, belicles Frigates, at Toulon-, and that the said Armament would at latest be ready to fail very early in the Spring 1756.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, on the 4th of February 1756, in a Letter from Mr. Contul Birtles, dated Genoa, 17 January 1756, his Majesty received Advice of an Intention to lurpnle the IflancI of Minorca-, which was confirmed by many susbequent Advices of theatftuil Dcftination of the said Armament against the said Hland, received in the Month of February 1756.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That his Majesty icceived repeated and concurrent Intelligence, that the Toulon Squadron, which failed to Minorca, con-filling of Twelve Ships of the Line, was ill provided With Men and Guns.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That his Majesty, between the 30th of 1756, and the 6th

Vo L. 27.

of March 1756, received Intelligence that there was fitted and fitting for the Sea, at Breji and a Squadron

of Seventeen Ships of the Line, which, by Intelligence received the 7th March 1756, was to be augmented to Twenty-two Ships of the Line; feme of which were to be fitted out for transportingTroops; and by furtherlntelli-gence received, of the 31st of March 1756; was iricreafod to Twenty-three Ships of the Line, exclusive of Three Ships of the Line said to be destined for America.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Sir Edward Hawke received Orders to fail on the 27th ary 1756, and actually tailed on the 12th March following, on a Cruize to the Westw'ard, with a Squadron of Fourteen Ships of the Line; which Squadron, under the Command of Sir Edward Hawke, was, on the ift April 1756, ordered to be reinforced with Five Ships of the Line under Rear Admiral Holbourne.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, on the 8ih March 1756, Orders were given by the Commit

sioners of the Admiralty to get ready Ten Ships of the Line for the Mediterranean-, and, on the 11th of March 1756, Orders were given by the Commissioners of the Admiralty to Admiral Byng to take the said Ten Ships of the Line under his Command, and fit them for the Sea as soon as p-'ffible; and, on the 27th of March 1756, the Commissioners of the Admiralty were ordered to fend Ten Ships of the Line to the Hland of Minorca; which Ships failed on the oth of April following; which Ten Ships, at their Sailing, were fully manned, including the royal Regiment of Fufileers sent on board to serve as Part of their Complement, and which was ordered to be landed at Minorca, in case the Governor or Commander in Chief of that Island should think it- necessary for its Defence j and, as appears by a Letter from the said Admiral to the find Commissioners, were, in every respect, ready for failing.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, on the i ft of April 1736, there were Twenty-leven of his Majesty’s Ships of the Line cruising on the following Services; that is to say, Fourteen Ships of the Line cruising between Breji and Rochfort, under the Com? mar.d of Sir Edward Hawke, Five more of the Line ordered, under the Command of Admiral Holbourne, to join Sir Edward Hawke, One between Cape Clear and Scilly, One between Sciilyand Two off the Isle

of Bass, One off Cape Barfljur, Two in the Downs un- ’

der the Command of Admiral Smith, and One at and Twenty-eight Ships of the Lihe jn Commifinn at home; that is to say, Seventeen fitted for Sea, Ten fitting, and One in Harbour Service; all which were exclusiveof the Squadron under the Command of Admiral Byng, then under Orders to fail immediately for the Mediterranean; and that the Complement of the said Twenty-eight Ships of the Line at home amounted to 14,640 Men: and that there were borne upon the said Ships Books 9,89 Men, and 7,249 mustered.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, on the ift April 1756, there were Forty five Frigates, Sloops, and armed Ships, cruising on the following Stations; that is to say. Three under Sir Edward,

One off Breji, Two off the Isle of Bass, Four off Cape

Barf cur. Fourteen under Admiral Smith, Two at Dublin, One at Greenock, One at Whitehaven, Two at Liver* poo!, Two in King Road, One at One at Fal-

mouth, One at Exmouth, One at Yarmouth, One at , One in the Humber, One at Newcaf/e, One at Leith, One' at Sheerness going to Leith, Three Convoy to,

One Convoy from Of end, and then ordered to the Downs-, and there were at home Seventeen Frigates, Sloops, and Yachts, fitted and fitting for the Sea; the Complement* of which Seventeen amounted to 2,405 Men, of which 1,508 were borne, and 1,320 mustered.

Resolved, That it appears by the last Returns from norca, before the Siege, bearing Date the 31st July 17.55, that the Garrison of Fort Saint Philip's confided of 2,860 Men, Officers included; and 1 hat, on the ift February 1756, there were Thirty-five military Officers absent from

their

872 3° — 4° Maii. 1757.

State of their Duty, including the Governor and Commander in Ad3*nd Chief of the Island’ the Governor of Fort St. Philip's, By»g’j and the Colonels of the Four Regiments in Garrison there,

Squadron. the Governor of the Island being otherwise employed in his Majesty’s Service, the Governor of Fort Saint Philip's disabled by Age and Infirmities, Nineteen Second Lieutenants and Ensigns appointed between the lft tober 1755, and 4th of January 1756, and Nine Officers employed in the Recruiting Service in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That Major General Stuart did, in the Month of 1755,

receive Orders from His Majesty to repair to Minorca, in order to beaffistant to Lieutenant General then

commanding His Majesty’s Forces in that Island; and that, on the 3d of February following, the Colonels of the several Regiments then in Minorca received an Order from his Majesty to fend all the absent Officers of their respective Regiments to their Duty there, except such as it should be necessary to keep in Great Britain on the Recruiting Service.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, on the 28th of March 1756, a Detachment, with proper Officers, equal to a Battalion, was ordered to be sent from Gibraltar, to be landed for the Relief of Minorca.

Refolded, That it appears to this Committee, That, ‘on the 30th of March 1756, Orders were given for raising a Company of Miners, confiding of 200 Men; and, on the 7th of May 1756, Directions were given for fending Three more Battalions for the Reinforcement of the Garrison of Fort St. Philip's.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Squadron of his Majesty’s Ships in the Mediterranean, in the Month of December 1755, consisted of One Ship of 60 Guns, Two of Fifty, Four Frigates, and One Sloop; and that the Garrison of Fort St. Philip, in the said Month of December, according to the last Returns made the 31st of July 1755, consisted of 2,860 Men, Officers included; and that it doth appear, that no greater Number of Ships of War could be sent into the Mediterranean than were sent on the 6th of April 1756, nor any greater Reinforcement than the Regiment which was sent, and the Detachment equal to a Battalion, which was ordered to the Relief of Fort St. Philip's, confidently with the State of the Navy, and the various Services essential to the Safety of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Interest of his Subjects.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding at the End thereof, these Words, " but that all " Plans for the Execution thereof were laid aside by " the Court of France, as too dangerous and impracticable."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T*» *t} ,

Tellers for the Noes PrUm: } '«

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Thirteen following Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Ques--> tion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out from the Words " included; and that," to the End of the Resolution, in order to introduce the following Words instead thereof; " the not fending an " earlier and stronger naval Force into the Mediterranean than that which failed under Admiral Byng, notwithstanding the repeated Advices received by his Majes-

5*

ty’s Ministers of the Beginning and Progress of the " Fleet equipping at Toulon in the Year 1755, and of " the further Progress, as well as the Destination, thereof, " by a Letter received the 4th of February 1756, was " a principal Cause of the Lois of Minorca; and that the " not giving any Orders for the raising of Miners for " the Defence offort St. Philip (the Strength ot which " depended so much upon its Mines), until the 30th of " March 1756; and the delaying to lend any Rcinforcement of Troops whatever to the Island of Minorca, " until the Sailing of Admiral Byng, on the 6th of Apnl " 1756; are also other principal Causes of the Loss of " that Island

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out Hand Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j slmcZ’ Chert: }195-

Tellers for the Noes, jsl'JlTpimp. )"5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House, according to Orcfer, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon theingrofted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the honourable Charles Hope Weir Esquire, with Ann Fane, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Oswald took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill, and that no Counsel or Party appeared against the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to prevent the spreading of the Distemper now raging amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 Maii;

Anno 30° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757 - Prayers.

S)RDERED, T\\2it Mr. Peachey, Lord Downe, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Maxwell, Mr. Henry Pelham, Lord Milton, Mr. Cocks, Lord George Cavendish, Mr. James Bru-denell, Lord John Cavendish, Mr. Nicholson Calvert, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. John Calvert, Mr, Jennings, Mr. Dighy, Colonel Lee, Mr. Bri/lozve, Mr. Aldworth9 Mr. John Yorke, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Osbaldeston9 Mr. IVi/kinson, Mi. George Onslow9 Mr.

Boot,

Lm

respecting

Highway*

HoneWdr1*

Divorce.

Difompc*

amongst

Cattle.

Evesham

Road*.

‘Drainage.

Selling of i’oifoni*

Regulating Carrs and Carmen.

Answer to Address.

R u kard’s and others Debts to the Ciofeju

50 Geo. II. 4'Mail 873

Boone, Lord Powerfmcrl, Sir Sir Wm.

Beauchamp P*oftor, be added to the Committee, to whom

the Bill lor en'aiging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament* of the ift and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Eve/ham, in the County of Worcester; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of Worcester, and in the Counties of Warwick and Gloucester is committed.

Ordered, That Lord Carysfort be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill t »r draining and nreserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the several Parishes of Bamfcy, Bury, Wijtow, Warboys,

and Water Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddingtvn, in the Isle of Ely, and County of,

is committed.

Sir John Cust presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to restrain and limit the vending and disposing of Poisons: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved. That so much of an Act, made in the 18th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, relating to Carts used by Persons inhabiting within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and to allow such Carts to be drawn with Three Horses; and to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in Streets within the said Limits; as relates to the Milbe-haviour of the Drivers of such Carts; might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given tc bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 18th Year of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, relating to Carts used by Persons inhabiting within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and to allow such Carts to be drawn with Three Horses; and to prevent the Misbehaviour of the Drivers of Carts in Streets within the said Limits: And that the Lord Mayor of London and Mr. Norlhey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein to authorize the Justices of the Peace in London, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, from time to time, to afiefs and rate the Prices to be taken by Carmen for Carriage of Goods taken up in London, and carried out of London, into Westminster, and other Places contiguous to and enforce the Payment to the Carmen of the Prices which shall be so assessed; and also that they do make Provision for the better preventing of Obstructions in the public Streets, Lanes, and open Passages, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality by Carmen, Draymen, and Hackney Coachmen.

The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, That the Copy therein mentioned might belaid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of Samuel Rickards, Israel Mauduit, Archbald Mack lane, Edmund Lardner, and William , Assignees of the Estates and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, late Virginia Merchants, and Bankrupts, was presented to the House, and read; set-

Vol; 27.

ting forth, That several Writs of Extent were, on the 27th Day of April 1752. issued against the Estates and Ef-

feds of the said George Buchanan and William Hamilton; by virtue whereof several Effects belonging to them were seized into the Hands of the Crown; and that a Commission of Bankruptcy was on the same Day awarded and issued out against the said George Buchanan and William Hamilton, and the Petitioners werechofen Assignees under the said Commission: That the Petitioners, upon Application to the Conunissioners of the Customs, were informed that there was due to the Crown fr*-in the said Bankrupts Estates and Effects, the Sum of£. 10,466.4 1 and that it was agreed between the said Commissioners and Assignees, that the Assignees should enter into Bonds to his Majesty for the Payment of the Sum of £. 5,000* inTwo Months, and of the further Sum of£.5,466.4.1. 1 id, as they should be enabled to raise the same out of the Estates and Effects of the said Bankrupts; in Consider* ation whereof all the said Bankrupts Eft'efts, subject to the said Extent, should be delivered to the said Assignees; That the said Assignees, with the Approbation of the other Creditors of the Bankrupts, executed the said Bond for Payment of the said £. 5,000. and £. j,*66. 41. 11 and had the said Bankrupts Effects seized by virtue of the said Extent, which amounted only to the in m of £. 4,4 89.7 j. delivered to them; and that t he said A.ug ees» upon the firm Belief that the said Agreement was equally binding on both Parties; and that the said Bankrupts Effects would be discharged from all Claims and De-

v - r

mands of the Crown, have, in pursuance thereof, with the Concurrence of the other Creditors of the said Bankrupts, paid into the Hands of the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs the Sum of £.8,117. 7 \d. in

Part of the Money secured by their said Bonds, and are ready and willing to pay the Remainder of the Money for which they stand engaged by the said Bond, in case the said Agreement shall be established and confirmed, and the Bankrupts Effects totally discharged and difin-cumbered from all Debts and Securities to, and Claims and Demands of, the Crown, and without which the Cre: ditors of the said Bankrupts, whofj Debts claimed under the Commission amount to£.8o,oooo. and upwards, would never have concurred in the said Agreement; and further letting forth, that certain other Demands unknown and t never mentioned to the Assignees at the Time of theit entering into the said Agreement, have since been made by the said Receiver General, on account of Debentures not having been produced for Tobacco exported, to the Amount of £.1,383. i6r. 4^. as has been dated and certified by the said Commissioners of his Majesty’s Customs, upon a Reference from the Commissioners of the Treasury in that behalf: Wherefore and in regard the Agreement entered into between the said Assignees and Commissioners cannot be executed and established, and rendered effectual, to answer the Purposes thereby proposed, without the Sanction and Authority of an Act of Parliament, therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling and impowering the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty’s Treasury to direct die Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs, upon Payment to him by the Peritioners of the Sum of £.2,348.17X. tod. to give a Releaie and Discharge from all Debts due to the Crown from the Estates and Effects of the said Bankrupts, and to deliver up all Bonds and Securities for the fame, except Two Bonds entered into by Claud Johnson to his Majesty, as Surety for the Bankrupts.

The Lord Bateman, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Lid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Re Joined, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

10 N An

874 4° Man. A. 1757.

IJewfam*! An ingrossed Bill to enable James Newfam Esquire, and

'Name. jqe;rSj to take an(i use the Surname of Craggs, was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable James Esquire, and his

Issue, to take and use the Surname of Craggs.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wmefwould An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing several Inclosure. Commons or Wastes, and alto several common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of Wimefwould, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons or Wastes, and also several common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of Wimefwould, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tmjor’s for discharging John Lord Executor of ’Thomas

Efta, es* Lord Trevor, deceased, from the Sum of Eight thousand and Eight hundred Pounds, agreed by the said Thomas Lord Trevor to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands; and for confirming the Application made by the said John Lord Trevor of the said Eight thousand and Eight hundred Pounds towards the Discharge of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds charged on the Manor of Brom-ham, and other the Estates late of the said Thomas Lord Trevor, in the County of Bedford; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Bateman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Ediverds:

Mr. Speaker,

Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Corn. for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parlia-. ment, intituled, An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and also upon such Corn, Grain, Meal, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or shall be, taken from the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom, without any Amendment: And also,

D'. ft illation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act /rom Corn. for continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the making of low Wines and Spirits from Wheat, Barley, Malt, or any other Sort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour, without any Amendment: And also,

Bagshot The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road. for repairing the Road from a Place called the Golden Farmer, near Bagshot, in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton, without any Amendment: And also,

Hamburgh The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Iodofure. for dividing and inclosing the commori Fields, Grounds, and Meadows, in the Manor and Phrish of Baumber, otherwise Bamburgh, in the County of Lincoln, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vince* An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for vetting Part of the real Estate of Henry Chivers Vince Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Money to discharge Debts and Incumbrances directed to be paid by a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Northey do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Licensing regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in Cities and A*el, ou,‘*-Towns Corporate within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Sir Willoughby Aston, Sir John Philipps, the Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Northey, and Mr. Barrow, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to jan)1:M resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Affaii*. consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House upon the 18 th and 24th Days of February, and the 17 th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor,

Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica-, and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of the several and respective Merchants, importation Owners and Commanders of Ships, and others, trading of to Leghorn, and other Parts of Italy, whose Names are Iu^4n thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That a Bill is depending in the House, for granting Liberty for the bringing of fine Italian thrown Silks from any Place whatsoever into this Kingdom, during the Continuance of the present War with France only; and representing to the House many Evils which, the Petitioners apprehend, will accrue to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom in general, if such Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to grant them Leave to b; heard against the passing the said Bill into a Law, either by themfeWes or Counsel, or to give them such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet; and taking Notice, that Advice was just received, that the Ships from Leghorn failed the 18th of with 2,000 Bales of Silk on board.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Importation of fine Italian thrown Silk is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Importers of raw and thrown Silks, p;^ and of the Manufacturers of raw Silks, was also presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the said Bill; and alleging. That if the same be carried into a Law, as it now stands, it will prove highly injurious to the Petitioners, as well as to all other British Importers of raw and thrown Silks, and also to the Manufacturers of raw Silks in this Kingdom: And therefore praying to be heard, at the Bar of the House, against passing the said Bill into a Law, as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until she Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the,

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly 1

Ordered,

jo Geo. II. 4° — 5

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such of the Merchants and Manufacturers concerned in the Silk Trade, as shall be desirous to be beard in favour of the said Bill, be admitted to be heard at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Thames An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Preservation Fishery. and Improvement of the Fry and Spawn of Fish in the River of Thames, and Waters of Medway; and for the better regulating the Fishery thereof; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill , viz.

Pr. 7. L. at. To leave out " Lord:*’

Pr. 17. L. 32. To leave out " Lord."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the Spawn and Fry of Fish in the River of Thames, and Waters of Medway; and for the better regulating the Fishery thereof.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Charter- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

house Estates. enable t|)e Governors of the Hospital of King

founded in Charter-koufe, to sell and convey the Manor of B/acktoft, and divers Lands and Tenements, in the County of York; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, for the Benefit of the said Hospital; was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayniun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ynscombe’j Ordered, That Mr. Hamilton, Mr. , Mr. Gybbon,

Eibte*. ]VIr. Vansittart, Colonel Griffin, Lord Henry Beauclerk, Mr. Poole, be added to the Committee, to whom the in-groflld Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the let tied Eilat es of Lilie Smith Aytfcombe Esquire, and Valentina, his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the likeUfes; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; is committed.

improTfaent* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Crois.Ann8 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ' consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge crols the River Thames, from the City octo the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was referred; and who were impowered to receive Proposals from Persons who would undertake, by Contract, to widen the Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall-,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

British The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free Fishery was referred;

and who were directed to inquire into, and report to the House, the State of the said Fishery in general;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Vol. 27.

'Mail 875

Ordered, That the Petition of the Free Fishery

Chamber of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland,

be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Distempet to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemocr now raging amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a feiect Committee:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Gore, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellovoes, Sir John Cufl,

Mr. Barrow, Sir John Turner, Mr. Mr. More,

Mr. Colleton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Berkeley, Lord

Mayor of London, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Northey, Mr. Cholmley, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Van-Jit tart, General Cornwallis, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Reynolds,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Frobyn, Mr. Lambton, Sir John Gordon, Mr, Hanger, Sir George Lee, Mr. Alderman Beckford, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Harrison, Colonel Griffin, Mr.

Young, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Fonereau, Mr.

Glmius, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Calvert, Sir Lynch Cotton, Mr. Towns-hendy "Lord Bateman, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Webb, Mr. Earle,

Mr. Frederick, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. George , Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Morton, Mr Powell, Mr. Mr.

Hume, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Trift, Mr. And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die Maii;

Anno 30° Georgii II" Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Launceston to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunheved, alias in

the County of Cornwall, in the room of Humphry Morice Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Clerks Comptrollers of his Majesty’s Houshold.

Sir Lynch Cotton reported from the Committee, to wham Wrexham,

the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, *c-the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Ro*"‘ Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, and through the Towns of Halkin and Holywell to the Town of Rhuddlan, in the same County, and from thence

through the Town of Abergeley, in the said County of bigh, to the Ferry House opposite to the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarnon; and from Ruthin, in the said County of Denbigh, to the said Town of Mold, in the said County of Flint; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone

through

876 f Mali. A. 1757.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the IHouse j and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Repott was read,

And several of the Amendments, made by the Cora-tnittec to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the red were agreed t<^ by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the B11 be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

WtIHow Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of P alias in the County of Cornwall, in the room of William Noel Esquire, flow One of the Justices of his Majesty’s Court of Common fleas at Westminster.

Hope Weir’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Divorce, to dissolve the Marriage of the honourable Charles Hope Weir Esquire, with Ann Pane, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned} was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ojwald do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the some, without any Amendment.

Poole Gate Sir Richard Lyttelton reported from the Committee, Roads. 15 whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Cate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, and also of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Winhorne Minster, in the County of Dorset, to them referred } and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. L. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Member And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having

takes Oaths, taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Poole Gate The Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Roads. £{]], jn Fo. L. being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Word " South," and inferring the Word " North," instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Word " South" Rand Part of the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting from doll, Materials for Building, bud, and Funerals, belonging to bVinborne

And the Question being put. That the fold Clause be

brought up;

Ti.e House divided. The Y eas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j Stmf:' }

Tel, erOor, KcNoe^X2'"W&‘ }

7-

106.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for compounding with the Inhabitants o! -

fter for loll at Waif or d Bridge Gale.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Courtenay, Mr. , Mr. Ear It, Brandon Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Moreton, Sir Robert Duinsgej Long, Mr. Robirfon, Mr. Whittington, Mr. Thomas Co-

ventry, Sir William Courtenay, Mr. Eger ton. Sir Francis Drake» Mr. Gorges, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Wig-ley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sam's Cut Drain; and for impowering the Governor,

Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invfled Lands-, is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Importation to extend the Liberty granted by an Act of the 23d Year of iron-of the Reign of his present Majesty, of importing Bar Iron from his Majesty’s Colonies in America into the Port of London, to the rest of the Ports of Great Britain; and for repealing certain Clauses in the said Act; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 0 Seame"' the Bill for the Encouragement cf Seamen employed in his Majesty’s Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, speedy, and certain Payment of their Wages, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions attending the fame;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad- Call of the journed till this Day Two Months. House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Selling of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole w^ht^&c. House, to consider further of the Report, which, upon Friday the 28th Day of January last, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Encoungwj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

lid er

Law!

respectng

Highways,

1

l

!-.ii

fcj

1

1

BritHH

FiUicry.

Encourage* rron of icuiii cn.

Wrfxham,

See.

Road.

Koval A flint to Bills.

30 Gr.o. II. 50 — 877

fider further of the Bill to render more efl'eftual the so-vcral L-aws now in being for tl:e Amendment and Pre-fi.rv.it ion of the public Highways and Turnpike Roadsot this Kingdom.

Rei'Aaed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve iticA into a Conmrtee oi ti e who<e House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Com-n.ittec, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Com nittce, to w hom the Petition of the Society of the Five Britfi:F ti: ry, was referred ;and who were d.reefed to inquire into, ai d rap rt to the House, the State of the said Fithcry in gene a!.

The postponed Order of the Dav being read;

The Ho use resolvid itfeit into a Commit;.e of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Fncouragement of Seamen employed in his Maie fly’s Navy, arid h r establishinga regular Method for the ’punctual, speedy, and certain Payment ot their Wages, and for preventing Frauds and Imp fitionsattending the fame.

Mr. Speaker hit the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker n.fumed the Chair.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee that they had g*ne through the ini!, and nude tcvcral Amendments thereunto; which they laid directed him to report, when the House will ple.ife to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Cloek.

Veneris, 6° die Maii;

Anno jo9 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757. Prayers.

SI R Lynch Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads trom the Town of in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of A in the County of Flint, and through the Towns of llalkin and Holy it ell, to t’-e To wan of R/iuddlan, in the same County, and from

thence through the Town of in the said County of Denbigh, to the Ferry I Joule opposite to the Towm of Con-wry, in the County of Car Maori', and from Ruthin, in the said County of Denbigh, to the said Town of Mold, in the said County of Flint -, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tl<; Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being fitvcrally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir Henry Bellenden, Gentleman Usher of the Biack Rod:

Mr. Sneaker,

i 7

The King commands this honourable House to attend his MajJty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House ot Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afient to the several public and private Bills following;

An Act to testify a Mi Rake in an Act, pa fled this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting of his Majesty’s Land forces and Marines:

An Act for continuing an Act of this present Session Von. 27.

of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prohibit, for a limited lime, the Miking of low Whies arid Spirits from W iieat, Barley, Malt, or any minrSort of Grain, or from any Meal or Flour:

An Act for continuing an Act of tlds present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to ducontinue, for a limited Time, the Duties upon Corn and Flour imported, and a:so upon such Corn, Grain, Alia1, Bread, Biscuit, and Flour, as have been, or thall be, takeu hum the Enemy, and brought into this Kingdom:

An .\ft to extend the Liberty granted by an Act of the 23d A ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, of imparting Bar Iron from his Majesty’s Colonies in America into the Port of London, to the rest of the Poits ot Great Britain; and for repealing certain Claul’es in the said.

Act:

An Act for rebuilding the Bridge over the River lie, between the Towr.ships of Prcjion and Penwortham, near a Place called the Ftjh House, in the County Palatine of Lav.caster:

An Act for rebuilding and keeping in Repair the Shire Hall of the Couni y ot Warwick:

An Act; for enlarging the Term, and amending and '* altering several Powers, granted by an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, for opening, clear.sing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of wold, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for bu iding a Btidge over the River Zft*, at or near a P:a< e called Jenny's Ferry, anebfor making, repairing, and widening, Reads from thence into the gieat Roads, at Sumejbrcohe, in the Count) of Essex, and

at Clapton, in the County of M

An / ft for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, pa fib d in the 20th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high Road leading from the Non!. End of the Cow Causey, near the Town of Newcajileupon Tv tie, to the Town of Belford, and from

thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of

land; and for making the same more effectual:

An Act for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament for rej airing the Roads between a P.ace called the White Pojt on Alconbury and Wansford Bridge, in the County of Huntingdon, and between Norman Crofts Hill, in the said County, and the City of Peterborough, with respect to the Elections of new Trustees, the Power of compelling Persons, employed by the Trustees in the Execution of such Acts, to deliver up such Books and Papers relati g thereto, as are in their Custody; and also to the Manner of lununoning and holding the Meetings of the Trustees.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two several Acts, passed in the 14th Year of his present Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called the Red House, near Doncaftter, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dew/Lury,

High Town, and Light elljfe, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of and the other

for repairing the Road from Wa to and from thence to a Place called /-/v,land, in the Fownship of Henfall,.and from PontefraSl t Went bridge, in the

Townth ip of Darrington, in the West. Ridingot trie County of York:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Pam im. nt, one passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, and the other in the 9th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Crown in

the Town of Reading, leading by and through the several Pariflres of Shinfield and Ileckfteld, in the levenl Coun-

ties of Berks, Wills, and Southampton, loBafingfloke, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the North End 01 Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of next Guldeford, through Guldejord, to Andrew's Crofts, and t Aljord Bars, in the County of Surrey, and trom

tlienee to Saint Mary's Gate in in the County

ot Sussex:

10 O An

b'y

878 6° Maii.A. 1757*

Royal Assent An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Re-to Bills. pair, the Roads leading from the V illage of , in

the County of Surrey, through to the Top of

Dundon Hill, and from to Bridge, in

the County of Sufj'ex:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of hispre-sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of so far as the

lame relates to certain Roads mentioned in the said Act:; and also to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act: passed in the 27th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the 26th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of;

&nd to repair several other Roads leading into the said City; and for building a Bridge cross the River of nan:

An Act for repairing the Road from a Place called the Golden Farmer, near Bag/h,in the County of Surrey, to Hertford Bridge Hill, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for veiling the settled Estate of George William Earl of Coventry, in the County of Cambridge, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same ;and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, lying nearer to his Estate, in the Counties of Worcester, Gloucester, and Warwick, to be settled to the Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for discharging John Lord Executor

of 'Thomas Lord Trevor, deceased, from the Sum of Eight thousand and Eight hundred Pounds agreed by the said Thomas Lord Trevor to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands; and for confirming the Application made by the said John Lord Trevor, of the said Eight thousand and Eight hundred Pounds towards the Discharge of the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds charged on the Manor of Bromham, and other the Estates late of the said Thomas Lord Trevor, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for impowering the Guardians of Henry Lord Arundell of Wardour, and Thomas Arundell, his Brother, both Infants, to make Leases and Copyhold Grants of their several Estates during their respective Minori-'ties:

An Act for impowering Henry Viscount Irwin, George Ingram, his Brother, and Charles Ingram, his Nephew', to settle Part of the said Viscount Irwin's Estate, upon the Marriage of the said Charles; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for regulating and improving certain Benefactions vested in the Rector, and Principal, Professors, and Mailers, of the University and College of:

An Act to impower Sir John Shaw Baronet, to make a Partition, during the Minority of John his Infant Son, of certain Premises devised to him by the Will of Dame Anna Maria Shaxv, Widow, deceased:

An Act for' Sale of Part of the settled Estates of George Chafin the elder and George Chafin the younger, Esquires, in the Counties of Dorset and for Payment of

their Debts; and for rendering a Power, in a certain Settlement therein mentioned, for making Jointures, more effectual; and for other Purposes:

An Act for vesting certain Tythesand Hereditaments in the Isle of Wight, the Estate and inheritance of Thomas Bagfter Esquire, a Lunatic, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming the Title of William Welby Esquire, to certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Lincoln, purchased of Francis Fyjher Esquire; and for veiling and settling other Estates of the said Francis Fyjher, in the said County, upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes, therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Lilias Montgomerie, of Skelmorly, to fell Lands in the County of Renfrew; and to lay out . the Monies arising thereby in the Purchaseof Lands contiguous to other Lands of the £ud Lilias,

in the County of Air; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Mary Hearle Widow, Thomas Hearle Clerk, and John Rogers Esquire, Guardians of Margaret Hearle, Jane Hearle, Betty Hearle, and Harriet Hearle, Infants, to make Leases of several Estates in the County of Cornxva/l, and also Setts and Lealesof the Mines therein, and to carry on Adventures, during the Minority of the said Infants:

An Act for establishing and rendering effectual certain Articles of Agreement for the dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Meadow Grounds, and Common or Waste, in the Township of ,in

the County of the City of York; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain common Fields, common Failures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, within the Parish of Wolf-hampeote, in the County of

An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Towrt Fields of West Mat fen, and a small Common or waste Ground thereto adjoining, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, common Grounds, and waste Grounds, in the Manor and Lordllrip of Pryors Marston, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Fields, Meadows, and Commons, in the Manor of Fulford, in the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of common Ground in the Manor of in the County of

York-, and forgiving Compensation to the Prebendary of Strenfall aforesaid, and his Farmer, and the Vicar of Strenfall, in lieu of their respective Tythes and ecclesiastical Dues out of the said Parcel of Ground:

An Act for establishing and rendering etTdual'Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the open Fields and common Grounds in in the Coun-

ty of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Thornton, otherwise Bishop Thornton, Moor, Hinted Failure, or Common,

within the Manor of Bishop Thornton with in

the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several open and arable Meadow and Pasture Grounds, in the Parish of Loxley, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the common Fields, Grounds, and Meadows, in the Manor and Parish of Baumber, otherwise Bamburgh, in the County of Lincoln: An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the honourable Charles Hope Weir Esquire, with Ann Pane, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to di Active the Marriage of Thomas Nut hall Gentleman, with Lucy Sre/r,his now Wile, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing John Durade.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fide, and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Samuel Jackson Esquire, now called Samuel ton, and his Heirs Male, to take and use, in Exchange for his and their own Surname and Arms, the Surname and Arms of Dodington, pursuant to the Will ot George Dodington Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Residue of the Amendments made to the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of

and

Ta:kfon‘i

Njn*-

Wrext»m' &c. Road-

Molineux*

Marriage

Articles.

fcir

Bridge.

Accounts; Duty on Rice.

Duty on Hides.

Duty on Tailow.

Laws

respetfin

Highways.

Supply.

30 GEd. II.

and through the Towns of and to the

Town of Rhuddlan.in the same County, and from thence through the Town of in the said County of Denbigh, to the Firry Uov.fi opposite to the Town of

Conway, in the County of Carnarvon-, and from Ruthin, in the said County of Denbigh, to the said Town of Mold, in the said County of Flint; were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them weredifagreed to, and the relt were agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments) be ingrafted.

s Sir Cor del Firebrace reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Kill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for carrying into Execution Articles of Agreement entered into before, and in Consideration of, the Marriage of CriJ'p Molineux Esquire with Catherine Montgomerie, his now Wife, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same ro be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the lloule, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge cross the River

o o c

of Thames, from Old Bren'ford, in the County of

dlesex, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, at a certain Place called KezvFerry, or the or as near thereto West ward as conveniently may be, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 22. After " Bridge." to insert " or Bridges."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refn/ved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River ot Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the

Pari,'h of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir IFiHiam Beauchamp do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and deliie their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the grots Charge and net Produce of the Duty on Rice imported into this Kingdom, for Seven Years last past; distinguilliing each Year; and also the Amount of the Drawback of the Duty upon Re-exportation of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duty on raw Hides imported into this Kingdom from Ireland, for Seven Years iaft past; distin-guitliing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Duty upon Tallow imported into this Kingdom from Ireland, for Seven Years last:past; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve it felt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

87$

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Troops of the Landgrave of Hejje Cassel in the Pay of Great Britain, pursuant to Treaty, be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to an<* ^eans* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the importation Report from the Committee of the whole House, to ot Italian whom the Bill for the Importation of fine Italian thrown Silk, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Nugent accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

And the Petitioners relating to the Bill, and the Manufacturers concerned in the Silk Trade, who had desired to be heard in favour of the Bill, were called in:

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of the several and respective Merchants, Owners, and Commanders of Ships, and others, trading to Leghorn, and other Parts of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed: And also.

The Petition of the Importers of raw and thrown Silks, and of the Manufacturers of raw Silks, were read:

And One of the Petitioners the Merchants, Owners and Commanders of Ships, and others, trading to Leghorn, and other Parts of Italy, was heard, and produced a Witness in Support of their Petition:

And One of the Manufacturers concerned in the Silk Trade was also heard, and produced several Witnesses in Answer to the said Petition:

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to Third Bolognia Silk Tram of the Growth of Italy,

Turkey, Perfta, East India or China, Silk:

And the said Clause was once read, with Blanks:

The House was moved, That a Clause in an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of Queen of Anne, intituled.

An Act for the Importation of fine Italian thrown Silks, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Clause was read a Second time; and the Blanks therein being filled up, the same was amended.

Then the said Clause was, upon the"Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House VoL. 27.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Samuel , Israel

Mauduit, Archbald Macklane, Edmund Lardner, and

Rickards. and or hex $ Debts to the Crown.

6° M

Encouraging Captors of Prizei.

British

Fishery.

Encourage> ment of Seamen.

Jackson's

Marne.

I veil Navigation.

880 66 — 9

William Cook, Assignees of the Estates and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, late Virginia Merchants, and Bankrupts:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery was referred; and who were directed to inquire into, and report to the House, the State of the said Fishery in general;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in his Majesty’s Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the pundual, speedy, and certain, Payment of their Wages, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions attending the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Maii. . 1757;

Bridges in the Town of Shejford, in the said County of Bedford, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields lying within the Parish or Township of Morton, otherwise Morton Morrel, in the County of Warwick, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Smith Ynscombe Esquire, and Valentina his Wile, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money ari-fingby I'uch Sale in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was committed, That the Committeehad. examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfadioo ot ihe Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to impower Elizabeth the Wife of Henry Thomas Carr Esquire, a Lunatic, to make an Appointment of a Sum of Three thousand Pounds towards the Payment of the said Lunatic’s Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

foil. Sir James Creed, Mr. Anson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Page, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hardings, Mr. Mr. Torke,

Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Pro Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Hanger, Mr. Boulton, Mr. Plum Mr. Vernon, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. wynd, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Calvert, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. More, Sir John Cu/l, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Webb, Mr. Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Mabbott, Sir Cordel Mr.

Sir ll m. Beauchamp Prollor, Mr. Fonereau, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Mai pas, Mr. Bacon, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Trijl Lord Verney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Cumberland, W moreland, and Lancasler: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

L/tinoCy 9* die Mali;

Anno 30* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757. Praters.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Samuel Jackson Esquire, now called Samuel Dodington, and his Heirs Male, to take and use, in Exchange for his'and their own Surname and Arms, the Surname and Arms of Dodington, pursuant to the Will of George Dodington Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the ttiver Ivel, and the Branches thereof, navigable from the River Ouze, at Tempsford, in the County of Bedford, to Shot ling Mill, otherwise called Burnt Mill, in the Parish of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, and to Black Hor/e Mill in the Parish of in

fiie said County of Hertford, and to the South and North *7

An ingossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to the Town of Mold, in the County of Flint, and through the Towns of Halkin and Holywell to the Town of Rhudin the same County, and from thence through the Town of in

the said County of Denbigh, to the Ferry House opposite to the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin, in the said County of Denbigh, to the said Town of Mold, in the said County of; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 9. After" laid," to inlert " respective Districts."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do past: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint, and from the Town of Mold to Holy-

well, and Rhuddlan, in the same County; and from thence to the Ferry House opposite the Town of Conway,

Morton

Inclosure.

Afnfcombe’g

Estatef,

Car*

EOate*

Wrexham, &c. Road,

Vho; n Ton’s dilate.

Molinfiix’i

Marriage

Aiiic

Importation

of

Italian Silk.

Regulating Catts and Carmen.

Jamaica

Affairs.

,o Geo. II.

Salt

way, In the County of Carnaand from to

the hid Town of Mold.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynafon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Thomson Esquire, in behalf of

himself, and Hale and Eleanor his Wife, and Thomas Rlarsham and Ann his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill which is depending in the House for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of

IViHiam Thomson Esquire, in the County of to

raise Money towards dil'charging several Mortgage Debts and Incumbrances affecting other Parts of his settled Estates in the same County: And alleging, that the Petitioner is thoroughly convinced, and doubts not to make appear, that the said William Thomson was prevailed on by falle Pre ences, Threats, and personal ill Treatment, and also from a total Ignorance of the Consequences that must ensue, to lign the Articles recited in the Bill, and to give his Content to passing the Bill at the House of Lords: And therefore praying, That the Petitioned may be heard before the Committee of this Hotlfe, to whom the said Bill is committed, what he has to offer against the said Bill pa fling into a Law, and that the Bill may not pals without the voluntary personal Content of the said ll ilium Thomson.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

An ingr fled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for c.-Tying into Execution Articles of Agreement entered into before, and in Confederation of, the Marriage of Cri/p Molineux Esquire, with Catherine , his

now Wife, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Cor del Fir ebr ace do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the Importation of fine Italian thrown Silk, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title

be, An Act for the Importation of fine organzined Italian thrown Silk.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defiie their Concurrence.

The Lord Mayor of London presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act made in the 18th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent the Misbehvaiour of Drivers of Carts in Streets within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and to authorize the Justices of the Peace in London to rate the Prices to be taken by Carmen for Carriage of Goods taken up in London, and to enforce Payment of the Rates as shall be set; and to prevent Obstructions in the public Streets, Lanes, and open Paffiiges, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, by Carmen, Draymen, and Hackney Coachmen: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Oswald, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Add re fifes to his Majesty,

Copy of the Title of a public Act passed by the Legislature of the Island of Jamaica, in 1753, in which a Clause is interted, suspending the Execution thereof till it has received the royal Confirmation:

Copies of the Titles of all such Acts passed by the Legislature of Jamaica, with the Time of their passing, which have been traniinitted from that Island, and had not received the royal Confirmation or Disallowance before the 25th Day of March 1747:

Copy of an Act of the Governor, Council, and Af-Vol 27.

1 , A

fembly, of Jamaica, relating to the Removal of the Courts,

of Justice from the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, in the Island of Jamaica, to the Town of , in the said

Island, passed in the Year 1755.

Together with a List of the said Copies.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to restrain and limit the vending and disposing Selling tit of Poisons, was read a Second time. Poison*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cust,

Mr. Fatakerley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Oswald, Mr.

Ftllowes, Mr. Anson, Mr. Hardtnge, Mr. Aldworth, Sic John Philipps, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Fairfax, Mr. Samuel Martin, Mr. Alderman Mr. Boulton, Sir James Creed, Mr. George Onslow, Lord

Barrington, Mr. Bagot, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Calvert, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Kynaston, General Cornwallis, Mr. Digby, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm.

Beauchamp ProSlor, Mr. Sandys, Sir Francis Poole, Mr*

Budgen, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Thoroton, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Hanger, Mr Vernon, Mr. Coventry, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Nortkey, Sir John Turner, Mr. Crefwell, Mr. Morton, Mr. Hayes, Lord

Downe, Mr. Fonereau, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Lewis, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Shelley, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Plumer,

Sir Whijller Webster, Mr. Brijlowe, Sir Thomas Clavering, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Walter: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s,

Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. George Onslow reported from the Committee, to Attuning whom the Bill for the morceffectual Punishment of Per- Good* by fons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by falte or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers,

Servants, and Apprentices; was committed, That the Committee had heard Counsel upon the Petition of te-veral Persons under the Denomination of Pawnbrokers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, following that Business, and no other, referred to the said Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Encouraging to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Captor* upon the Bill for the Relief and Encouragement of the Pnae* Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nugent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nugent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made teveral Amend* ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Improvement to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Charing

10 P CQnfider Cr0&‘

882 9er~~*IC

consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of thte Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Wtfim'mfter to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was referred; and who were impowered to receive Proposals from Persons who would undertake, by Contract, to widen the Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a- Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Poole n»te -An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more Roads, effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, was read the Third time-The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j Pr. 4. L 8. To leave out from " erected" to on " the," in L- 11:

L. 11. To leave out " and within One "" hundred Yards."

'And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening several Roa Is leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Lyttelton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Law* The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ilf bwa"f Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the U wa>*. g.jj rencjer more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philipps took the Chair of the Committee.

: Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

’ Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Harris: 4

Mr. Speaker,

Militia. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments the i Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply. ' The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty between his Majesty and the Landgrave of Caffe!, signed at Hanover the 18th of June 1755, and Translation; which were presented to the House upon the 26th Day of November 1755; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair- Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed

1 Mali. 1757.

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *Q<* Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- RickanI. and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole «hersDeb« House, to consider of the Petition of Samuel Rickards, ,otheCroWD-Israel Mauduit, Archbald Maclane, Edmund Lardner, and

William Cook, Assignees of the Estates and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, late Virginia Merchants and Bankrupts.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, British resolve ii ft If into a Committee of the whole House, to FHhety. consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery, was referred; and who were directed to inquire into, and report to the House, the State of the said Fishery in general.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 10 0 die Mali \

Anno 30* Georgii II41 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl of confirming a Partition between William Earl of Dart- Dartmouth’* mouth and Frances Katherine Countess of Dartmouth, his Wa* Wife, and Sir William Maynard Baronet, of several Estates in the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Surrey,

Suffolk, and Hertford, and in the City of London; and for veiling and settling the intire Premifts to the several Uses therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee, to Ramsey whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Drainage. Lands and low Grounds in the several Parishes of Ramsey,

Bury, Wiftow, Warboys, Farcettt, Stand-ground, and Wattt

Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of -

ton, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of about 1,540 Acres (the Whole of the Lands intended to be drained confiding of 9,118 Acres, or thereabouts) who, having been applied to, laid they had no Objection to the Bill; and except the Proprietors of 145 Acres, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of io3 Acres, who could not be found; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had difefted him to report to the House; and be

3o Geo. II. io 0 Maii883

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wi *cre the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Southwark Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee, to whom Market, the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his pre-Cent Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overfens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of , in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not

interfering with the high Street in the said Borough, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tint the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed. That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ward’s Mr. Bayntun reported from the Committee, to whom £state. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of Charles , an Infant, to sell and convey Part of his Estate in the County of

tvick, pursuant to an Agreement with the right honourable Francis Earl B; and for applying the Purchase-money in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the fame; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be trile; and that the Parties concerned fad given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that ihe Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

North Mims Mr; IVcIl reported from the Committee, to whom the &<-. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to ludoiurc. a('certain, establish, and confirm, the Boundaries of the Manors and I’arish es of North and , so far

.as the same extends to and upon the several Commons called North Mims and Nor thaw Common, in the County of Hertford, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to^eport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 39. Leave out from "Ad" to " Saving," io Pr. 7. Line 5.

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the , House.

Account of Ordered, That the Chief Cashierof the Governor and S; bferu rior.? Company of the Bank of England do lay before this tv 3 millions. j-jouie> a;) Account of the Amount of the Subscriptions towards railing the Sum of Three Millions intended to be raised by Annuities, pursuant to the Resolutions of this House of the 28th Day of last.

Ordejf of the A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

- ' Ibat the Orders of the Dav be now read;

Voi,. 27,

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller* for the Yeas, {^Halda: }«

Tellers for the Noes,{Sjr_"^ }tj.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Jh®*?ca resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to A®u"' consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 1 yth Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee;

Ordered, That the several Books and Papers relating to the Governor, Council, and Assembly, of which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, and which are not already referred to the said Committee, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Day of February, and the 17 th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor,

Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Supply; Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. Charlton reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-six thousand Five hundred Ninety-seven Pounds Nine Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of German Pay for Six thousand Six hundred Foot, with the General and Staff Officers, and Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 28th of May, to the 24th of December,

1757-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand and Seventy-eight Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of German Pay for One thousand Four hundred Horle, with the Officers of the Hospital, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel in the Pay ' of Great Britain, from the 27th of April, to the 24th of Decent bet, 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Two hundred Seventy-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of German Pay for Three thousand Three hundred Foot, with the General and Staff Officers, and Train of Artillery, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 22d of April, to the 84th of December; .17 57.

Resolved,

io* — 11° Mail.

4-1757*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand One hundred Nineteen Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the Charge of German Pay for Seven hundred Horse, the Troops of the Landgrave of Hesse CaJJel in the Pay of Great , from the

23d of August, to the 24th of , 1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand Two hundred Ninety-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Remount and Levy Money for Seven hundred Horse and Three thousand Three hundred Foot, the Troops of the Landgrave of He(j'e Cpjfel in the Pay of threat Britain, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Seven hundred Sixty-six Pounds One Shilling, be granted to his Majesty, to make good' his Majesty’s Engagements with his most Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand and Seven Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence Half-penny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an advanced Subsidy at the Rate of One hundred and Fifty thousand Crowns a Year, due to his Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cajfel, pursuant to Treaty, from the 6th of Avgufi 1756, to the 27th of April 1757, the1 Day when the Cavalry enters into the Pay of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceedingThirteen thousand Four hundred Seventy-five Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the remaining Moiety of Remount Money for One thousand Four hundred Horse, pursuant to Treaty, payable the 27th of April 1757, the supposed Day when the Cavalry took the Field.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read j British Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning, Fishery. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which whs! made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery, was referred; and who were directed to inquire into, and report to the House, the State of the said Fishery in general.

A nd then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die Maii;

Anno jo* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757. Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,-

Importation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of Italian for the Importation of fine otganzined Italian thrown SUk. Silk, without any Amendment; And also,

Wimefwould The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for dividing afjd inclosing several Commons or Wastes, and also several common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of,

in the County of Leicester, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

19

confirming a Partition between Earl of Dart- Earl of

mouth and Frances Katherine Countess of , his Dnrtmouth'i

Wife, and Sir William Maynard Baronet, of several Eftat<3, Estates in the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Surrey,

Suffolk, and Hertford, and in the City of London; and for vesting and settling the intire Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act made in the 18th R'guhting Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent the Mil-behaviour of Drivers of Carts in Streets within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and to authorize the Justices of the Peace in London to rate the Prices to be taken by Carmen for Carriage of Goods taken up in London, and to enforce Payment of the Rates as shall be set; and to prevent Obstructions in the public Street?,

Lanes, and open Passages, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, by Carmen, Draymen, and Hackney Coachmen; was read a Second time. J:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Mayor of London}Mr. Kynaston, Sir Robert Ladbrooke, Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Prowse, Mr. More Nugent, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Willoughby Aston, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Bathurst, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Plumer, Sir Francis Dajfrwood, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Webb, Mr.

Mr. Bdnkes, Mr. Olmius, Lord Verney, Mr. Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Grenville, Lord Royston, Mr. Gafhry, Mr' Pinney, Mr. Shelley, Mr. Aid-worth, Mr. Whichcot, Lord Bateman, Mr. , Mr.

Fonereau, Mr. Medlycott, Sir John TurMr. George Onslow; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and for the Counties of M, Surrey, Kent, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five

of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to Hackney Chairs and Chairmen within the said Limits.

The Lord Royflon reported from rite Committee, to M»rch, Src. whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Drainage. Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of iJpwell, in the Isle of Ely and County of,

was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of James Collier Esquire, referred to the said Committee; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except William whose Property consists of 45 Acres; John Maffey, 160 Acres; and John Huddleston, 2 Acres; making, in the Whole, 2®7 Acres; that they had been applied to, but refused to sign their Consent; and except the right honourable the Earl of Anglesey, who is out of the Kingdom, and whose Property consists of 240 Acres j and Lawrence, who could not be found, and whose Property consists of One Right of Comm,n and 19 Acres of Land: That the whole Common Rights amount to 180; and the Number of Acres intended to be drained amount to 11,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to Commissioners for the Navigation of the River Nene.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the.

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the BUI.

Ordered,

30 Geo. II.

ii0 Mail

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do Garry the Bill to the ingossed. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Clifton Dart- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for nt* the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parka-ment for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth in

the County of Devon, in the room ot Walter Cary Esquire, deceased.

I.ofeley A Petition of several Persons who are Land-owners, jucouw. Tenants or Occupiers of Farms, Lands, or Tenements, fifuate in the Hundred of Gcda/mbig, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the IJoufe. and read; alleging, That the Petitioners have signed a Petition, this present Session of Parliament, against an Application, which, as they apprehended, had been made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for the inclosing the w’afte Ground called the PeafeMarsh, in the Hundred of Godalming; and represen ting to the House, That the Petitioners were induced to sign the said Petition, upon being informed that all the said Mar 111 was intended to be inclosed, and the Inclosures allotted to the Land-owners and Tenants within the Manor of but finding

that the said Application relates to the inclosing only such Part of the said Marsh as lies within the Manor of the Petitioners do not look upon themselves as any way interested therein: And therefore praying, That they may have Liberty to withdraw their laid Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Encoara^t-ir.cnt of Seamen.

j

A Motion being made, and the Question being puf, That the ingrossed Bril for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in his Mai city’s Navy; and for establish-ir.g a regular Method for the punctual, speedy, and certain, Payment of their Wages, and for preventing Frauds and fmpolitions attending the fame; be now read the Third time;

An Amendment was proposed to be be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," and adding at the Erpl thereof the Words " upon this Day Three " Weeks

And the Question being put. That the Word "now" Panel Part of rite Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ycr.s, Tellers for the Noes, j

64.

45-

Tucker.

So it was refblvcd in the Affirmative.

Then the said Bill was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Ciaule was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, containing an Abstract of the Ad:

And the said CLufe was twice read, and amended:

Then the said Ciaule was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the 1 joule to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

IV. 27. L. 1. To leave out <e and verified upon " Oath."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the royal Navy; and for cfi.ablishing a regular Method for tire punctual, frequent, and certain, Payment of their W; rges; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments.

And then the Blank left in the Bill for the Title thereof was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

Vol. 27.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report, which, upon Friday the 2?th Day of January lafi, was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future.

High Price of Corn, fcc,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Attuning whom the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Good* Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possessiori y r*ud1, of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned l, and for preventing Gaming in public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers,

Servants, and Apprentices; was committed, bfc taken into Confederation to Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Enconragin* whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to ° me*' the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom, was committed, be taken into Confederation To-morfovtr Morning. . .

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Improve; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to jncntofChar-consider of the Report which was made from the Coming ros* mittee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which

was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the oppofice '

Shore in the County of Surrey, was referred; and who were impowered to receive Proposals from Persons who would undertake, by Contrail, to widen the Street leading from Charing Crofi towards Whitehall.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted' to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Kickards’and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, others Debt* to consider of the Petition of Samuel Rickards, Israel tot^e<"rewa’ Mauduit, ArchbaldMaclane, Edmund Lardner, and William Cook, Assignees of the Estates and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, late Virginia Merchants and Bankrupts.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Britishi resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to FiAwiy-. consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report Was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free RritijhFifiiery, was referred; and who were directed to inquire into, and report to the House, the State of the said Fishery in general.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1© Q

886

Jamaica

Affair*.

Bath

Road*.

12* M

Jovis, 12* die Maii;

Anno 30 Georgii II" Regis, 1757*

fit A t XRSi

APET IT IO N of the Merchants of concerned in the Trade to Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Removal of the public Courts, Offices, and Records, of the Island of Jamaica, to Kingston, and the fixing the Seat of Government there, have been productive of many important Advantages, by rendering the Strength of the Island more formidable, the Property of the Traders and Inhabitants more secure, and the carrying on of all commercial Business more expeditious and less expensive, than heretofore: And further alleging. That the Petitioners observe, that a Copy of an Act for removing the several Laws, Records, and other Writings and Papers, and also several Offices, and the supreme Court of Judicature, of the said Island, to the Town of Kingston, is, together with several other Papers, referred to the Consideration of a Committee of this House: And therefore praying the House, That the Purposes of the said Act may be carried into effectual Execution for the future, in such manner as the House Xhall think proper.

An ingossed Bill for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets of the City of Bath, and Liberties thereof, and for regulating the Chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well regulated Watch in the Nighttime in the said City and liberties; and to oblige all Owners of Hordes, and other Buildings, within the said City and Liberties, to bring down the Water from the Roofs of their Houses, and other Buildings, by proper Pipes down the Sides or Walls of such Houses and Buildings: and also to oblige all Coal Carriages to pals by the Borough Walls of the said City, during the Night Season j was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 21. To leave out lay: "

L. 21. To leave out " laid: "

L. 24. After " Rubbish," to insert from off either of the Parades in Bath aforesaid."

A- 1757-

Pr. 22. L. 22. After " of," to insert " this or;"

Pr. 31. L. After " be," to insert " shall."

And the find Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets of the City of Bath, and Liberties thereof, and for regulating the Chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well regulated Watch in the Night-time in th - said City and Liberties; and to oblige all Owners of Houses, and other Buildings, within the said City and Liberties, to bring down the Water from the Roofs of their Houses, and other Buildings, by proper Pipes down the Sides or Walls of such Houses and Buildings; and also to oblige all Coal Carriages to pals by the Borough Walls of the said City, during the Night Season.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathwrfi do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the real Estate late of George , deceased,

in Trustees, to enable them to convey the same to the Purchasers or Mortgagees thereof, or unto such other Person or Persons as the Court of Chancery shall direct, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Graster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed. That Mr. , Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Subscription taken by virtue of a Resolution of the House of Commons, of the 28th Apr 1757, for railing Three millions by Annuities for Service of the Year 1757*

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account i» as followeth, viz.

Davison

Estate.

Account of Subscripdonj to Three million.

\Vard'f

EAate,

Ay*fcombe't

Inflates.

jUfnHwouM

Inclosure.

30Gfi0.II. 88 7

An ACCOUNT of the Subscriplion taken by virtue of a Resolution of the House of Commons, of the 28th of April 1757, for railing Three millions by Annuities, for Service of the Year 1757.

From the former Subscription for railing £. 2,500,000 subscribed into this, the £. s. d. £. i. d.

principal Sum of - - - £.311*100 Deposit of £. 15 per Cent. 46,665 — —

From other Subscribers to the presentl

Subscription - - - - { *,6*6,900 Ditto - - 403,035--

— - — -- -^r- — ....

a,998,006----- 449,700 — " 4+9>70o — —

Remains of the First Subscription, where-on a Deposit of £.10 per Cent* only has been paid, and whole Subscribers have not pa.d the further Sum ol £.5 per Cent, in full of their Deposit to this,

2,006 — Deposit of £.1$ 7

per Cent. - - 3

300 — -

£.3,000,000----- £. 450,000 — —

lurril 1 r ii. 1 — B -ii

Received for subsequent Payments - 28,82^ — —

Remaining in the Bank the Deposit of £. 10 per Cent. on £.2,000 of the First Subscription - 200-----

£.478,725-----

*Totai Sum paid into the Bank to the 12th May 1757, on both Subscriptions is, Four hundred and Seventy-eight thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-five Pounds.

Daniel Race, Chief Cashier.

No Subfctiber towards the failing £. 2,500,006 on the 'Berms of a Resolution of the House of Commons* of the 14 of Marik 1757, and who, by a Resolution of the said House, of the 28 of April 1757, became entitled to subscribe upon the Terms of this last mentioned Resolution, have appeared to signify their Difieut thereto, in Time and Manner as prescribed by the said last mentioned Resolution.

Daniel Race, Chief Cashier.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of Charles Ward, an Infant, to sell and convey Part of his Estate in the County of wick, pursuant to an Agreement with the right honourable Francis Earl Brooke; and for applying the Purchase-money in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the lame* was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An logrolled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Lilie Smith Ynscombe Esquire, and Valentina his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill* intituled, An Act for dividing and hciofing several Commons or Waites, and also several common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of

Wimefvoovld, in the County of Leicester.

And the said Amendments were read* and are as fallowed) viz.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

\ou 27.

Ordered, That Sir Willoughby Afion do iy the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their LonJships.

Ordered, That the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa do lay before this House, an Account of all Debts due to-their Servants, or others* in Africa, of which they have Advices from thence and of the Money due or claimed from the said Committee, on account of Eipences incurred oh the Coast of Africa’, and an Account of the Expences they have been at in rebuilding the Fort at Annamaboe, commencing from the lad AccountS rendered to this House, to the Time of its being takeh under the Management of the Board of Ordnance.

/ -f r

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made iH the iSth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent the Misbehvaiour of Drivers of Carts in Streets within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and to aut horize the Justicfcs of the Peace in London to rate the Prices to be taken by Carmen for Carriage of Goods taken up in London, and to enforce Payment of the Rates as shall be set; and to prevent Obstructions in the public Streets, Lanes, and open Passages, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality* by Carmen, Draymen, and Hackney Coachmen; was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed* that some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Torke, Mr. Ftllovfts, Sir John Cust, Mr. Fuller, be added to the find Committee.

Orderedi

Africa*

Company*

Regulating Cam and Cafmen;

L*

Cleric A Aidant.

Attaining Goods by t'raud.

Srnply B II; Arfnuities.

888

n* M

A.

*757'

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for the preventing of Obstructions on all public Highways, and for the better regulating the Drivers of Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, upon the said Highways.

Notice being taken to the Ffoufe, That their Clerk Assistant, who has faithfully discharged his Duty in the Execution of his Office, has not had an adequate Recompence by the Provision already made for him;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order such farther Provision to be made for the Clerk Assistant of this House, as his Majesty shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

ConsideraticM the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the ealy Redemption of Go ds pawned; and for preventing Gaming in public Homes by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices; wac committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

: The House proceeded to take the said Report into ConfnJcration.

And the said Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the House, upon Monday the 14th Day of March last, for r ifing the Sum of ,£.2,500,000 by Annuities, in the manner therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Resolutions of the House, upon FhurfJay the 28th Day of April last, for raising the Sum of £.3,000,000 by Annuities, in the manner therein mentioned, might be read.

And tire fme were read accordingly.

Tire House was also moved, That the Account of the Subscription taken by virtue of a Resolution of the House of Commons, of the 28th Day of 1757, for raising the Sum of Three millions by Annuities, for the Service of the Year 17,7, which was this Day presented to the House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, Tit at the Gentlemen, who were appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Billpurfuant to the said Resolution, which, up >n the 14th Day of March last, was Sported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed toby the House; and also pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon the 21st Day of March last, Were reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and were then agreed to by the House; be discharged from preparing, and bringing in, the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution of the 14th Day of March last.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions, which, upon the 28th Day of April last, were reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and where theft agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to 19

North Mims, Icc. Inclosure.

Militfi.

Laws

respecting

Highways.

Jamaica

Affairs.

ascertain, establish, and confirm, the Boundaries of the Manors and Parishes of North Mims and Nortkarjjx so far as the same extends to and upon the several Commons

called North Slims and Northaw Comm, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do-pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wesi do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships. , ....

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled^'An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, was committed.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. ..

' ’ ' < 0 \ r , \

The Order of the Day. beipg read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House. upon the iSth and 24th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica-, and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Encouraging the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief and ^»pto^ Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, improvement resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River ! Thames, from the City of WeshmnJto the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was referred; and who were impowered to receive Proposals from Persons who would undertake, by Contract, to widen the Street leading from Charing Cross towards fVh.

Resolved, That this House will,. Tomorrow Morning, Britise resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to wffiom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery, was referred; and who were directed to inquire into, and report to the House, the State of the said Fishery in general.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for the Jamaica House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Affair* House, to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17 th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor,

Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica; and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee;

A Petition of several Merchants of London trading to Ditto, the Island of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice, That several Papers, presented to the House in the last Session of Parliament, relating to

the

A

G,

Jamaica

Affairs.

Attaining Goods by Fraud.

t

30 Gfio. II. iiP — -13° Mail. 889

the Governor, Council, and Assembly, of ’Jamaica, are neymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices; was

referred ro the Consideration of a Committee of the committed, be now read.

whole House; and also taking Notice, that One of the And the said Order being read accordingly;

said Papers is a Copy of an Act for removing the several The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of

Laws, Records, Books, Papers, and Writings, belonging the said Report.

to the several Offices of Secretary of the said Island, Clerk And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the of the Crown, Clerk of the Patents, and Register in Chan- Committee to the said Bill were severally read a Second eery, and Provost Martha), from the Town of St. Jago . time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, dela Vega to the Town of Kingston, and to oblige the One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with

several Officers of the said several Offices to hold and Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the keep their respective Offices, with the respective Records House.

anti Papers, in the said down of Kingston , and also for A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for deholding the supreme Court of Judicature in the said Town taining Persons offering Goods to pawn, and not giving of Kingstontor the future; and representing to the House, a satisfactory Account of themselves:

that the Removal of the Residence of the Governor, and And the hid Clause was twice read, with a Blank; of the Courts, public Offices, and Records, of the Island which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the of Jamaica tiom St. Jago de la Vega to Kingston, and the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be holding of such Courts and Offices there, have been found made Part of the Bill.

very benefic ial to all his Majesty’s Subjects trading to and Another Clause was offered to be added to the IJill, in the said Island; and that many Hurdships, Delays, for indemnifying Persons so detaining: and Expences, consequent on being obliged to transact And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the the mercantile Business at St. Jago de la Vega, have been Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be thereby removed; and alleging, that Kingston is a more made Part of the Bill.

secure Place for keeping the Records and public Sccuri- Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, tics; and in case, of an Invasion or Attack of the Enemy, for allowing pawned Goods to be sold, if not redeemed

the Defence of the Island is thereby more effectually within a limited Time:

provided for: And therefore praying, That the Petition- And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; ers may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, to shew which being filled up, the said Clause wa% upon the the Expediency of establishing the Residence of the Go- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be vernor of the said Island at Kingston, and of confirming made Part of the Bill.

and enforcing the Execution of the said Act, and do Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

therein as to the House shall seem meet. requiring Pawnbrokers to enter in a Book an Account

A Petition of several Merchants of Liverpool trading of all Goods taken in Pawn: to the Island of Jamaica, was also presented to the House, And the Taid Clause was twice read, with Blanks; and read; containing the same Allegations as are men- which being filled up the said Clause was, upon the tioned in the preceding Petition: And praying, That the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be House would take into Consideration the Expediency of made Part of the Bill.

establishing the Residence of the Governor of the said Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Island at Kingston, and confirm the Execution of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Act, and do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rolf ori and Mr. Consideration of the said Committee. Harris:

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Mer- Mr. Speaker,

chants of Lancaster, concerned in the Trade to Jamaica, The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by

this Day presented to the House, might be again read. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to ascertain. And the same being read accordingly; establish, and confirm, the Boundaries of the Manors and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Parishes ot and so far as the fame

Consideration of the said Committee. extends to and upon the several Commons called North

Then the House relblvcd itself into the said Com- Mims and Common, in the County of Hertford.

inittee. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee. The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra-

Mr. Thomas Core reported from the Committee, That ciously pleased to order such further Provision to be made they had come to several Resolutions; which they had for the Clerk Assistant of this House, as his Majesty shall directed him to report, when the House will please to think proper, had been presented to his Majesty; and receive the same. that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday House, that he will give Directions as is desired by the Morning next. said Address.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mr. Bathurst reported from the Committee, to whom Morning, Nine of the Clock. the Bill for enlarging the 'lermsand Powers granted by an Act passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned leading to tt.e said City; and also for repairing the Roads leading from the Top of Lansdown to the Monument upon and the Road leading from the Top of Enterfj /~\RDERED, That the Orderof the Day, for resuming into the Bristol Road leading to and the

the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Road leading from Bath Easton Bridge to Ctdierne Gate Committee, to whom the Bill for the more eft'cftual upon the Fujs Road, the Hoad leading from Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to Bridge to the Six Mile Stone in the Parish of attain, Possession of Goods or Money by faile or untrue and also the Road leading horn the in the Parish of Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of ro the Crois Pnft in the Road leading to

Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; Pensford, and also the Road by Tracy Park, beiween. and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Jour- Bristol Turnpike Road and the Monument upon Lahf-Vol. 27. 10 R j

Veneris, 130 die Maii;

Anno 30* Georgii 1141 Regis, 1757. Prayers.

North Mims, &c. Inclosure.

Clerk

Assistant.

Kingsdowa Hill Roads.

3

'890 130 Mail. A. 1757*

down; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confident ion Tomorrow Morning.

Selling of Sir John Cust reported from the Committee, to whom Poisons. gin restrain and limit the vending and disposing of Poisons, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, that some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Supply Bill; Mft Charlton'presented to the House, according to Stamp Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates ones, c. an(j £)uties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Licencing Sir Willoughby Aston presented to the House, according Alehouses. to Order, a Bill for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in Cities and Towns Corporatewitbin that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided. /

The Yeas went forth.

rnI. c xl v (Sir Charles Mordaunt, 7

Tellers for the Yeas,|Mr Fo/^ . J 4*-

Tellers for the Noes,[ } 3°’

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

British Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Fishery. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free British Fishery, was referred; and who were directed to inquire into, and report to the House, the State of the said Fishery in general; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prowse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

High Price ' The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of Com, kc. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Report, which, upon Friday the a8th Day of January last, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Wea8s* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Rickards, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and others, consider of the Petition of Samuel Rickards, Man- q*^01*

duit, Archibald Maclane, Edmund and IViLiam ro

Cook, Assignees of the Estates and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, late Virginia Merchants, and Bankrupts;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Laws Report from the Committee of the whole House, to respecting whom the Bill to render more effectual the several Laws Highways, now in being for the A mendment and Pefervation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, wes committed;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Nugent, according to Order, reported from the Encouraging Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Capiorsoi the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wh ere the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Im prove; v. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to °* consider of the Report, which was made from the Com- k' mittee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River ‘Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, was referred; and who were impowered to receive Proposals from Persons who would undertake, by Contradf, to widen the Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall \

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Inhabitants of Charing Cross, and Parts adjacent, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Proivfe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

13* — 14* Mail. 891

30 Geo. II.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

mittee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, was referred; and who were impowered to receive Proposals from Persons who would undertake, by Contract, to widen the Street leading from Charing Cross towards Whitehall; be referred to the Consideration of the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Eveflum

Jtoad*.

Improvement

of

Charing Cross.

Sabbat^ 14.0 die Mali;

Anno 30° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

MR. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the ift and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evefnam., in the County and for repairing and widening several other Roads, in the said County of Worcester, and in the Counties of Warwick and Gloucester; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill; Ordered, That the Bill be re-committtd.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Prowse, according to Order, reported from the Committe of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge crust the River Thames, from the City o i Wto the-opposite Shore in the County of Surr, was referred; and who were impowered to receive Proposals from Persons who would undertake, by Contract, to widen the Street leading from Charing Cross towards; the Resolu-

tions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum will be necessary to put in Execution an Act passed in the laftSefTion of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners for building a Bridge croft the River of Thames, from the City of minsterto the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to pure hale Houses and Grounds, and to widen the Ways, and make more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross the Two Houses of Parliament, and the

Courts of Justice there, and Bridge-, and to

enable a lei’s Number of Commissioners to execute the several Acts relating to the said Bridge, than at present are required by Law; and for Relief o and James

King, with regard to a Lease taken by their late Father from the said Commissioners.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the opening she Passage leading from Street, near Charing Cross, to Spring Gardens, will be of great public Utility.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions, and also the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, whichwas made from the Com-Vol. rj.

Sir John Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bid for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sams's Cut Drain; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Proprietors of 6,000 Acres, or thereabouts, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the whole Quantity of Land intended to be drained contains about 7,000 Acres; and that the Proprietors of the remaining i,oooo Acres had been applied to, and declared they had no Objection to the Bill; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-pole the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through V.e Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrefled.

Mr. Bayntun rej)orted from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to explain arid amend an Act made in the 18th. Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent the Misbehaviour of Drivers of Carts in Streets within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and to authorize the Justices of the Peace in London to rate the Prices ro be taken by Carmen for Carriage of Goods taken up in London, and to enforce Payment of the Rates as shall be set; and to prevent Obstructions in the public Streets, Lanes, and open Passages, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, by Carmen, Draymen, and Hackney Coachmen; was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Samuel Jackson Esquire, now called Samuel -

ton, and his Heirs Male, to take and use, in Exchange for his and their own Surname and Arms, the Surname and Arms of Dodington, pursuant to the Will of George Dodington Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Dodington, Mr. O/wald, Mr. More, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Fellcwes, Mr. Gybbon, Mr Foley, Sir Francis Poole, Mr Mr. Alexander,

Mr. George Onslow, Mr. Cooke, Mr. , Mr. Cal-

vert, Mr. Bozves, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Kynaston Sir James Creed, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Med/ycott, Mr. Walter, Mr.

York e, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr RidleyMr. Vernon, M r. Mor-

ion, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Thijllethwayte, Mr. Reynolds,

Brandon

Drainage*

Regulating Carts and Carmen.

Jackson'*

Name.

140 — 16° Maii. ^.1757.

Mr. Tozvnfhcnd, Mr. Whichcot,- Mr. Mr. Bankes;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, and Wilts: And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wijgenhall Sir John Dimer reported from the Committee, to whom ramage. pjj| for draining and preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of was

committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except the Proprietors of 783 Acres, who, having been applied to, said they had no Objection to the Bill; and the whole Lands intended to be drained consist of 4,000 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Kingsdown Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into

Hill Roads. Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdo Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned leading to the said City; and also for repairing the (Roads leading from the Top of Lansdown to the Monument upon Lansdown, and the Road leading from the Top of Enterry Hill into the Bristol Road leading to -

jler, and the Road leading from Bath Bridge to

Cullerne Gate upon the Fofs Road, the Road leading from Dunkerton Bridge to the Six Mile Stone in the Parish of Camerton, and also the Road leading from the Globe in the Parish of Newton St. Loe to the Crols Poll in the Road leading to Pensford, and also the Road by Tracy Park, between Bristol Turnpike Road and the Monument upon Lansdown; was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Souilm-ark Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee, to whom

Market, the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a 17

Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, to whom Distcmpet the Bill more effectually to prevent the spreading of the among# Disteinper now raging amongst the Horned Cattle in Cattle-this Kingdom, was committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Attaining journed Consideration of die Report from the Committee, Good* to whom the Bill for the more effectual Punishment of by Fraud. Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful pawning of Goods; for the ealy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers,

Servants, and Apprentices; was committed.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Rickard* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole »"d1 other* House, to consider of the Petition of Samuel , *'

Israel Mauduit, Archbald Mac lane, Edmund , and

William Cook, Assignees of the Estates and Eftefts of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, late Merchants, and Bankrupts.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luncc., 160 die Maii;

Anno 3P* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Tomkins, Accounts;

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the gross Charge and net Produce of jjuty om the Duty on Rice imported into England for Seven Years Rice,

last past; distinguishingeach Year, and also the Amount of the Drawback of the Duty upon Re-exportation of the same: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of raw Hides imported jjutv 00 into England from Ireland, for Seven Years last past; dif- Hides, tinguishing each Year, together with the Amount of the Duties payable thereon: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Tallow imported into Duty on England from Ireland for Seven Years last past; distin- Tallow, guishing each Year, together with the Amount of the Duties payable thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An

t^-

30 Geo. II. i6° Maii.

Fari of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act for Eton*'* confirming a Partition between William Earl of Dartmouth and Frances Kather Counted of , his

Wife, and Sir William Maynard Baronet, of several Estates in the Counties of Bucks, , Suf-

folk, and Hertford, and in the City of London; and for veiling anti settling the intire Premises to the several Uies therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the BilLbe committed to Lord Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Mr.

Coventry, Mr. Foley, General Cornwallis, Mr. Pelham, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Legge, Lord Roy {ion, Mr. , Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Sir John Cust, Mr. Charlton, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Walter, Mr. Samuel Alar fin, Mr. Gy b b on, Mr. Nor they, Mr. George Onfoiv, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bagot, Lord Barnard, Mr. Prowse, Mr, Vanfltart, Mr. Gore, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Vernon, Lord Gage, Mr. Shelley, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Bayntun, Mf. Calvert, Mr. Boone, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Alexander, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gibbons, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. AledlycotMr. Ridley, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Pinney, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Surrey, Hertford, Middlesex, Sussex, Stafford, and Kent; and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

C.-.rr’s Mr. IViIkinfonreported from the Committee, to whom Eua<r. the ingrossed Bill Irom the Lords, intit uLd, An Act to impower Elizabeth the Wife of Henry Thomas Carr Esquire, a Lunatic, to make an Appointment of a Sum of Three thousand Pounds towards the Payment of the find Lunatic's Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the bill, and found the same to be true; and that the P; ities concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the hatistaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had diiefted him t report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Mirth, An ingrossed Bill for draining and preferring certain jy Fen Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in the Town-

fdi/jjgf. Ujjpj OJ. Hamlets March and and in the

Parish of Upzvell, in the ljle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was read tue Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 43. L. 14 After "Witnesses," to insert "which Oath such Justice or Justices is or are hereby impowered and required to administer:*

Pr. 50. L. 18. After " roded," to inlert " icoured, " cleansed, opened, repaired, depthened."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of Alarch and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Upwell, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambr idge. Ordered, That the Lord Roxfion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bury Ordered, That Mr. Shaker do ififue his Warrant to the

S'. Edmund* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wm. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the right honourable Augustus Henry Fitzroy Esquire, commonly called Earl of Eufon, now Duke of Grafton, called up to the House of Peers.

v,mre, An ingrossed Bill for draining and preferring certain

t>ri:nage. Fen Lands and low Grounds in the several Parishes of

Ram fey, Bury, H'tftew, War boys, Farceitt, Siandground,

Vo b.27/

and Water New toft, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the IJleof Ely and County of Cam-

bridge, was read the Third time*

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viol.

Pr. 19. L 29. To leave out "and," and inlert "or:"

Pr. 44. L. 30. To leave out from "respectively" to the End of the Clause.

And 1 he said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accord ngly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen I^ands and low Grounds in the several Parishes of Ramsey,

Bury, Wijlow, Warboys, Farceitt, Standground, and Water Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington, in the ljle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That the Lord Carysfort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preferring certain WiggeninU Marsh and Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Parish of Drainage. Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6 L. 36. To leave out "Thirtieth," and insert " Twentieth

L. 37. To leave out " May," and insert

" June."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pale And that the Title be, An Act for draining and preferring certain Marsh and Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Panlh of Wiggenhall Saint Mary Mydatcn.in the County of

Ordered, Thai Si John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom Thomson’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of William Ffquire, in the County of Berks, to r.iife M ney towards discharging several Mortgage Debts and Incumbrances affecting other Parts of his settled Eliates in the latne County, was committed, That the Committee had con-lidered the Petition of William Thomson Esquire, in be-ha f of bin self, and Hall and Eleanor his Wife, and Thomas Marfam and Anne his Wile, referred to the said Committee; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual Punishment of Attaining Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession Good* by of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers,

Servants, and Apprentices; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. L. 1. After "and," to insert "if:"

Pr. 17. L. 8. To leave out from " Person" to " any," in Line 13:

Pr. 18. L. 12. To leave out from " Chattels" tp then," in Line 16:

to S Pr.

894

16’ M

4-1757-

Pr. 19. L. 3. To leave out' from " preceding" to " forthwith," in Line 5:

Pr. 20. L. 13. To leave out "Three," and insert " Two

L. ult. To leave out " Five," and insert

« Two."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Per-l'ons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Possession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in public Houses by Journeymen, Labourtrs, Servants, and Apprentices.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Mefliirre from Mr. Vice Chamberlain acquainted the House, That he

the King: had a Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by

Amerka'and ^ls Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; East Indies, and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being desirous that his faithful Subjects in his Provinces of North and South Carolina and Virginia, in America, should receive a proper Recompence for such Services as, with the Approbation of the Commander in Chief of his Forces in America, they respectively shall have performed, or shall perform, either by putting the find Provinces in a State of Defence, or by acting with Vigour against the Enemy, recommends it to this House to take the same into their Consideration, and to enable his Majesty to give them a proper Recompence for such Services: His Majesty also acquaints this House, That a Battalion of his Forces, which has been employed in the Settlements of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, is by his Order withdrawn from those Settlements; and therefore recommends it to this House to enable his Majesty to assist the Lid Company in defraying the Expence of a military Force in the East Indies, to be maintained by them in lieu of the said Battalion.

Ordered, That his Majesty’s said most gracious Mef-sage be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners be at Liberty to make use of such Nets in the White Herring Fisheries as they shall find best adapted to the said Fisheries; provided that each Buss do carry to Sea, in the whole, the like Quantity of Netting as they are now bound to carry.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,' That the Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Ton, payable on the Vessels employed in the Lid Fisheries, be increased to Fifty Shillings per Ton, and made payable for inch Term of Years as the said Bounty ol Thirty Shillings is now payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners be at Liberty, during the Intervals of the Fishing Seasons, to employ their Vefills used in the said Fisheries in any other Btifiness not prohibited by Law; provided such Vessels shall have been employed in the Herring Fisheries during each of the Fishing Seasons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners beat Liberty to make use of such Barrels, with respect to the Thickness of the Staves, for the packing of their Fish, as they now have in Use, or may hereafter find best adapted to that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion o! this Committee, That the Petitioners have Liberty to make use of any Waste or uncultivated Land, One hundred Yards at the least above the highest Water Mark, for the Purpose of drying their Nets.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Campbeltown would be the most proper and convenient Place for the Rendezvous for the Busies belonging to the Free British Fishery Chamber of Whitehaven, for the Summer Fishery as well as for the Winter Fiftierv.

The Five First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed 10 by the House.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was postponed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions, which have been now agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Prozrfe, Mr.

Mr. Nugent, Nix. Edward Vernon, Mr. Alderman Ret hell,

Mr. Alderman Bedford, Mr. Towajhend, Sir Walter

Blackett, Mr. Ridley, and Mr. do prepare, and;

bring in, the fame.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and uunp c uues, £)utjes upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain Time, the Sum3 of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors; and forraifing a certain Sum of Money by Annuities to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

British Mr. Prowse, according to Order, reported from the Fishery. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Society of the Free Britishi Fishery, was referred; and who were directed to inquire into, and report to the House, the State of the said Fishery in general, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the 20

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his, Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Di-redtions to the Office of Ordnance, to finish the Fort at Annamaboe, on the Coast of Africa, agreeable to a Plan presented to this House from the said Office; and to act u re his Majesty, that whatever Expences his Majesty shall be at for that Purpose, this House will make good the Lrne to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee,

The

African

Forts.

Militia.

Supply.

50 Geo. II.

16°-

17

.0

Mail

895

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Mean*. ref0U-e itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Law* The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the retpedin^ Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom h>gtiA-ays. t^e gju (D ren(jer more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservat'mn of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, was committed;

Ordered, That Mr. Kynafon do make the said Report.

Ordered, That the R<-pv>rt be now received.

Air. Kynaf.cn accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Ueport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause B, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, the next Amendment, being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the said Amendment.

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Rick aril,’ and other*

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-t ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Crownl°U)* to confder of the Petition of Samuel

Afaudnit, Archbald AlaclanEdmund and llil-

liam Cock, Assign-.es of the Estates and Fffefts of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, late Virginia Merchants, and Bankrupts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti:, 170 die Maii;

Anno 30° Georgii IT1 Regis, 1757.

Praters.

THE Lord Bateman reported to the House, That tli

African

Forts. J. their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the Office of Ordnance, to finish the Fort at on

the Coast of Africa, agreeable to a Plan presented to this House from the said Office and to allure his Majesty, that whatever Expences his Majesty shall be at for that Purpose, this House will make good the same to his Majesty; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Encouraging An ingrossed Bill for the Relief and Encouragement Captor* of of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and Vot. i;.

landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be,

An Act for the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Waple and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Sneaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Spalding for repairing and widening the Roads leading from High Bridge Spalding High Bridge, through Liltleworth, and by Frog- Koa<^ nail, and over James Deeping Slone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to MaxeyOutgang, in the County of

ton, adjoining to the high Road there, without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act New&m’s to enable James Newfam Esquire, and his Issue, to take Nam*, and use the Surname of Craggs, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preserving certain Brandon Fen Lands lying in the South Level Part of the Great drainage. Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sams's Cut Drain', and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands; was read the Third time.

Rejotvcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sams's Cut Drain; and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conlervators of the said Great Level to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invefed Lands.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers- Kingsifown granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign Roads, of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kings down Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned leading to the said City; and also for repairing the Roads leading from the Top of Lansdown to the Monument upon Lansdown, and the Road leading from the Top of Enterry Hill into the Bristol Road leading to tVarminster, and the Road leading from Bath Eafion Bridge to Cullurne Gate, upon the Fofs Road, the Road leading from Dunkert on Bridge to the Six Mile Stone in the Parish of Camerton, and also the Road leading from the Globe, in the Parish of Newton St. Loe, to the Cross Post in the Road leading to Pensford, and also the Road by Tracey Park, between Turnpike Road and the Monument upon Landfown; was read the Third time.

And Mr. Speaker, in Part, opened the Bill.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman Usher R°yal Assent of the Black Rod: to BilIs-

M r. Speaker,

the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s

Corn-

89^ 17* Mali. A. 1757*

Royal Assent Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of to Bill*, peers: Where a Commission, under the Great Seal, was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and all'o impowering his royal Highness the Duke of -

land, ihelLard Ardsbishop of , the Lord Pre-

lident of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, and several other Lords, to declare and notify theroyal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Duke of the Duke of

Dorset, and the Lord Scu named in the said Commit lion, did accordingly declare and notify the royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for the Importation of fine organzined Italian thrown Silk:

An Act for making the River and the Branches thereof, navigable from the River Ouze at Temps/ord, in the County of Bedford, to Skottling Mill, otherwise called Burnt Mill, in the Parish of Hitchin, in the County of Hertford, and to Blade Horse Mill, in the Parish of Bygrave, in the said County of , and to the South

and North Bridges in the Town of in the said

County of Bedford:

An Act to ascertain, establish, and confirm, the Boundaries of the Manors and Parishes of North Mims and Northaw, so far as the same extends to and upon the several Commons called North Mims and Northaw -mon, in the County of Hertford:

An Act to enable the Governors of the Hospital of King James, founded in Char ter-house, to fell and convey the Manor of Blacktoft, and divers Lands and

Tenements in the County of York; and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Lands and Tenements, for the Benefit of the said Hospital:

An Act to enable the Guardian of Charles Ward, an Infant, to sell and convey Part of his Estate in the County of Warwick, pursuant to an Agreement with the right honourable Francis Earl Brooke, and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the lame:

An Act for carrying into Execution Articles of Agree-' ment entered into before, and in Consideration of, the

Marriage of Crisp Molyneux Esquire, with Katherine i ^gomerie, his now Wife:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Lilie Smith Ayfcombe Esquire, and Valentina, his Wife, in Trullees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Freehold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled and limited to the like Uses and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned s

An Act for vesting Part of the real Estate of Henry Chivers Vince Esquire, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold for railing Money to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances dircded to be paid by a Decree of the Court of Chancery:

An Act for vesting divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, Part of the real Estate of George Davison, deceased, in Trullees, to enable him to convey the same to the PurchasersorMortgagees thereof, or unto such other Person or Persons as the Court of Chancery shall direct:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common Fields lying within the Parish or Township of Morton, otherwise Morton ,in the County of

Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing several Commons or Walles, and also several common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and waste Grounds, lying within the Manor of

Wimefivould, in the County of Leicester.

Kiegfdown Then Mr. Speaker opened the Remainder of the in» Hill Roads. grolled Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the rath Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kitigsdown Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein men-t ioned, leading to the said City; and also for repairing the »5

Roads leading from the Top of to the Monument upon Lansdown, and the Road leading from the

Top of Enterry Hill into the Bristol Road leading to War-

minster, and the Road leading from Bath Eqfion Bridge to Cnl/ume Gate, upon the Fols Road, the Road leading from Dunkerton Bridge to the Six Mile Stone in the Parish of Camerton, and also the Road leading from the Globe, in the Parish of Newton St., to the Crols Poll in the Road leading to Pen ford, and also the Road by Tracey Park, between Bristol Turnpike Road and the Monument upen Lansdown.

The Amendments following were severalty proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 9. After " Boone," to insert " the reverend

L. 18. After Chejkrf to insert " the reve- rend t"

Pr. 8. L. 2. After " Frampton," to insert " the reverend:"

L. 8. After " Goddard" to inlert " the reve-

rend

L. It After " Hungerfurd," to insert the " reverend

Pr. 9. L. t. After " Lanfdownf to insert " the reverend:

L. a 1. After " Littleto," to insert " the reverend:

Pr. 10. L. ia. After " Nevotonto insert " the reverend:

L. 21. After "Pitt" to insert " the reve-

" rend."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terms artd Powers granted by an Act, passed in the t2th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the lop of KingsdowtiHi/l and the City of Bath, and for amending several other H ghways therein mentioned, leading to the said City; and ailfo for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Bateman acquainted the House, That he Mflfcje fr<u» had a Message from his Majesty to this House, ligned by the Kin?; his Majesty: And he presented the same to the House; £xt'a "ir and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the xP*nce‘' House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the experienced Zeal and Af-section of his faithful Commons, and considering that, in this critical Conjuncture, Emergencies may arise, which may be of the utmost Importance, and be attended with the moll pernicious Consequences, if proper Means should not immediately be applied to prevent or defeat them, is desirous that this House will enable him to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1757; and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprizes or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

G. R.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That his Majesty’s said

most gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his i

Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Tfcoafea’i j Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of William Thomson Esquire, in the County of Berks, to raise Money towards

jlifcharging

3ooQie﻿jo Geo. II.

Mail

ilifcharging several Mortgage Debts and Incumbrances affecting other Pails of his settled lLllatcs in the same County, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'The House proceeded to take the said Report into Contlderation.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 2,3. I ,eave out " Fenwick of -

" needle-street, London, Gentleman," and insert " the " right honourable Charles Lord Baron of

" Oakley:1'

L. 4, 5. Leave out " John Blake of Line old s " in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman," and insert " William Thomson of Nczv Barnes, in the County of " Hertford, Esquire:"

L. 25. Leave out " Fezwick Lyddal," and insert *' Charles Lord Cade ran: '* and leave out " John Blake," and insert " William7 a erf at of New

Pr. 9. L. 18, iq. Leave out Lyddal," and

inlert " Charles Lord Cadogan: "

(a

L. 19. Leave out " John Blake," and insert " William Thcrr.fonof New Barnes:"

L. 32. Leave out " and insert

" Charles Lord Cadogan; and leave out "John Blake," and insert " William Thomson of Barnes:

Pr. 10. L. 16. Leave out " Fenzvi and in-

fert " Charles Loid C.adognn;" and leave out "

" Blake," and insert " William Thzmfon of New Barnes:" L. 32. After " thereof," insert Clause (A):

Clause (A).- " And whereas late of

Reading, in the County of Perks, Widow, made her " last Will and Te(lament in Writing, hearing Date the " 30th Day of March 1754: and thereby, after giving " several pecuniary and !pecilie Legacies to several Persons therein named, she thereby gave and deviled all the rest and Residue of her personal Estate, except wlut was otherwise therein after particularly clifposed of, and all Benefit thereof, unto Thomas , his Execu-

" cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, upon Trust, to " pay the Interest thereof unto the said Thomson

of Reading, until his Agb of Twenty-five Years; and " when he should attain that Age, then upon Trust to " pay and assign the Residue of the said personal Estate " unto the said William Thomson, and not to any Assigns, " or Order of his; and made the said Thomas Blagrave " lb!e Executor of her said Will: And whereas a Suit " hath been instituted in the high Court of Ch ncery " against the said Thomas Blagrave, for an Account of " t!:e said personalEilate, which is full depending; Now, for the more effectual paying off and discharging such Part of the Mortgage Debts and Incumbrances as shall " remain due and owing on the Estates of the said " Ham Thomson, after tire Application of the Money to

" arile by Sale of the Lands and Hereditaments hereby " vested to be sold, as aforesaid; It is hereby further enacted and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That " all such Sum and Sums of Money, as shall or may be recovered and received, or become due and payable to " t!i« said William Thomson, by virtue of the Will of the " said Ann Blagrave, after deducting the Costs and " Charges which shall be laid out or expended in Reco- very thereof, shall, immediately after the same shall be " recovered, and become due and payable, be paid into " the Hands of the find Charles Lord Cadogan and William " Thomson of Nczv Barnes, or the Survivor of them, his

" Executors or Administrators, upon Trust that they the *c said Charles Lord Cadogan and William Thomson " Barnes, or the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, shall and do apply and dispose of the same " Sum or Sums of Money, immediately after the same " shall be by them received, in Payment, Satisfaction, " and Discharge, of Judgments (if any) now recovered against the said William Thomson; and such of the " Mortgages and Incumbrances, as shall then be a fub-Vot. 27.

" fining Charge on ar.y Part of the Estate of the said " William Thomson, comprised in the before-mentioned

" Marriage ^Articles, in such manner as to the said Trustees shall feein meet and expedient, and to no other " Use, Intent, or Pur pole whatsoever; and in case there " shall be any Surplus-moneys remaining in the Hands.

" of the said Trustees, after Payment of the said Judgmenu-, Mortgage Debts, and incumbrances, the same " shall be by them paid to the said William Thomson of " Reading, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns,

" for his and their own Use and Benefit: "

Pr. 10. L. 34. Leave out " Fenwick Lyddal" and insert " Charles Lord Cadogan;" and leave out " John " Blake," and insert " William Thomson of New

Barnes:"

Pr. 11. L. r. - Leave out " Fenwick Lyddal," and in'ert " Charles Lord Cadogan" and leave out " John " Blake," and insert " William Thomson New

" Barnes."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

a

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Evelhim

the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Roads. Two Acts of Parliament, of the First and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of Worcester, and in the Counties of Warwick and

Gloucester; was re-committed, That the Committee bad-made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the House being informed, thatfome other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be again re-committed to the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill j to resolve its.lf into a Committee of the whole House, StampDutiei, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates &c* and Duties upon Indentures, Leaks, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; be nowr read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for the further Continuance of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for the Relief of Subscribers towards raising the Sum of Tw'O million Five hundred thousand Pounds, pursuant to the Resolution of this House of the 14th Day of March last.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; and for giving further Time to file Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

10 T Mr.

Jamaica

Affairs.

Militia.

Rickards’ and others Debt* to the Crown.

Supply Bill;

StampDutjeiv

Ac.

898 17* — 18° 17 57.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chai&

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, after th^ House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 0,4th Days of February, and the 17th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Atfcmbly, of Jamaica-, and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration tjje Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be referred to the Consideration of a select Committee: And that they do report to the House, what they shall think proper to be offered to the House thereupon:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. \Townjhaid, Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Egmont, Mr. Oswald, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Cust, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Legge, Lord George Sackville, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. John Yorke, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Stanley, Lord Carysfort, Mr. Edward Finch, Lord Roy ft on, Mr. Waller, Lord Barrington, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Sir Roger New digate, Mr. Samuel Martin, Sir Francis Dashwocd, Mr. Elliot, Sir Cor del Firehrace, Mr. Hanger, Sir John Mordaunt, Mr. West, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr- Bacon, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Lsfter, Mr. More, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Wilkinfcn, Mr. Trift, Mr. I! ort-ley junior, Mr. Baukes, General Cornwallis, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Alexander, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bayn-iun, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hardinge, Sir William Meredith, Mr. Nczaiham, Sir Nicholas Baily, Mr. Lccke, Lord Guernsey, Mr Bathurst, Sir George Yonge, Mr. Ward, Sir Lionel Piikington, Mr. Lafcclles, Colonel A'Court, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Vyner, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr Foley, Lord Verncy, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Turner, Mr. John Pitt, the Marquis of Granby, Mr. Merton, Sir Richard Lyttelton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Samuel Rickards, IJracl Maudv.it, Archbald Machine, Edmund Lardner, and William Cook, Assignees of the Lflatcs and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, late Virginia Merchants, and Bankrupts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair-.

Mr. Oswald took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, That they had direcded him to make a Motion to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morro.v Morning.

The Order made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to foreign P^rts; and for applying, from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors; and for raisin.g a certain Sum of Money by Annuities to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day; being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the . whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker ie!t the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Prowse presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing a further Bounty on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery; lor giving Liberty to alter the present Form and Size of the Nets ufeci in the said Fishery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five ut the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the Fir It time.

Resolved, That the Eili be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ivlercurii, 18° die Maii;

Ar.no 50° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757.

Pr.'. vers.

Tl 1 R. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom £vefl, gni JJV JL the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers grant- Roids. cd by Two Arts of Parliament, of the ifl: and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending th^. several Roads leading to and from the JL rough oi Evesham, in the County of Worcester; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of Wore eft er, and in the Counties of Warwick ' and G/ourefter; was again re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read-throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Out ftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ia-grofied.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Rickards* Report from the Committee of the whole HouL, to and orheri whom the Petition of Samuel Rickards, Israel ManJuit, ^Q l Archbald Mac lane, Edmund Lardner, and William Cock,

Assignees of the Estates and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, late Virginia Merchants, and Bankrupts, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Mr. Oswald accordingly reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move the House,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs to re-

lealc

Southwark

Market,

Carr’s

Eftat*.

StlPn^ of Poisons.

Milford

Haven.

30 Geo. II. 18’ Mail899

lease and dilchnrge the Estate and Kffefts of Buchanan and William Hamilton, Virginia Merchants, from a

Debt due to his Majesty, upon Payment, by the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against them, of the Remainder ot a Smn of Money certified by the Commissioners of the Customs to be due from the Estates of the said Bankrupts.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Impowering the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs to relcal'c and discharge the Efute and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, Virginia Merchants, from a Debt due to his Majesty, upon Payment by the Assignees under the Com midi on ot Bankruptcy awarded eg tin ft them, of the Remainder of a Sum of Money certified by the Commissioners of the Customs to be due from the fc.ft.ncs of the said Bankrupts: And that Mr. Of wall!, Mr. Hardings, and Str William Calvert, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingossed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act-, pa did in the 28th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Oveneers, and Inhabitants, of the Paris1) cf Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said

Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said

Borough, was read the Third time.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be, An Act to txplain, amends ard render more effectual, an Act, passed in the 28th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Gveneers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said

Pari lb, not interfering with the high Street in the said

Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. Hammond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Elizabeth, the Wile of Henry Thomas Carr Esquire, a Lunatic, to make an Appointment of a Sum of Three thousand Pounds, towards the Payment of the said Lunatic’s Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats.

Ordered, That the Lord Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Cr.fi reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to restrain and limit the vending and disposing of Poisons, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qm ft ion severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of levered Merchants cf Louden, in behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord Bateman, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the Hou(e.

Then the lit id Petition was brought up, and read; Petting forth, "1 hat the Port of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, is a lafe and commodious Harbour, capable of

Vol. 27.

receiving at all times the whole royll Navy and Trade of Great Britain-, and is most conveniently situated for the Resort and Security of Merchant Ships, when they cannot easily enter the English Channel, and for the fending

out and relieving of Cruizers, from time to time, upon proper Stations in the Ocean; and for the immediate repairing and refitting such Cruizers, in case of Damage: That Ships may proceed from the said Harbour into the Ocean, and return from thence with almost any Wind, by taking a proper Advantage of the strong Currents, and in a gr*at deal less time than isusually employed in failing with the most favourable Wind from to the

Land's End: That the said Harbour may in a very short time, at a moderate Expence, be rendered defensible and secure against any Attack: That a Dock Yard may be established there, and any Number of Ships, and of any Rate, rebuilt, careened, repaired, and fitted for Sea, with the greatest Convenience and Expedition; and that Plenty of proper Materials for the Construction of Ships abound in the adjacent Counties: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into Consideration, and to make such Provision'relative thereto, as its Nature and Importance may appear to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fi^eration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and ftntc to the House, the Mat ter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Stanley, Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Townshend, Sir John Ligonier, Mr. Nugent, Mr. iuge, Mr. Pitt, Sir "John Turner, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Bacon, the Marquis of Granby, Mr: Bayntun, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sandys , Lord George Mr. Elliot,

Lord Carysfort, Mr. Mackenzie, Lord Barrington, Mr, Herbert, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Mr. Rice, Mr.

nafion. General Conway, Mr. James Grenville, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Fox, Sir Thomas Mr. Charl-

ton, Sir Henry Erskine, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr.

Wilkhfon, Mr. Bowes, Lord Egmont, Mr. Legge, Lord Register of Scotland, Mr. George Onslow, Sir John Cifi, Mr. Samuel Martin, Sir Charles Mar Mr. Cooke, Sir William Owen, Mr. Olmius, Mr Morton, Mr. Ridley, Sir Francis Dafimood, Mr. Northey, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Thorctcn, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Sir Richard

Lvtte /ten, Mr. More, Sir George Lee, General Cornwallis, Mr. Celebrccke, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Mr. Curzon, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Sir Charles

Kemys Tynte, Mr. Powell, Lord Mr. Var.fttart,

Lord Shelburne, Mr. Amcotts, Mr. Boone, Mr. Calvert, Lord Mayor of Louden, Mr. Duffe, Admiral Griffin, Mr. Hanger-, and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members who serve for the Principality ot Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the 1 Sth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent the Misbehaviour of Drivers of Carts in Streets within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and to authorize the Justices of the Peace in London to rate the Prices to be taken by Carmen for Carriage of Goods taken up in Lcndoy, and to enforce Payment of the Rates as shall be let; and to prevent Obstructions in the public Streets, Lanes, and open Passages, wdtliin the Weekly Bills cf Mortality by Carmen, Draymen, and Hackney Coachmen; was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, to prevent any Coachman or Carman from plying for Hire in certain Streets in Westminster

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by way 0|f Ryder.

The

Regulating Carts and Carmen.

<900

Tlje Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 5. L. 3. After " painted," to insert " in large and " legible Characters:

Pr. 9. L. 20. After " Streets," to insert " Lanes or " open Passages

L. 33. To leave out " or," and, after " Car," to insert " or other Carriage

L. 34. To leave out " in the Day-time Pr. 10. L. 5. After " Commodity," to insert " or to " take up or set down a Fare

L. 3 5* After " Street," to insert " or common " Highways:"

Pr. 11. L. 1. After " or," to insert " in any public " Streets or common Highways

Pr. 13. L. 17. After "empty," to insert " or unloaded."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the HSufe: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the 18th Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent the Misbehvaiour of Drivers of Carts in the Streets in , Westminster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for other Purposes in this Act mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Account; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an s*nki"S Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, un ‘ disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 10th Day of last.

A. 1757.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, aadMeaM. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Jimaica whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further Affair*, of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of Feand the 17th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Afl'embly, of Jamaica-, and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee; be received upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to s.tamP consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities to be charged on the said Rates,

Duties, and Sums of Morfey.

And then the House adjourned till To-mqrrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

18° — 190 Mail.

Smugglers. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, upon certain Terms therein to be mentioned: And that Vice Admiral Bofcawen, Mr. Sandys, and Mr. Nugent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

High Price The Order of the Day being read, for the House to of Com, &c. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report which, upon Friday the 28th Day of January last, was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty:

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to , be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charllon also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-17

Jovis, 190 die Maii;

Anno 3O0 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Poirier, African from the Committee of the Company of Merchants Company, trading to Africa, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. An Account shewing the several Debts due from the African Committee to their Servants, or others, in Africa, of which they have Advices from thence:

N° 2. An Account shewing the several Sums claimed from the African Committee, on account of Expences incurred on the Coast of Africa:

N° 3. An Account of the Expences the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to have been at in rebuilding the Fort at Annamaboe, commencing from the last Account rendered to this House, to the Time of its being taken under the Management of the Board of Ordnance.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers Evtflum granted by Two Acts of Parliament of the 1 ft and 17th Roadn. Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the county of ; and for repairing and widening several other Roads in the said County of Worcester, and in the Counties of Warwick and Gloucester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the ift and 17th Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Wore eft cr; and for explaining and making more effectual the said Acts; and

Wrexham,

&c.

Road*.

Thames

Fishery.

Kew

Bridge,

Rickards* and others Debts to the Crow n.

Supply B:l!; Stamp Duties, &c.

Supply.

30 Geo. II. 190 Mail901

also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, fe-vera) oilier Roads in the Counties of and Glouceji.r.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Sp caker,

The Lo^ds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Reads from the Town of in the County of

Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in t he County of Flint', and from the Town of Mold to Holywell, and

Rhuddlan, in the same County, and rrom thence to the Ftrry House opposite to the Town of Conway, in the County of Carnarvon-, and from Ruthin, to the f'aid Town of Mold-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the Spawn and Fry of Fish in the River of Thames and Waters of Medway, and for the better regulating the Fishery thereof; with l'ome Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middl, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, with an Amendments To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Mr. OfzialdpreCented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for impowering the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs to release and discharge the Estate and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, Virginia Merchants, from a Debt due to his Majesty, upon Payment, by the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded r.gainst them, of ti e Remainder of a Sum of Money certified by the Commissioners of the Customs to be due from the Estates of the said Bankrupts: And the same was received; and read the Eirft time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon News Papers, Advertisemems, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and Voi. 27.

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One million, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences of the War incurred, or to be incurred, for the Service of the Year 1757; and to take all such Measures as may be necessary to disappoint or defeat any Enterprises or Designs of his Enemies, and as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to be paid to such Per ions, and in such Manner, and by such Proportions, as his Majesty, shall direct, for the Uie and Relief of his Majesty’s Subjects in his several Provinces of North and South Carolina and Virginia, in America, in Recom* pence for such Services as, with the Approbation of the Commander in Chief of his Majesty’s Forces in America, they respectively shall have performed, or shall perform, either by putting the said Provinces in a State of Defence^ or by acting with Vigour against the Enemy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to be paid to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, towards enabling them to defray the Expence of a military Force in their Settlements, to be maintained by them in lieu of the Battalion of his Majesty’s Forces withdrawn from those Settlements.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be employed in maintaining and supporting the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge, and for widening the Avenues leading from Charing Cross to both Houses of Parliament, to widen the Street or Passage leading from Ccckfpur Street to the Passage in Spring Garden leading to Saint James's Park.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, Thar Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the last of the said Resolutions: And that Mr.

Proivfe, Major General Cornwallis, Mr. Cooke, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Hardinge, and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vice Admiral Bofcawen presented to the House, ac- Smuggler!, cording to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, upon certain Terms therein to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for allowing a further Bounty on Vessels em* British ployed in the White Herring Fishery, for giving Liberty Fishery, to alter the present Form and Size of the Nets used in the said Fishery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Accounts from the Committee of African the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, this Day Company, presented to the House, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

10 U Tii

902 ip° — 20° Mail. A. 1757.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

High Pnce Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

*2. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report, which, upon Friday the fl8th Day of Januarylaft, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing die high Price of Corn and Bread for the future.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerts, 20° Mail;

Anno 308 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

Pray ers.

Thornton’* A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eftace. for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of William

Ikomfott Esquire, in the County of Berks, to raise Money towards discharging several Mortgage Debts and Incumbrances affecting other Parts of his settled Estates in the same County, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

In L. 19. of the Clause added by the Committee to thd Bill, to leave out "Judgments, if any now recovered " against the said William and

L. 32. To leave out "Judgments."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question . severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Clause was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Distemper An ingrossed Bill more effect ually to prevent the Spread-amongst ing of the Distemper now raging amongst the Horned CattU. Cattle in this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper now raging amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Bath The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Street*, &c. for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets of the City of Bath, and Liberties thereof, and for regulating the Chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well-regulated Watch in the Night-time in the said City and Liberties; and to oblige all Owners of Houses, and other Buildings, within the said City and Liberties, to bring down the Water from the Roofs of their Houses, and other Buildings, by proper Pipes down the Sides or Walls of such Houses and Buildings; and also to oblige all Coal Carriages to pass by the Borough Walls of the said City, during the Night Season; without any Amendment: And also,

Poole Gate The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Roads. to explain, amend, and render mere eft’eftual, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Snrp'.y Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for SlamP^utK$> granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine, and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and fir applying, from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Suiplns of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition, of the Victuallers and Innholders of the Billeting County and Towm of Southampton, in behalf of them- Troop, on selves, and others in the like Situation, being offered to be presented to the House;

The Lord Bateman, by his Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; complaining, That the great Expences the Petitioners have been put to by having the Hessian Troops folong billeted at their Houses has greatly distressed the Petitioners and their Families; And therefore the Petitioners refer the Consideration of their Cafe, and humbly submit their Expectations of some Relief, to the Equity, Generality, and Compassion, of this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to ^aT* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Meaa*‘ consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; winch they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Charlton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply. Committee of tire whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to teveral Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the j.nnlr*

Report

Brififli

Fishery.

Hioh Price of Corn, Ate.

Smuggler*

Kick^-rds* fiil l others,

Debts to the Crown*

30 Geo. II. 20° — "2i°

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Paper', which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 0.4th Days of February, and the 17th Day of in the

last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of; and of the other

Papers referred to the said Committee;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Jioufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing a further 13'>unty on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery, forgiving Liberty to alter the present Form and Size of the Nets used in the said Fishery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to prevent any Difficulties in ascertaining, get-. ting in, and receiving, all such Sums of Money as shall for the future become due and payable by Law, as a Duty of Six Pence per Month from all Seamen who are or shall be employed in the Service of the British White Herring Fishery, for the Support of the royal Hospital at Greenwich.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prowse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, That they hadgone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report, which, upon Friday the 28th Day of January lad, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of proper Provisions for preventing the high Price of Corn and Bread for the future.

Ordered, Tl at Vice Admiral have Leave to

make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, upon certain Terms therein to be mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Of it aid have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill for impowering the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs toreleafe and discharge the Estate and EfLds of George Buchanan and V' illiam Hamilton, Virginia Merchants, from a Debt due to his Majesty, upon Payment, by the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against them, of the Remainder of a Sum of Money certified by the Commissioners of the Customs to be due from the Estates of the said Bankrupts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, i hat the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-V01. 27.

903

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroqr Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 2i° die Mati\

Anno 30* Georgii II" Regis, 1757-

Prayers.

MR. Prowse, according to Order, reported from the British Committee of the whole House, to whom the Fishoy, Bill for allowing a further Bounty on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery, for giving Liberty to alter the present Form and Size of the Nets used in the said Fishery, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him' to report to the House; arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout,' and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ‘be ingrossed. ‘ ‘‘

Mr. Townshend reported from the Committee, to whom Militia, it was referred to consider of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia' Forces in the several Counties of, that Part of Great Britain called England; and to report, to the House, what they should think proper to be offered to the House thereupon; That the Committee had considered the said Amendments; and had direde 1 him to report to the House, what the Committee thought proper to be offered to the House with respect to the said Amendments; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee to whom it was referred to consider. of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An A(5l for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England; and to report to the House, what they should think proper to be offered to the House thereupon; have, pursuant to the Order of the House, considered the said Amendments; and thereupon offer to the Consideration of the House the following Proposals:

To the 1 ft, 2d, 3d, and 4th, of the Lords Amendments, your Committee propose to the House to agree:

To the 5th Amendment, made by the Lords, in Prtfs 4. L. 27. which is, after the Word " notwithstanding," to add Clause B, your Committee propose the following Amendment; viz. After the Word " that," in the ad Line of the said Clause, to leave out to " any," in Line 6; and after the Word " Merit, in Line 7. to insert " in the said Militia, when called out and assembled, in case " of a<5lual Invasion.or upon imminent Danger thereof,

" or in case of Rebellion; " and, in the same Line, to leave out the Word ‘*Lord;" and, at the End of the Clause, to add the following Words, " provided that no " Person, not having the Qualification herein before directed for a Captain, shall be promoted to an higher " Rank than that of a Captain:"

To the 6th, 7th, and 8th, Amendments made by the Lords, your Committee propose to agree:

To the 9th Amendment, made by the Lords, in Press 8. Line 13. which is, to leave out the Word " Four," and inlert, " Two," your Committee propose to dif-

Mffitia.

9°4

110 Mali. ^.1757.

To the following Amendments, made by the Lords, as fer as the Amendment, Press xi. Line 34. your Committee propose to agree:

To the next Amendment, made by the Lords, in Press 11. Line 34. which is, to leave out " Two hundred and " Forty," and insert " One hundred and Twenty," your Committee propose to add, at the End of the Amendment, " provided that there shall not be more than Three " Commission Officers* that is to say. One Captain, One " Lieutenant, and One Ensign, to Eighty private Men,

" and so in proportion, as near as may be, to any greater " or lesser Number of private Men:"

To the Two next Amendments, your Committee propose to agree:

To the Eight next Amendments, your Committee pro-pole to disagree:

To the Two next Amendments, Press 18. Line 34. and 36. your Committee propose to agree:

To the Five next Amendments, your Committee propose to disagree:

To the Three next Amendments, your Committee propose to agree:

To the next Amendment, Press 2t. Line 14. which is, to add Clause C, your Committee propose to disagree:

To the Three next Amendments, your Committee propose to disagree:

To the next Amendment, Press 22. Line it. your Committee propose to agree:

To the Two next Amendments, your Committee propose to disagree:

To the Two next Amendments, your Committee propose to agree:

To the next Amendment, which is, Press 23. Line 7. and 8th, to leave out " every Month," and insert " thp " Months of May, June, July, August, , and

" O£loher" your Committee propose the following "Amendment; viz.After the Word "of," to insert March, April’'*

To the next Amendment, your Committee propose to agree:

To the Two next Amendments, your Committee propose to disagree:

To the next Amendment, Press 24. Line 21. your Committee propose to agree:

To the Four next Amendments, your Committee propose to disagree:

To the following Amendments, as far as Press 43.

L. 15. 16. and 17. your Committee propose to agree:

To the Amendment, Press 43. Line 15, 16, and 17. your Committee propose to disagree:

To the Three next Amendments, your Committee propose to agree:

To the Amendment, Press 45. Line 18, 19, 20, and

21.your Committee propose to disagree:

To the Two next Amendments, your Committee propose to agree:

To the Amendment, Press 47. Line 34, 35, and 36. your Committee propose 10 disagree:

To the Three next Amendments, your Committee propose to agree:

To the Two next Amendments, your Committee propose to disagree:

To the next Amendment, Press 52. Line 13. your Committee propose to agree:

To the next Amendment, your Committee propose to disagree;

To the next Amendment, Prels 54. Line 11. your Committee propose to disagree:

To the subsequent Amendments, your Committee propose to agree.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Amendments into Considerat ion.

And the Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 29. After " Deputy Lieutenants," insert 16

" the Names of such Persons having been first presented " to, and approved by, his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors:"

L. 37. After " his Majesty," insert " his Hein and Successors:"

L. 38. Leave out " Deputy Lieutenants and:" Pr. 2. L. 23. After " herein," insert " beforehand :" Pr. 4. L. 27. After " notwithstanding," insert Clause

B:

Clause B: " Provided always, and be it Enacted, " That the Qualifications above recited, to enable any " Person to att in the Militia in the Rank of Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign, shall extend to their First Commission only; and " that any Officer may be promoted on account of " Merit by the Lord Lieutenant of any County, Riding, " or Place, from a lower to an higher Commission, inelusive of that of Lieutenant Colonel, notwithstanding " he should not have the Qualifications requisite for his " First Admittance into such higher Rank of the Militia:"

Pr. 5. L. 36. Leave out " and, " and insert " or:"

Pr. 7. L. 31, 32. Leave out " apply," and, instead ^hereof, insert " be fit and willing:"

L. 37. Leave out " lb applying and quali-

« fied:"

Pr. 8. L. 13. Leave out " Four," and insert " Two:"

Pr. 9. L. 11. Leave out " Eight," and insert " Four:"

L. 12, 13. Leave out " One thousand One " hundred and Twenty," and insert " Five hundred u and Sixty:"

L. 13, 14. Leave out " One thousand One " hundred and Twenty," and insert " Five hundred "and Sixty:"

L. 15, 16. Leave out "Nine hundred and " Sixty." and insert " Four hundred and Eighty:"

L. 18. Leave out " One thousand One hundred and Twenty," and insert " Five hundred and u Sixty:"

L. 19, 20. Leave out " One thousand Two " hundred and Eighty," and insert " Six hundred and " Forty:"

L. 21. Leave out "Six hundred and Forty," and insert " Three hundred and Twenty:"

L. 22, 23. Leave out " One thousand One " hundred and Twenty," and insert " Five hundred and " Sixty:"

L. 25. Leave out " Three thousand Two " hundred," and insert " One thousand Six hundred :" L. 16, 27. Leave out " One thousand Two " hundred and Eighty," and insert Six hundred and " Forty:"

L. 28. Leave out " Eight," and insert " Four:"

L 29, 30. Leave out " One thousand Nine " hundred and Twenty," and insert " Nine hundred " and Sixty

Pr. 9. L. 33, 34. Leave out " One thousand Nine *5 hundred and Twenty," and insert " Nine hundred " and Sixty

L. 34, 35. Leave out " Nine hundred and " Sixty," and insert " Four hundred and Eighty:"

L. 36, 37. Leave out " One thousand One " hundred and Twenty," and insert " Five hundred " and Sixty:"

L 37, 38. Leave out " Six hundred and " Forty," and insert " Three hundred and Twenty:" Pr. 10. L. 1, 2. Leave out " One thousand Nine " hundred and Twenty," and insert " Nine hundred and " Sixty:"

L. 3. Leave out " One thousand Six hundred," and insert " Eight hundred:"

L. 4, 5. Leave out " One thousand One hundred and Twenty," and insert " Five hundred and " Sixty ;"

L. 7.

Militia#

30 Geo. II. ii°Mau. 905

L. 7. Leave out " Two thousand Four hun-u dred," and inlert "One thousand Two hundred;" and in the same Line leave out from "the" to "County," in the nth Line of the same Press:

L. 12. Leave out "Three thousand Two hundred," and insert "exclusive of the Division,

" commonly called the Toicer Hamlets, One thousand " Six hundred

L. 13. Leave out v " Four hundred and " Eighty" and insert " Two hundred and Forty:"

L. 15, 16. Leave out " One thousand Nine hundred and Twenty," and insert " Nine hundred " and Sixty:"

L. 17, 18. Leave out "One thousand Two " hundred and Eighty," and insert " Six hundred and " Forty

L. 21,22. Leave out "One thousand One " hundred and Twenty," and insert " Five hundred and Sixty

L. 24, 25. Leave out "Nine hundred and " Sixty," and insert " Four hundred and Eighty:"

L. 25, 26. Leave out " One thousand One " hundred and Twenty," and insert " Five hundred and " Sixty7

L. 27. Leave out "Two hundred and Forty," and insert " One hundred and Twenty

L. 28, 29. Leave out " One thousand Two '* hundred and Eighty, and insert " Six hundred and Forty

L. 30, 31. Leave out "One thousand Six " hundred and Eighty," and insert "Eight hundred *' and Forty:"

L. 33, 34. Leave out "One thousand Nine " hundred and Twenty," and insert "Nine hundred and Sixty

L. 36, 37. Leave out "One thousand Onei hundred and Twenty," and insert " Five hundred " and Sixty

L. 37,38. Leave out "One thousand Nine " hundred and Twenty," and insert " Nine hundred and Sixty :"

L. 39, 40. L-eave out " One thousand Six " hundred," and insert " Eight hundred:"

L. 40. and the ill Line of the next Press, Leave out " One thousand Six hundred," and insert " Eight hundred:"

Pr. 11. L. 3, 4. Leave out "One thousand Two " hundred and Eighty," and insert " Six hundred and " Forty;"

L. 5. Leave out "Four hundred and Eighty," and insert " Two hundred and Forty :"

L. 7, 8. Leave out "One thousand One hundred and Twenty, and insert " Five hundred and " Sixty:"

L. 9. Leave out " One thousand Six hundred," and insert " Eight hundred :"

L. 12. Leave out "Two thousand Four hundred and Eighty," and insert " One thousand Two hundred and Forty :"

L. 14. Leave out " One thousand Fourhundred and Forty," and insert "Seven hundred and " Twenty:"

L. 17. Leave out " Eight," and insert

" Four:"

L. tS.Leave out "One hundred and Sixty," and insert "Eighty:"

L. 19, 10. Leave out " Three hundred and " Twenty," and insert " One hundred and Sixty:"

L. 21. Leave out " Two hundred and Forty," and insert " One hundred and Twenty :"

L. 23, Leave out " Four," and insert

« Two:"

L. 24. Leave out " One hundred and Sixty," and insert E'ghry:"

L. 23, 26. leave out "Five hundred and " Sixty," and inlert " Two hundred and Eighty:"

L. 26, 27. Leave out "Two hundred and

Vol. 27.

" Forty," and insert " One hundred and Twenty:" L. 28. Leave out " Seven hundred and " Twenty," and insert " Three hundred and Sixty:"

L. 29. Leave out " One hundred and Sixty," and insert "Eighty:"

L. 30, 31. Leave out "Four hundred and " Eighty," and insert " Two hundred and Forty :"

L. 33. Leave out " Three hundred and " Twenty," and insert " One hundred and Sixty:"

L. 34. Leave out "Two hundred and Fortv," and insert " One hundred and Twenty:"

Pr. 12. L, 39. After " usually," insert "and at that " time

Pr. 13. L. 31. After " usually," insert "and at that

" time:"

Pr. 14. L. 21, 22. Leave out " One of them, together with any Three Commissioners of the Land Tax," and, instead thereof, insert "Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or, in case Three Deputy Lieutenants shall " not meet, then any Two Deputy Lieutenants, together " with any One Justice of the Peace for such County,

" Riding, or Place, or any One Deputy-Lieutenant, together with any Two such Justices of the Peace:"

L. 40. and ift Line of the 15 Press, Leave out " One of them, with the Content of any Three " Commissioners of the Land Tax," and insert "Three " or more of them, or any Two Deputy Lieutenants,

" together with any One Justice of the Peace; or any " One Deputy Lieutenant, together with any Two " Justices of the Peace;"

Pr. 16. L. 8, 9, 10. Leave out " One of them, with " the Content of any Three Commissioners of the Land " Tax," and insert " any Three or more of them, or " any Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any-one " Justice of the Peace; or any-one Deputy Lieutenant,

" together with any Two Justices of the Peace

L. 32, 33- Leave out "One of them, togetherwith three Commissioners of the Land Tax," and insert "Three or more of them, or any Two Deputy " Lieutenants, together with any One Justice of the " Peace; or any One Deputy Lieutenant, together with " any Two Justices of the Peace:"

Pr. 17. L. 7, 8. Leave out " One of them, with the " C onfentof any Three Commissioners of the Land " Tax," and insert " Three or more of them, or any " Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any One " Justice of the Peace; or any One Deputy Lieutenant,

" together with any Two Justices of the Peace:"

L. 15, 16, 17. Leave out " One of them,

" with the Content of any Three Commissioners of the " Land Tax," and insert " Three or more of them, or " any Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any One " Justice of the Peace; or any One Deputy Lieutenant,

" together with any Two Justices of the Peace:

Pr. 18. L. 13, 14, 15. Leave out "One Deputy " Lieutenant, together with Three Commissioners of the " Land Tax," and insert " Three or more Deputy Lieutenants; or any Two Deputy Lieutenants, together " with any One Justice of the Peace; or to any One " Deputy Lieutenant, together with any Two Justices " of the Peace:"

L. 25, 26. Leave out " Commissioners of " the Land Tax," and inlert "Justices of the Peace:"

L. 34. After " Penalty," insert "it shall be " levied by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands " and Seals, of such Justice or Justices of the Peace, rendering the Overplus, if any, on Demand, after deduding the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to such Offender upon whom such Distress shall have been made " as aforesaid; and, for want of such Distress:"

L. 36, After " Correction," insert there " to be kept to hard Labour:"

L. 39, 40. Leave ‘out " One of them, with " the Consent of Three Commissioners of the Land " Tax," and insert "Three or more of them, or any " Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any One Julio X " tice

Mililift*

90$

21 Mail.

" tice of the Peace; o tany One Deputy Lieutenant, " together with any Two Justices of the Peace:"

Pr. 19. L. 26, 27. Leave out " One of them, together with Three Commissioners of the Land Tax," and insert " Three or more of them, or any Two Deputy " Lieutenants, together with any One Justice of the " Peace; or any One Deputy Lieutenant, together " with any Two Justices of the Peace:"

Pr. 20. L. 1, 2, 3. Leave out " One of them, with " the Content of Three Commissioners of the Land " Tax,"and insert "Three or more of them, or any " Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any One Just " tice of the Peace; or any One Deputy Lieutenant, " together with any Two Justices of the Peace

L. 7, 8, 9. Leave out " One Deputy Lieu* " tenant, with the Consent of Three Commissioners of " the Land Tax, is, and, " and insert " Two Deputy " Lieutenants, together with any One Justice of the *' Peace; or any One Deputy Lieutenant, together with " any Two Justices of the Peace:"

L. 26, 27. Leave out " One Deputy Lieutenant, and Three Commissioners of the Land Tax," and insert "Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any " One Justice oft he Peace; or of any One Deputy Lieutenant, together with any Two Justices of the Peace:"

L. 33.Leave out from "no" to " private," in the 38th Line of the same Press:

Pr. 21. L. 2. After Militia Man," insert " shall;" and in the same Line, after "do," insert " personally:"

L. 7. Leave out " an," and insert "any:"

L. 14. After "Turn," inlcrt Clause C:

Clause C: " And be it Enacted, That every Man,

" having personally served Three Years in the Militia,

" and being a married Man, may set up and exerciseany " such Trade as he is apt and able for, in any Town or " Place within the Kingdom of Great Britain and " land, without any Lett, Suit, or. Molestation, of any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by reason of the " using such Trade, as freely, and with the same Provisions, and under the same Regulations, as any Mariner " or Soldier may do by an Act passed in the 22d Year " of his Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to enable " such Officers, Mariners, or Soldiers, as have been in " his Majesty’s Service since his Accession to the Throne,

" toexercise:"

L. 27, 28, 29. Leave out " One Deputy " Lieutenant, with the Consent of Three Commissioners " of the Land Tax," and insert "Two Deputy Lieutenant?, together with any One Justice of the Peace; or " any One Deputy Lieutenant, together with any Two " Justices of the Peace:"

L. 37, 38, 39. Leave out " One Deputy " Lieutenant, with the Consent of Three Commissioners " of the Land Tax," and insert "Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any One Justice of the Peace; or " any One Deputy Lieutenant, together with any Two " Justices of the Peace are:"

Pr. 22. L. 3, 4, 5. Leave out " One Deputy Lieutenant, and Three Commissioners of the Land Tax," and insert " Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any One " Justice of the Peace; or any One Deputy Lieutenant,

" together with any Two Justices of the Peace:"

L. 11. Leave out " on Demand:"

L. 21. Leave out " Commissioners of the " Land Tax," and insert " Justices of the Peace:"

L. 27, 28. Leave out " Commissioners of the " Land Tax," and insert "Justices of the Peace:"

L. 38. Leave out " Eight)'," and insert

" Forty:"

L. 39. After " each," insert " at the least :" Pr. 23. L. 7, 8. Leave out " every Month," and inlcrt " the Months ot May, June, August,

" her, and October:"

L. 9. Leave out "every Month," and insert " the said Months

L 13. After " Tuefd insert " and and,

in the suns Line, leave out "

4. 1757.

L. 16. Leave out " and Friday:*'

Pr. 24. L. 22. After " to," insert " the Ueutenant " or

L. 24,25. Leave out " One Deputy Lieutenant, with Three Commissioners of the Land Tax." and insert " any Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with " any One Justice of the Peace; or to any One Deputy " Lieutenant, together with any Two Justices of the " Peace

L. 31, 32, 33. Leave out "One Deputy Lieutenant, with the Consent of any Three Commissioners of the Land Tax," and insert " any Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any One Justice of " the Peace; or any One Deputy Lieutenant, together " with any Two Justices of the Peace:"

Pr. 25. L. 12. After " Tuefd insert " and:" L. 13. Leave out " and Friday

Pr. 26. L. 36, 3.7, 38. Leave out " which shall be in the Custody of any Person intrusted therewith, whom," and insert " whenever

L. 40 Leave out "dangerous," and insert " if necessary :"

Pr. 27. L. 40. Leave out from " shall" to " call," in the 4th Line of the next Press:

Pr. 28. L. 6. Leave out "once in every," and insert " within one;" and in the same Line, after " Week," insert " after every such Exercise

L. 11. Leave out from " him" to and, " in the 13 th Line of the same Press:

Pr. 29. L. 4. After " Militia," insert " Man :"

Pr. 33. L. 22. After " aforesaid," insert " shall, by " Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and " Seals, of such Justice or Justices, levy the same by " Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus,' if any, on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to " fueft Offender upon whom such Distress shall li ve " been made as aforesaid;1 and, for want of such " Distress

Pr. 34. L. 35. After " Successors," insert " the Occasion being first communicated to Parliament, if the " Parliament shall be then fitting; or declared in Council, and notified by Proclamation, if no Parliament " shall be then fitting, or in being:"

Pr. 35. L. 4. After " herein," leave out " before :"

L. 34. Leave out from " and" to " the," in the 37th Line of the same Press:

Pr 36. L. 26. Leave out "refuse to," and insert "not " appear, and: ’

L. 28. Leave out " so refilling Clause A: L. 2. Leave out from " Time" to " the,"

in the 4th Line, and insert " in case of actual Invasion,

" or upon imminent Danger thereof, or in case of Rebellion:"

Clause A: L. 15. Leave out from " Day" to the End of the Clause:

Pr. 37. L. 28, 29. Leave out " or into actual Ser-« vice:"

Pr. 41. L. 12. Leave out "Ten," and insert " Five:"

Pr. 43. L. 15, 16, 17. Leave out "One Deputy " Lieutenant, together with or with the Consent of " any Three Commissioners of the Land Tax," and insert "Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any One " Justice of the Peace; or on any One Deputy Lieutenant, together with any Two Justices of the Peace :"

L. 19. Leave out from " " to

" And whereas," in the 29th Line of the iame Press:

Pr. 44. L. 36, 37. Leave out " One hundred and " Sixty," and insert " Eighty:"

L. 37, 38. Leave out " One thousand Two " hundred and Eighty," and insert " Six hundred and " Forty:"

Pr. 45. L. 18, 19, 20, 21. Leave out " One Deputy " Lieutenant, together with or with the Consent of any " Three Commissioners of the Land Tax," and insert " Two Deputy Lieutenanis, together with any One Justice

" of

30 Geo. IL 210 M 907

" of ti e Peace; or on any One Deputy Lieutenant, to*

" get her with any Two Justices of the Peace:"

Pr. 47. L. 16. After " thereof," insert " and the re*

" oiftering the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and " Officers

L 19. After " thereof," insert " and the registering the said Qualifications:"

L. 34, 35, 36. Leave out " One Deputy " Lieutenant, with the Consent of Three Commissioners " of the Land Tax," and insert "Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any One Justice of the Peace; or " on any One Deputy Lieutenant, together with any " Two Justices of the Peace

Pr: 48. L. 13. Leave out from "Pounds" to "and," in the 19th Line of the same Press:

L. 26. Leave out from "Pounds" to " and, " in the 28th Line of the tame Press:

L. 33. Leave out from " Pounds" to the Words " One Halt," in the 26th Line of the next Press:

Pr. 51. L. 29, 30, 31. Leave out "One Deputy " Lieutenant, and Three Commissioners of the Land. " Tax," and insert "Two Deputy Lieutenants, together " with any One Justice of the Peace; or to any-one

J S

" Deputy Lieutenant, together with any Two Justices " of the Peace:"

L. 34, 35, 36. Leave out " One of them, " with the Consent of l'lirce Commissioners of the Land *' Tax," and insert " Two Deputy Lieutenants, together with any One Justice of the Peace; or any One " Deputy Lieutenant, together with any Two justices " of the Peace

Pr. 52. L. 13. After " Su&division," insert "and M that in all Cases when any Person shall be committed " to the House of Correction by virtue of this Act, he " shall, during the time of such Commitment, be kept " to hard Labour in such House of Correction:"

L. 26, 27, 28. Leave out- " One Deputy *c Lieutenant, with the Consent of any Three Commissioners of the Land Tax," and insert " Two Deputy " Lieutenants, together with any One Justice of the " Peace; or by any One Deputy Lieutenant, together " with any Two Justices of the Peace:"

Pr. 54. L. 11. Leave out from "heretofore" to " Provided always," in the 37th Line of the next Press, and insert Clause D:

Clause D: "Provided always, and be it Enacted, That his Majesty’s Constable of the or Lieutenant

" of the Tower Hamlets, may and shall continue to lift " and levy the Militia, and to appoint his Deputy Lieu-" tenants, and to give Commissions to a proper Number " of Officers to train and discipline the said MilitiaTor " the said Division of the Tower Hamlets, as he and they " have used to do pursuant to an Act of the 13th and c‘ 14th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, " intituled, An Act for the ordering the Forces in the " several Counties of this Kingdom; anything contained " in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding:"

Pr. 56. L. 30. After " repealed," insert "except in " such Cases as are herein specially directed to be subjcCl " to the Provisions of the said former Acts, or any of " them:"

Pr. 57. L. 18. Leave out the Second " or," and, in-ftcad thereof, insert "other:"

At the End of the Bill, add Clause E:

Clause E: " Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act lliaJJ continue and be in Force for the Space of Five Years, and from " thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer:"

The Four First Amendments, being severally road a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, the next Amendment, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out " the Qualifications above recited, to enable Vot. 27.

" any Person toact in the Militia in the Rank of Lieu- Militia* " tenant Colonel* Major, Captain, Lieutenant, and £nsign, shall extend to their First Commissiononly; and " that."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,-agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by infefting, after the Word " Merit," the'

Words " in the said Militia, when called out and affemj " bled, in case of actual Invasion, or upon imminent " Danger thereof, or in case of Rebellion."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by leaving out the Word " Lord."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by inserting, at the End thereof, the Words,

" provided that 170 Person, not having the Qualification " herein before directed for a Captain, shall be pro-

" moted to an higher Rank than that of Captain."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Clause, so amended, being an ingrafted Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Three next Amendments, being severally read 3 Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

The Ninth Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The subsequent Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Pr. l 1. L. 34. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 11. L. 34. being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding, at the End thereof, " provided " that there shall not be more than Three Commission " Officers, that is to say. One Captain, One Lieutenant,

" and One Ensign, to Eighty private Men, and so in " proportion, as near as may be, to any greater or lesser " Number of private Men."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Two next Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Eight subsequent Amendments being severally read a Second time;

And the Question being fevirally put, That the House do agree to the said Amendments made by the Lords; '

It passed in the Negative.

The Two next Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Five next Amendments being severally read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put, That the House do agree to the said Amendments made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The Three next Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause C, the next Amendment, was read a Second time; and, being an ingrafted Clause, was read the Third time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment made by the Lords;

IrpatTed in the Negative.

The

90S n* Ma 1757*

The Three next Amendments being severally read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put, That the House do agree to the said Amendments made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Two next Amendments being severally read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put. That the House do agree to the said Amendments made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The Two next Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, Press 23. Line 7, and 8. to leave out " every Month," and inlert, instead thereof, " the Months of May, June, July, September, " and October," being read a Second timej

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting after the Word " of," the Words " March, April:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, being sread a Secohd time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Two next Amendments, being severally read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put. That the House do agree to the said Amendments, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative. 1

The next Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Four next Amendments being severally read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put, That the House do agree to the said Amendments, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The subsequent Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Press 43, Lines 15, 16, and 17, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Press 43, Lines 15, 16, and 17, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The Three next Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The Two next Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment being read a Second time;

; And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The Three next Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I loulc.

The Two next Amendments being severally read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put, That the House do agree to itic laid Amendments, made by the Lords;

11 passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment being read a Second time, was, iG -

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Two next Amendments being severally read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put, That the House do agree to the said Amendments, made by the Lords;

It passed in the Negative.

The subsequent Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, as this House hath difegrecd to.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the said Amendments, and to report to the House what they should think proper to be offered to the House thereupon, be the said Committee.

The House being informed, That Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Money remaining in the Exche- Account) quer, disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the SinkmgFund Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of April last.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the-Siriking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of April 1757.

The Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of April 1757, amounts to the Sum of Fifty thousand Four hundred Ninety-one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence Halfpenny.

Edzv.

Memorandum: The Accounts of the Exchequer continuing to be made up to the qld Quarter Days, is the Reason that this Account ii made up to the 5th of April 1757, and not to the 10th of April 1757, as directed by the Order of this honourable House.

Exchequer, the 21st Day of May, 1757.

CWere</, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Ways Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred an<*.MeaD!-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in 1

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and i

is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee,;

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, j

the Sum of One million be raised by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids to be granted,

the next Session of Parliament.

The said Bel'olution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question pi't thereupon, agreed to by toe House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said 1

Resolution: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Charles 'lozvnf- '

hend, Mr. Nugent, the Lord Duncannon. Mr. Attorney 1

General

1

1

Supply*

Mirch, &c. Drainage.

R*mfry* &c.

Drainage.

Wiegrnhill

Drainage.

Encouraging Captors of Prizer.

Jack Tories Name.

30 Geo. II. 21* — 23* Mail. 909

General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confuler further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had dbeftedhim to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the: same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the further enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminto the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, to purchase Houses and Grounds

for the widening the Ways, and making more safe and commodious the Streets, Avenues, and Passages, leading from Charing Cross to the Two Houses of Parliament, the Courts of Justice, and W Bridge.

Refdvtd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Seventeen Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Half-pay to certain Staff Officers of the late Garrison at Minorca; viz. to the Secretaries, to the Governor of the Island of Minorca, the Cap.tain of the Ports there, the Lieutenant Governor of Fort St. Philip, and the Surgeon of the Garrison of Fort St. Philip, for the Year 1757.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing, Nine of the Clock.

Lit/:#, 2 30 Mait \

Anno 30* Gcoigii IIdi Regis, 1757.

P R A Y e R s.

AM ESS A GE from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The I ..orbs have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townships or Hamlets of March and Himhliugton, and in the Parish of in the If.eof Ely, and County of Cambridge, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the several Parishcs of Ramsey, Bury, Wifiow, liar boys, Farceitt, Star.dground, and Water Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Doddington in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands, and low Grounds, in the Parish of St. Mary

Magdalen, in the County of Norfolk, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom, without any Amendment.

And then the McH'cngeis withdrew.

Mr. Tucker reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Samuel Jackson Esquire, now' called ton, and his Heirs Male, to take and use, in Exchange for his and their own Surname and Arms, the Surname and Arms of Dodinglon, pursuant to the Will of George Do-dington Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Com-Vot. 27.

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Thames Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Fflhery. An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the Spawn and Fry of Fish in the River of Thames, and Waters of Medway, and for the better regulating the Fishery thereof.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 6. Leave out " causing some Mark of " Distinction, by Name, Fjgure, or otherwise, to be " placed in every Boat, Vessel, or Crafr, which shall," and, instead thereof, insert, " obliging every common " Fisherman, Drudgerman, or other such Person, who " shall fish with a Boat, Vessel, or Craft

L. 12. Leave out " be used by every common " Fisherman or Drudgerman in Fflhing or Drudging:"

L. 16. After "aforesaid," insert " to have on his " Boat, Vessel, or Craft, both his Chiiftian and Surname,

" and also the Name of the Parishor Place in which he,

" dwelleth, painted in legible and large Characters, in " some convenient Place where any one may fee and " read the fame:’’

L. 17. Leave out " Figure

Pr. 5. L. 10. After "LordKeeper,"insert "or Lords " Commissioners

Pr. 23. L. 39, 40. After " Privileges," insert "or,’* and after Franchises," leave out " or Demands:"

At the End of the Bill add Clause (A).

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Mayor of London do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the £ew Bridge. Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of known by

the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the opposite Shore

in the County of Surrey.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed; viz.

Pr. 27. L. 25, 26. After " notwithstanding," insert Proviso, marked (A).

Proviso, (A). " Provided always, That nothing in this " Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,

" to authorize or impower the said Robert Tunstall, his " Heirs or Assigns, to take down, demolish, lpoil> or " damage, any of the Houses or Buildings of, or belonging to, Levett Blackborne Esquire, situate and being in

" the Hamlet of Kewaforesaid, called or known by the " Names of the Great House, Sir Charles Eyre's House,

" Sir John Brown's House, and the Old Feiry-house, respectively, heretofore comprised in anyLeafeorLeafes " to her late Majesty Queen Caroline, or now in Lease " or Contraft to his present Majesty, or his Trustees, or " any of the Walls or Fences of or belonging to the " same Houses or Buildings, respectively, or any Gardens " or Grounds contained within the said Walls or Fences;

" nor to build or erect on the Ground of the said Levett " Blackborne any Building or Erection whatsoever, other " than the Abutment of such Bridge or Bridge*, and a " Toll-house at the Foot of the said Bridge, and Polls " and Rails for the Security of the fame, and of the Abutment of the said Bridge or Bridges; such Toll-house " not to be more than Twelve Feet in Height, including " the Roof thereof, nor more than Twelve Feet square."

10 Y The

9io

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Selling of An ingrossed Bill to restrain and limit the vending and Poisont. disposing of Poisons, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to restrain and limit the vending and disposing of Poisons.

Ordered, That Sir John Cujl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

British An ingrossed Bill for allowing a further Bounty on Fjflierv. Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery; for giving Liberty to alter the present Form and Size of the Nets used in the said Fishery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing a further Bounty on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fishery; for giving Liberty to alter the present Form and Size of the Nets used in the said Fishery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Laws An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual the several refusing Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation ,gh'*ay,‘ of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Carriages not laden to palsrTurnpikes without being weighed.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was amended.

Then the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

' Pr. 9. L. 28. To leave out " Centre or:"

L. 31. To leave out " Centre or."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wart The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and M«n«. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of Aprillaft, be referred to the said Comnfirtee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chariton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

A. 17 57-

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the j,nv;CJ Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 18th and 24th Days of February, and the 17 th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, relating to the then Governor, Council, and Assembly, of Jamaica-, and of the other Papers referred to the said Committee.

Mr. ’Thomas Gore accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Resolution of the Assembly of the Island of Jamaica, contained in the Minutes of the said Assembly, of the 29th Day of October 1753, in the Words following; viz. "Resolved, That it is the inherent and un-

" doubted Right of the Representatives of the People to " raile and apply Monies for the Service and Exigencies " of Government, and to appoint such Person or Per*

" fons for the receiving and issuing thereof, as they shall " think proper; which Rights this House hath exerted,

* and will always exert, in such manner as they shall " judge most conducive to the Service of hh Majesty,

" and the Interest of his People," so far as the same imports a Claim of Right in the said Assembly to raise and apply public Money, without the Confjnt of the Governor and Council, is illegal, unconllitutional, and derogatory of the Rights of the Crown, and People of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Claim, in the said Resolution, of a Right in the Assembly to appoint such Person or Persons for the receiving and issuing of public Money, as the said Assembly shall think proper, is illegal, unconllitutional, and derogatory of the Rights of the Crown of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Six last Resolutions of the Assembly of Jj-mai.a, of the 29th Day of October 1753, proceed upon a manifest Misapprehension of his Majesty’s Instruction to his Governor, requiring him not to give his Afient to any Bill of an unusual or extraordinary Nature and Importance, wherein his Majesty’s Prerogative, or Property of his Subjects, may be prejudiced, or the Trade or Shipping of this Kingdom any-ways affected, unless there be a Clause inserted, suspending the Execution of such Bill, until his Majesty’s Pleasure shall be known; and that such Instruction is just and necessary, and no Alteration of the Constitution of that Island, nor any-ways derogatory to the Rights of his Subjects there.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the Word " unconllitutional," and inserting the Words " repugnant to the Terms of his Majesty’s " Commission to his Governor of the said Wand," instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Word " unconstitutional" Hand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " repugnant to the Terms of his Majesty’s Commission to " his Governor of the said Island," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended. That the Resolution of the Assembly of the Wand of Jamaica, contained in the Minutes of the said Assembly, of the 29th Day of October 1753, in the Words following; v" Resolved, That it is " the inherent and undoubted Right of the Representatives of the People to raise and apply Monies for the " Service and Exigencies of Government, and to appoint " such Person or Persons for the receiving and issuing

* thereof,

23° Mail.

Smugglers.

Biickanjr/* *uri other* Debts to the Crown.

Supply N il; SumjD'i.ks, &c.

30 Geo. II. 230 — 24 '.Mail911

<c thereof, as they shall think proper; which Rights this " House hath exerted, and will always exert, in such manner as they shall judge most conducive to the Ser- vice of his Majesty, and the Interest of his People;" so far as the same imports a Claim of Right in the said Assembly to raise and apply public Money, without the Consent of the Governor and Council, is illegal, repugnant to the Terms oMiis Majesty’s Commission to his Governor of the said Island, and derogatory of the Rights of the Crown and People of Great Britain.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, and the like Amendment being made thereto as was made to the First Resolution;

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 2id and 23d Days of Lecember 1678, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the Bill for gianting a Supply to his Majesty, for paying off and disbanding the Forces, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the House doagree with the Committee in tire said Resolution, so amended, That the Claim, in the said Resolution, of a Righc in the Assembly to appoint such Person or Persons for the receiving and issuing of public Money, as the said Assembly shall think proper, is illegal, repugnant to the Terms of his Majesty’s Commission to his Governor of the said Island, and derogatory of the Rights of the Crown of Great Britain.

The lait Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Dav being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Commitke of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, upon certain Terms therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, at Three Quarters of an Hour after Four of the Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said

Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for impowei ing the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs to rcleale and discharge the Eftare and Ef-lefts of George Buchanan and William , Virginia

Merchants, trom a Debt due to his Majesty, upon Payment, by the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against them, of the Remainder of a Sum of Money, certified by the Commissioners of the Customs to be due from the Estates of the said Bankrupts.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton have Leave to make a Motion; it being alter Four of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous I ,iquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. to L. 6. To leave out "Tenth," and insert " Fifth."

y. B. The Reason for making this Amendment is inserted in the Clerk’s Minute Book.

Pr. 46. L. 2a. After " said," to insert " be intitled " ro have and receive."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question fe-Vol. 27.

verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon News Papers, Ad vertisement;', and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors; and for raising the Sum of Three millions by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and uiolicito's; and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and also the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurience.

Mr. Cooke presented to the House, according to Order, ^C°ckfpfar a Bill to enable the Commissioners for building Strt«,

minster Bridge to widen the Street or Avenue leading WestmiulUr. from Cockfpttr Street to the Passage in Spring Garden, near Saint ‘James's Park: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill,

der, a Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money for the Ulcsand Purposes therein mentioned:

And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order, made this Day, for the House to resolve Smuggler*, itself into a Committee of the whole House, at Three Quarters after Four of the Clock this Afternoon, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, upon certain Terms therein mentioned, being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Carysfort reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fame.

Orered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Afar (is,2 40 dieMaii;

Anno 30® Georgii II'1 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

THE Lord North reported from the Committee, to Earl of whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Dartmouth'* An Act for confirming a Partition between William Earl ^ate*' of Dartmouth, and Frances Catherine, Countess of Dartmouth,

Jack Ton’s Name.

fmproYement of Cockipur Street, Westminster.

Evefliam

Roads.

Southwark

Market.

12

mouth, his Wife, and Sir William Maynard Baronet, of several Estates in the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Surrey, Suffolk, and Hertford, and in the City of London and for veiling and settling the infire Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as foiioweth; viz.

Pr. 20. L. 5. After " thereout," insert "mentioned " in the said Books of Survey

Pr. 22. L. 28. After " thereout," insert "mentioned " in the said Books of Survey Pr. 23. L. 38. After " thereout," insert "mentioned " in the said Books of Survey

Pr. 24. L. 33. After " said," insert " William Earl " of Dartmouth, and Frances Catherine Countess of mouth:"

L. 34. Leave out " he claims," and insert " they or either of them claim

L. 35. Leave out from "under" to "but," in Line 37. and insert " them, or either of them:"

Pr. a6. L. 24. After "aforesaid," insert " after dedueling One Moiety of the Expences of obtaining and " passing this Act."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Samuel Jackson Esquire, now called Samuel Do-dinglon, and his Heirs Male, to take and ule, in Exchange for his and their own Surname and Arms, the Surname and Arms of Dodington, pursuant to the Will of George Dodington Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Tucker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners for building minster Bridge to widen the Street or Avenue leading from Cockfpur Street to the Passage in Garden, near Saint

James's Park, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 'upon the said Bill.

A Mtffage from the Lords, by Mr. Fide and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the First and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and Irom the Borough of Eveffam, in the County of and for explain-

ing and making more effectual the said Acts; and also for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester, Warwick, and Glou-cejlerwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, paired in tire 28th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not ia-

l5

terfering with the high Street in the said Borough, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed ro the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford Level, between Brandon River and Sams's Cutt Drain-, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the said Great Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the same were read; and are as foiioweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of £.50,491. 17. S£. remaining in the Exchequer, disposable by Parliament, of the Produce of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus-monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund, for the Quarter ending the 5th Day of April ‘1757.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the further Sum of £.849,508. 2. 3L out of such Monies as shall or may arise of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus-monies, and other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Resolutions, which, upon Monday the 4th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as foiioweth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted " to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of " £.300,000, out of such Monies as shall or may arise of " the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus-monies, and " other Revenues, composing the Fund commonly called " the Sinking Fund."

" Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted " to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of "£.19,416. 14. 9L being the Savings out of the " Grants made this Session of Parliament for the Pay " of the Troops of Hanover in the Pay of Great " tain."

The House was also moved. That the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday the 3d Day of this instant May, were reported from the said Committee of the whole House, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as foiioweth; viz.

" Bcfolved,

24° Mali.

Brandoh

Drainage,

Supply Bill;

Way* ani Means,

Dirt*.

Militia.

jo Geo. II. 24° M: 913

«? Refblved, That the Sum of £.16,190. 5. 3. re-

" maining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 10th Day of October 1756, of the Surplus of the Duties on

k* Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors, be issued and " applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty this Session of Parliament."

" Resolved, That the Sum of £.140,568. 5. 2

remaining in the Exchequer, being the Overplus of the " Grants for the Service of I he Year 1756, be issued and " applied towards making good the Supply granted to his Majesty this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolucions, which, upon Monday the 4th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; and also to the Resolutions, which, upon the Third Day of

this Instant May, were reported from the said Committee, and were then agreed to by the House; and also to the Resolutions this Lay reported from the said Committee, and agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Charlton, Mr. Nugent, the lord Duncannon, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Toz^ nishend reported from the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for ditagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Cc antic s of that Part of Great Britain calied England, as this House hath disagreed to, That the Committee had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Piece; and afterwards delivered it in at the Cieik’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Commons agree to the Four First Amendments made by your Lurdthips to the said Bill.

The Comm >ns agree to the 5th Amendment, made by your Lordships, Prel's 4. Line 27, with the following Amendments; viz.\ ': the Word "that," in the 2d Line or Claus.' 'B },to leave out to the Word "any," in Line 6; and, afar to: \\ oid " Merit," in Line 7, to in-lert" in tin* ftiJ Militia, wlu-ncalled out and assembled, in " calc ol actual Invafnn, or upon imminent Danger thereof, or in case ot Rebel li->11and, in the same Line, to leave out the " ord * Lo d." and, at the End of the Clanfe, to add the f .'flowing Words, " Provided, That no 4< Person, not having the Qua.irication herein before directed for a Captain. Hull be promoted to an higher " Rank than that ot Captain: Provided also, That the Quahfic uions above-recited, to enable any Person io be a Deputy Lieutenant, Lieutenant Colonel, Major, Captain, Lieutenant, or Ensign.shall not extend to such " Commissions as shall be granted by his Majesty’s Constable of the Tower, or Lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets."

To the Three next Amendments the Commons agree.

The Commons disagree to the next Amendment, made by your Lordships, Press 8, Line 13; which is to leave out the Word " Four," and inlert " Two:"

Because however this Amendment may seem to be founded upon that other Amendment, by which your Lordships pt opose to reduce the Number of Men in each Company, yet it is, in fad, not correspondent with it; in-afinuch as by confining the Number of Serjeants to Two, your Lordships take away that very Latitude of forming Companies of more than Forty Men; which your Lordships, it is presumed, intended to give, when you directed that the Companies should consist of Forty Men at the lead.

The Commons agree to the subsequent Amendments, made by your Lordships, as faF as the 2d Amendment in the 7th.Line of the 10th Prels.

VOL. 2J.

The Commons disagree to the 2d Amendment in the 7th Line of the 10th Press, which is to leave out from " the" to "County," in the nth Line of the same Prels:

Because the Provisions made by this Bill, for establishing a more useful Militia, are at lead as necessary for the Tower Hamlets as for the rest of the Kingdom; and the leaving them as proposed by your Lordships Amendments, under the Regulation of the Act of King Charles the 2d, would subject them to pecu'iar Hardship9.

The Commons decline, at this time, offering any other Reasons; believing these may be l'ufficient to prevail with your Lordships not to inlist upon the said Amendment, that a Bill so necessary may not be loft.

The Commons agree to the next Amendment, Press

10, Line 12, with the following Amendment; viz. to leave out " exclusive of the Tozver Division, commonly " called the Tower Hamlets."

The Commons agree to the following Amendments, made by your Lordships, as far as the Amendment, Press

11, Line 34.

The Commons agree to the Amendment, Press 11, Line 34, with the Amendment following; viz. at the End of the Amendment, to inlert, " Provided that there " shall not be more than Three Commission Officers;

" that is to say, One Captain, One Lieutenant, and One " Ensign, to Eighty private Men; and so in proportion,

" as near as may be, to any greater or lesser Number of " private Men.’’

The Commons agree to the Two next Amendments.

The Commons disagree to the next Amendment, Prels H, 1 Jne 21; which is to leave out " One of them, together with any Three Commissioners of the Land " Tax," and, instead thereof, to insert " Tiitee or more " Deputy Lieutenants; or in calc Three Deputy Lieutenants shall not meet, then any Two Deputy Lieute-'

" nants, together with any One Justice of the Peace for " such County, Riding, or Place, or any One Deputy Lieutenant, together with Two such Justices of the Peace:"

Because they apprehend that it would be scarce possible, in many Counties, for the Justices of the Peace to execute the several Powers veiled by the Bill in the Commissioners of the Land Tax, upon account of the Paucity of their Numbers; whereas the Commissioners of the Land Tax are not only much more numerous, and more conllantly resident in the several Counties in which they are required by Law to have their Qualifications situated, but are also actually intruded with the Execution of Powers bearing the nearest Resemblance to those which are the Subject of this Amendment, in all the late Acts for recruiting his Majesty’s Forces; in which Acts it hath been found necessary to add the Commissioners of the Land Tax, upon the Experience of the Impossibility of their being carried into Execution by the Justices of the Peace.

The Commons disagree to the Seven Amendments immediately following, for the same Reasons for which they disagree to the Amendment, Press 14, Line 2i, and

22.

The Commons agree to the Two next Amendments, made by your Lordships, Press 18, Line 3+, and Press 18, Line 36.

The Commons disagree to the Five Amendments ira-mediately following, for the same Reasons for which they disagree to the Amendment, Press 14, Line 21, and 22.

To the Amendment, Press 20, Line 33, and the Three following Amendments, the Commons do agree.

The Commons disagree to the Amendment, Press 21, Line 14; which is after "Turn," to insert Clause (C):

Because they think it improper to enadl thus incidentally a (landing Repeal, as far as the Bill extends, of the Privileges of many Corporations, especially as the Law, to which this Provision expressly refers, has ever been merely an occasional Law, paired at the Conclusion of a War, and founded upon the Supposition of actual Service.

10 Z The

Militia.

PH

The Commons disagree to the Amendment, Press zr, Line 27, 28, and 29, and to the Two following Amend-. meats, for the finne Kealons for which they difagnee to the Amendment, Press 14, Line 21, and 22.

The Commons agree to the next Amendment, Press *2, Line it.

The Commons disagree to the Two following Amendments, Press 22, Line 21, and Press 22, Line 27, and 28, for the same Reasons for which they disagree to the Amendment, Press 14, Line 21, and 22.

The Commons agree to the Two next Amendments, Press 22, Line 38, and Press 22, Line 39.

The Commons agree to the next Amendment, Press 23, Line 7, and 8; which is to leave out "every Month," and insert the M >nths of MJune, July, " tember, and QEloberwith the Amendment following j viz. after the Word " of," to insert " March, April."

The Commons agree to the next Amendment, Press

23, Line 9.

The Commons difigree to the Two following Amendments, Press 23, Line 15, and Line 15, and 16 j which are, after " Tuesday,"to insert " and, " and to leave out " Thursday and Friday:

Because, as they apprehend, the Exercise of the Militia by Battalions, or in as large Bodies as may be, will be of great Ule, they can by no means think that the Allot-;iuent cf Two Days only in a Year will be sufficient for that Purpose.

The Commons agree to the next Amendment, Press

24, Line 22.

The Commons disagree to the Two Amendments im-. mediately following; viz. Press 24, Line 24, and 25, and Press 21, Line 31, 32, and 33, for the same Kealons for which they disagree to the Amendment, Prels 14, Line

21, and %g.

The Commons disagree to tlieTwo next Amendments, Press 25, Line 12, and Press 25, Line 13, for the same Reasons for which they disagree to the Amendments,

Press 23, Line 15, and Line 15, and 1

The Commons agree to the Amendment, Press 26, Line 36,.37, and 38, and to the following Amendments as far as the Amendment, Press 43, Line, 15, 16, and

The Commons disagree to the Amendment, Press 43, Line 15, 16, and 17, for the same Reasons for which they disagree to the Amendment, Press 14, Line 21, and 22.

The Commons agree to the Three next Amendments.

The Commons disagree to the Amendment, Press 45,

- Line 18, 19, 20, and 21, for the same Reasons for which they difigree to the Amendment, Press 14, Line 21,

, and 22.

The Commons agree to the Two next Amendments,

Press 47, Line 16, and Press 47, Line 19.

The Commons disagree to the Amendment, Press 47, Line 34, 35, and 36, for the same Reasons for which they disagree to the Amendment, Prels 14, Line 21, and 22.

The Commons agree to the Three next Amendments.

Tiie Commons disagree to the Amendment, Press 51,

Line 29, 30, and 31, and to the Amendment following, lor the same Reasons for which they disagree to the Amendment, Press 14, Line 21, and 22.

The Commons agree to the next Amendment, Press 5c, Line 13.

The Commons disagree to the next Amendment, Press 52, Line 26, 27, and 2S, for the same Reasons for which they disagree to the Amendment, Press 14, Line 21, and

22.

The Commons disagree to the Amendment, Press 54, Line 11; which is to leave out from " heretofore" to . " Provided always," in the 37th Line of the next Press,

and inlirt Clause (D), for the same Reasons for which they difigree to the Amendment in Press 10, Line 7.

The Commons here also decline, at this time, offering any other Kealons; believing these may be sufficient to prevail with your Lordships not to infill upon the 1S

24® — 25* Mail.

J. 1757.

said Amendment, that a Bill lb necessary may not be loft.

To the rest of the Amendments, made by your Lordships, the Commons agree.

The said Keafons, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments made by their Lord ships to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles T do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

The Lord Carysfort, according to Order,. reported Smuggler*, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, upon certain Terms therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House refoived itself into a Committee of the ^ickuds^ whole House, upon the Bill for impowering the Receiver pe(j° t'rj^ General of His Majesty’s Customs to release and discharge Crown, the Estate and Effects of George Buchanan and Hrilliam Hamilton, Virginia Merchants, from a Debt due to his Majesty, upon Payment, by the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against them, of the Remainder of a Sum of Money certified by the Commissioners of the Customs to be due from the Estates of the said Bankrupts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2 5° die Mali;

Anno 30° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Evlof for confirming a Partition between William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frances Catherine Countess of Dartmouth, his Wife, and Sir William Maynard Baronet, of several Estates in the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Surrey, Suffolk, and Hertford, and in the City of London; and for veiling and settling the intire Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord North do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Bochinn’s Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for im- nd o,liei*>

Ot his w itie

powering Crown.

Jlln^fJcwn H iii Roads*

Avcount of Iroa nvvle in America.

Samplers.

Supply Bill;

Sinking

FunJ.

Improvprpert or Cocklpur Srrret,

Westiiiinfler.

30 Geo. II. 25*

powering the Receiver General of his Male fly’s Customs to r lealc and d if-barge the Estate and hfiects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, Virginia Merchants, t om a Debt due to his Majesty, upon Payment, by the Assignees under the Com mi (lion of Bankruptcy awarded against ch' m,of the Remainder of a Sum of Money certified by the Co:r.nu.7ioners of the Customs to be due from the Estates of the said Bankrupts, was committed, the Amen Intents witich the Committee had made to the Bill; and wluch they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quetlion Icveraily put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the H ule to the Bill.

Ordered, Tint the Bill, with the Amendments, be

logrolled.

A Mefl'ige from the Lords, by Mr. ElJe and Mr.

Hvlfed:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

r . c~ *

for enlarging the Terms and Rowers granted by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present M:j lly, for repairing and enlarging tire Highways between the Top of King ? Z i'H Hill and t he City of Bath, and for amending fever.u other Highways therein mentioned, leading to the said City; and also for repairing fverai other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And th.en the Messengers withdrew.

Ri fi.'vcd, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, Til at he will be graciously pleated to give Di-redtions, that there be laid before this House, the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Quantity of Iron made in 1 Its Majesty’s Colonies in dm eric a, from Chris;nun 1749, to 5th January 1756; ditlinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by inch Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, upon certain Terms therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running of pro-hihiied, uneuflomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, upon certain Terms therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord Cary fort do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charlton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Bund; and applying certain Montes remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Savings out of the Monies granted in this Session, for the Pay of the Troops of Hanover-, for the Service of the Year 1757: And the same was received; and read the Fit ft time.

Rejlived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable

the Cmnmulloners for building fVejlminfer Bridge to Vi den rive Si rector Avenue leading from Street

to the Raliage in Spring Garden, near James's

Park.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Air. Chariton took the Chair of the Committee.-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Yot. 27.

Mali. 915

M x. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by-flic Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Charles Townfield reported to the House, That Militia, he having, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire aConference upon the Subject Matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Fart of Great Britain called.

England, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and dp-point the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to such of the said Amendments, as this House hath dtfagreed to, do manage the Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over:

And they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Tozvnjhend reported. That the Managers had been at the Conference, which was managed by the Duke of Bedford, on the Part of the Lords; and that they had delivered to the Lords the lleafons for disagreeing to such of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the said Bill, as this House hath disagreed to: And had left the Bill and Amendments with their Lordships.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bity whole House, upon the Bill for enabling his Majesty to jaife a certain Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they load gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order, made this Day, for the House to resolve improvement itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider g^"c^ur further of the Bill to enable the Commissioners for build- \yeftnmifter. ing Wefmiufier Bridge to widen the Street or Avenue leading from Cockspur Street to the Passage in Spring Garden, near Saint James's Park, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day, being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M r. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Buchanan's and of bet* Debt* to the Crown.

Jamaica

Affairs.

Improvement of Cockspur Street,

West mincer.

Ripply Bill; oinking Fund.

Supply Bill-

916

26° — 2j°

A. 1757,

Jovts, 26° die Mali;

Anno 30* Georgii II41 Regis, 1737.

upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for impowering the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs to release and discharge the Estate and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, Virginia Merchants, from a Debt due to H is Majesty, upon Payment, by the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against them, of the Remainder of a Sum of Money, certified by the Commissioners of the Customs to be due from the Estates of the said Bankrupts, was read the Third time.

Kefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for impowering the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs to releateand discharge the Estate and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton from a Debt due to His Majesty, upon Payment, by the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy against them, of a Sum of Money therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, £nd d‘. fire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Three Books, containing all the Jour* nils and Minutes of the Council and Assemblyof the Island of Jamaica, preceding the time that Sir Lynch

Knight was appointed Governor thereof, which were pre-fcnted to the House upon the 28th Day of last, from > the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, as Originals with them; and also the original Representation of the Board of Trade to his Majesty, dated the 15th of October 1754, relating to the Differences subsisting in the Island of Jamaica, which was presented to the House upon the 6th Day of April last; be returned to the Offices from whence they were brought.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the spreading of the Distcm-per now raging amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Partition between William Earl of Dartmouth and Frances Catherine Countess of Dartmouth, his Wife, and Sir William Maynard Baronet, of several Estates in the Counties of Bucks, Middlesex, Surrey, Suffolk, and Hertford, and in the City of London-, and for vesting and settling the intire Premises to the several Ui'es therein mentioned: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Post'ession of Goods or Money by false or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming in Public-Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices; with foine Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

DWterftpef

amongst

Cattle.

Ear) of DartmoOth’s Estate*.

Attaining Goode by Fraud.

Meeting; of

ComaiH&nMt. under

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Times for the First Meetings of Commifi-sioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts cenainJUb. of this Session of Parliament: And that Mr. Fellowes and Mr. Lyjler do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr, Charlton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners for building Bridge

to widen the Street or Avenue leading from Cockspur Street to the Passage in Spring Gardens, near Saint James's Park, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amend-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock. __________ -

Veneris, 270 die Maii;

Anno 30* Georgii II" Regis, 1757. Prayers.

ments were once read throughout; and then a Second A M ESS A G E from the Lords, by Mr. fVopleand time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put xV. Mr. Harris: thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, Mr. Speaker,

agreed to by the House. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon SuunpDutie* grafted. Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds, and upon

News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and up-A Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of on Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported Money out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain to foreign Parts; and for applying, from a certain Time,

Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the the Savings out of the Monies granted in this Session for Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors; the Pay of the Troops of Hanover-, for the Service of the and for raising the Sum of Three millions by Annuities Year 1757; was read a Second time. to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Money; and for making perpetual an Act made in the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti-of the whole House. tuled. An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time for filing Affida-ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole vits of the Execution of Contrafts of Clerks to Attor-House, upon the said Bill. nies and Solicitors, and also the Time for Payment of

the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indenture? and Con- Mr. Charlton, according to Order, reported from the tracts of Clerks and Apprentices; without any Amend-Committee of the whole Iloufe, to whom the Bill for ment: And also,

enabling his Majesty to raise a certain Sum of Money, for The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, to explain and amend an Act made in the 18th Year of

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the his present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent the Misbehaviour

Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets in London, West-

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- minster, and the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality;

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the and for other Purposes in this Act mentioned; without

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were ortce read any Amendment.

throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and And then the Messengers withdrew. j

*5 This

3o Geo. IL 27

Governors The House was moved. That aft Act made in the of 1 ith and 12th Year of the Reign of King Plantations. »jYirc^ intituled, An Act to punish Governors of Plantations in this Kingdom for Crimes by them committed in the Plantations, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the Debate of the House, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act made in the 1 ithand 12th Year of the Reign of King William the Third: And that Mr. Rose Fuller, Mr. Charles ‘Toivttjhend, and Mr. Bankes, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Meetings of Mr. Fcllozves presented to the House, according to ^s^ui fr00* Older, a Bill for enlarging the Times for the Firffc Meet-itfta'm Acts. *nSs of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament: And the feme was received; and read the Fit ft time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sup} ly Bill. An ingrossed Bill for enabling his Majesty to raise a !1 certain Sum ot Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein

mentioned, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enabiinghis Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Lies and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Air. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

a^oorument. Refolded, That tills House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevennight, the 6th Day ot June next.

Mali. . 9l7

And the said Amendments were, ti the Questj'oa severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House': And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Comm for building Westminster Bridge to widen the Street or Avenue leading from Cockspur Street to the Passage in Spring Garde*. near Saint James's Park.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Vic- Billeting tuallers and Innholders of the County and Town of Southampton, in behalf of themselves, and others in the like Situation, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table* might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Rrfolved, That an humble Address be presented to his.

Majesty, That he will begraciously plea fed to order, that a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be issued to the Victuallers and Innholders of the County and Town of Southampton, and other Victuallers and Innholders in the like Circumstances, in ( onftderation of the great Expences they have been put, to by (lie Hessian Troops haring been so long biiietrcd at their 1 Joules; and to allure his A That this

1/oufe will make good such Expence as shall be incurred-by his Majesty upon that Account.

Ordered, That the said Addrefe be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. liable and Air. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

Conference The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, die Painted Chamber, upon the Subject Matter of M‘UUa* the lad Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as isdefired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Air. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over: And they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Charles Toxvtifljend reported. That the Managers liad met the Lords at the Conference, which was managed, on the Part of the Lords by the Duke of

ford, who acquainted them, That the Lords, having taken into Consideration the Heatons given by the Commons, at their last Conference, for their disagreeing to several Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England, their Lordships do insist upon (eve-ral of the said Amendments; for which they gave their Heafons, which he reported to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confi-

i deration upon Tucjclay Seven night, the 7 th Day of June

\ next.

Improvement An ingTofled Bill to enable the Commissioners for of Cockspur building Hreji mi rift er Bridge to widen the Street or Avenue Street* leading from Cockspur Street to the Passage in Spring Gar-citrcnnfter. near James*s Parity was read the Third time.

v The Amendments following were severally proposed to

be made to the Bill; viz.

( ' Pr. 11. L. 20. After present/’ to insert %c Lord

5; L. 27. A/ter u said/’ to insert Lord

f L. 31. After said/’ to insert ° Lord

1 L. 3$. After laid/’ to insert Lord:"

>* Pr. 12. L. 3. After said/’ to insert Lord

L. 28. Alter44 said/’ to insert Lord

Vql. 27.

IV

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Attaining Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Goods An Act for the more effectual punishment of who shall attain, or attempt to attain, PoflliTIon of.

Goods or -Money by falle or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Gfor the ealy Redemption of Goods pawned; and for preventing Gaming. in Public Houses by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 31. Leave out "are," and insert and, in the same Line, after " Crime," insert "punishable " by Law with Death, Transportation, Pillory, or any " other infamous Punishment

Pr. 10. L. 13, After " fetisfaftory," insert Ac-.

" count

Pr. 16. L. 3. After "Proof," leave out * shall be,1* and insert " having been and, in the same Line, after " Oath," insert by One or more credible Witness or " Witnesses, or by producing a Duplicate of the Entry,

" directed to be given by this Act as aforesaid

L. 11, 12. Leave out " after the pawning or " pledging thereof

Pr. 18. L. 38, 39. After "Chattels," insert "Zb," and, in the said 39th Line, after " pawnedleave out " in case the same shall appear to have been pawned ,or " pledged within the said Space of Two Years then next " preceding, and not to have been absolutely fold, but " to continue redeemable as aforesaid

Pr. 19, L. 18. After "up," insert "or make Satis-

CC

faction for:"

L. 28. After deliver up," insert "‘or make Satisfaction for

Pr. co. L. 14. Leave out44 that/* and insert ¥4 then: Pr. 23. L. 40. Leave out Three/’and insert ~Six:"‘ Pr. 27. L. 2f. After ¥4 Act " inibrt or on behalf of

the Person accused

Pr. 28. L. 24, 25. Leave out ¥4 House of Correction.

44 or some other

L. 31*32- Leave out 144 and be kept

Labour:" . - ,

Pr. 29. L. 5, 6. Leave out44 against any such

« or Offenders

11 A

to hard

Offender

I*. I®.

1

Goosld.

Supply Bill Sinking Fund,

Laws

respecting

Highways.

Lyme Regis

Writ.

918 17 Maii. — 6° yunii. . 1757.

L. to Leave out from " mentioned" to " and, " in the 23d Lineof the same Press:"

Pr. 31. L. 12. After And," insert " the said

Pr. 32. L. 34. Leave out<l be," and insert " been."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. George Onslow do carry the Bill to the L ords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Monies, remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Savings out of the Monies granted in this Session for the Pay of the Troops of Hanover; for the Service of the Year 1757;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

The House was moved, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Claud Johnson, of London, Merchant, was referred, might

be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Relief of the said Claud Johnson, in respect to a Bond executed by him in the Year 1751, for Payment of certain Duties upon Tobacco, on the behalf of George Buchanan and William Hamilton.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charlton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charlton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Sevennight, the Sixth Day of June next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 6th Day of June next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Lunee, 6* dJunti;

Anno 30* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

AMESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorjcti in the room of Francis Fane Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Charlton according to Order, reported from the 20

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Supply: granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Savings out of the Monies granted in this Session for the Pay of the Troops of Hanover; for the Service of the Year 1757; was committed, the Amendments which the Coni' mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read thi Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of Wednesday the 25 th Day of May last, That Address his Majesty would begraciously pleased to giveDirections, for Acrount That the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House the next Session of Parliament, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he would give Directions accordingly.

The Lord Bateman reported to the House, That their Billeting Addressof Friday the 27th Day of May last, That his °B

Majesty would be gracioufty pleased to order. That a ° "*' Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, be issued to the Victuallers and Innholders of the County and Town of Southampton, and other Victuallers and Innholders in the like Circumstances, in Consideration of the great Expences they have been put to by the Hessian Troops having been so long billeted at their Houses; and toafiurehis Majesty, That this House will make good such Expences as shall be incurred by his Majesty upon that Account; had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he would give Directions as desired by the said Address.

A Bill for enlarging the Times for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, way read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fellowes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Felloives reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Fellowes accordingly reported frdm the said Committee, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Meetings of Com mi loners under certain Act.

Supply TVlf;

i'ir' K r; Fui^i.

Meetings of

Con'milHon-

ers linger cc.tiin Acte.

*f:Ifora

Haven.

lUultia.

30 Geo. II. 7

Martis, 7* die Junii;

Anno 30° Georgii II111 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty certain 1 JL So ms of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, and the Savings out of the Monies granted in t'".r Session for the Pay of the Troops of Hanover-, for tie Service of the Year 1757; was read the Third time.

befb/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Mi :.t y out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, and the Savings out of the Monies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Pay of the Troops of Hanover; for the Service of the Year 1757; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Re-]*ef of Claud Johnson, with respect to a Bond entered into

by him for securing the Duties on Tobacco imported by George Buchanan and William Hamilton.

Ordered, That Mr. Charlton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the 'Times for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, was read the T! ird time.

Resolved.That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Times for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellouesdo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Charles ijhend reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, in behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, was referred, 'I Lat the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad contained in the said Petition; and had cl ire died him to report a State thereof to the Uoul’e; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table. ’

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Coofjderation upon I'hurjJayMorning next.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report made of tire Conference with the Lords upon Friday the 27th Day of Maylaft; and the Reasons given by the Lords for inlisting upon several of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the fevvral Counties of that Part of Great Britain called Env-

u

land, to which this House had difigreed, were read; and are as followeth; viz.

The Lords agree to the Amendments made by the Commons to Clause B, added by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England.

The Lords infill on their Amendment made to the said Bill, in Press 8. Line 13. which is, to leave out the Word " Four," and insert " Two," to which the Commons di I agree:

Because it appears to the Lords, That as the Number of Men is reduced One Half fom the original Plan, which the Commons do agree to, it kcms luperfluous to demand more Serjeants from his Majesty’s other Forces than will be luificient to discipline the Number of Militia Forces allotted by this Bill, which, as they are reduced to One Half of their former Number, will consequently not require above Half the Number of Serjeants, who will be able to instruct others in the Duty of Serjeants; and

VOL. 27.

i>rJ?

thereby obviate the Objection made by the Commons, of the not leaving a Latitude of forming Companies of more than Forty Men; and the Lords do farther consider, that the reducing the Number of Serjeants, by One Half, to be taken out of his Majesty’s other Forces, will greatly obviate any Objection of weakening the Army.

The Lords do not insist on their 2d Amendment, in Press 10. Line 7. which is, to leave out from " the" to " County," in the 11 th Line of the same Press, to which the Commons disagree.

The Lords agree to the Amendment made by the Commons to their Lordships Amendment, in Press 10. Line 12.

The Lords do also agree to the Amendment made by the Commons to their Lordships Amendment in Press 11. Line 34.

The Lords insist on their Amendment made to the said Bill, in Press 14. Lines 21 and 22, which is, to leave out " One of them, together with any Three Commissioners " of the Land Taxand, instead thereof, to insert " Three or more Deputy Lieutenants, or in case Three " Deputy Lieutenants shall not meet, then any Two " Deputy Lieutenants, together with any One Justice " of the Peace for such County, Riding, or Place; or " any One Deputy Lieutenant, together with any Two " such Justices of the Peace to which the Commons disagree:

Because the Lords conceive, that such Acts of Magi-stracy should not be vested by Act of Parliament in any Set of Men, this being the executive Part of Government, and undoubtedly, by the Constitution, a peculiar and natural Right of the Crown, which thisPradice has doubtless intrenched upon; and the Lords cannot agree on this Occasion to countenance another Precedent of that Sort; Neither do the Lords admit the Reasoning used by the Commons, that the Justices of the Peace, by reason of the Paucity of their Number, will not be able to carry, in Conjunction with the Deputy Lieutenants, this Bill into Execution, as the additional Trouble occasioned by this Bill to those Magistrates will not be great, nor more than what is laid in almost every Session of Parliament, by new Acts, upon them; the Lords do therefore hope the Commons will not, upon this Expofi-tion of their Reasons, any longer disagree to this Amendment, which their Lordships think it incumbent on them to adhere to.

The Lords do also insist on the Seven Amendments immediately following, made by their Lordships to the said Bill, to which the Commons disagree, for the same Reasons for which their Lordships insist on their laid Amendment, Press 14. Lines 21 and 22.

The Lords do likewise insist on their Amendment in Press 18. Lines 39 and 40, and the Four following Amendments, to which the Commons disagree, for the same Reasons for which their Lordships insist on their Amendment, Press 14. Lines 21 and 22.

The Lords do insist on Clause C, added by their Lordships to the said Bill, to which the Commons disagree:

Because the Lords think there cannot be a more proper Encouragement to those who are to bear the Burthen of the military Service directed by this Bill, than the Liberty given them by it to set up and exercise any Trade they are apt and able for, in the manner set forth in the said Clause, which the Lords esteem a full and adequate Compensation; and though the Commons object to the thus incidentally repealing the Act of Elizabeth, in a Bill which undoubtedly cannot justly be deemed one ot Police or Commerce, yet they think themselves well founded in this Amendment, as well on account of the Keasonable-ness of the Objcd proposed, as on the Precedent of what has been enacted by a former Parliament.

The Lords insist on their Amendment in Press 21, Lines 27, 28, and 29, and the Two following Amendments, to which the Commons disagree, for the same Reasons for which their Lordships infill on their Amendment, Preis 14. Lines 21 and 22.

Tie

Militia.

910

70 — 8° Junii. A. 1757,

The Lords insist on their Two Amendments, in Press az, Line 21, and Press 22, Lines 27 and 28, to which the Commons disagree, for the same Reasons for which their Lordships infill on their Amendment, Press 14, Lines 21 and 22.

The Lords agree to the Amendment made by the Commons to their Lordships Amendment in Press 23, Lines 7 and 8.

The Lords do not insist on the Two Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, in Press 23, Lines 15 and 16, to which the Commons disagree.

The Lords insist on their Two Amendments in Prels 24, Lines 24 and 25, and Press 24, Lines 31, 32, and 33, to which the Commons disagree, for the same Reasons for which their Lordships insist on their Amendment, Press 14, Lines 21 and 22.

The Lords do not insist on the Two Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, in Press 25, Line 12, and Press 25, Line 13, to which the Commons disagree.

The Lords insist on their Amendment in Press 43, Lines 15, 16, and 17, to which the Commons disagree, for the same Reasons for which their Lordships insist on their Amendment, Press 14, Lines 2i and 22.

The Lords insist on their Amendment in Press 45, Lines 18,19, 20, and 21, to which the Commons disagree, for the same Reasons for which their Lordships insist on their Amendment, Press 14, Lines 21 and 22.

The Lords insist on their Amendment in Press 47, Lines 34, 35, and 36, to which the Commons difagiee, for the same Reasons for which their Lordships insist on their Amendment, Press 14, Lines 21 and, 22.

The Lord* insist on their Two Amendments in Press 5», Lines 29, 30, and 31, and Press 51, Lines 34, 35, and 36, to which the Commons disagree, for the same Reasons for which their Lordships insist on their Amendment, Prels 14, Lines 21 and 22.

The Lords insist on their Amendment in Prels 52, Lines 26, 27, and 28, to which the Commons disagree, for the same Reasons for which their Lordships insist on their Amendment, Press 14, Lines 21 and 22.

The Lords do not insist on their Amendment made by their Lordships to the said Bill, in Press 54, Line 11, which is, to leave out from " heretofore" to " Provided " always," in the 37th Line of the next Press, and insert Clause D, to which the Commons disagree.

The First of the said Amendments, infilled on by the Lords, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, before the Word " Two," the Words " according to the Proportion of One Serjeant to Twenty private Men:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting, after the Word " Two," the Words " or more And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, lo amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time; And the Question being put. That this House doth insist upon their Disagreement to the said Amendment; It palfed in the Negative.

The Twelve following Amendments being severally read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put, That this House doth insist upon their Disagreement to the said Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment, being Clause C, was read a Second time, and poltponed.

The Residue of the Amendments being severally read a Second time;

And the Question being severally put. That this House *5

doth insist upon their Disagreement to the said Amendments;

It passed in the Negative.

The postponed Amendment being again read;

The House was moved, That an Act made in the 22d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty’s Service since his Accession to the Throne, to exerciseTrades, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words " Three " Years: "

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting, after the W’ord " Militia." the Words " when called out and assembled in case of " actual Invasion, or upon imminent Danger thereof, " or in case of Rebellion:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting, after the Word " Regulations," the Words " and with the like Exception in " respect to the Two Universities ot that Part ot

" Britain called England: "

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, w'as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord George do go to the

Lords, and desire the said Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die yunii;

Anno 30° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

THE Lord George Sackville reported to the House, Militia.

That he having, according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject Matter of the last Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over:

And they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Townshend reported, That the Managers had been at the said Conference, and had left the Bill and Amendments with their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Ditto.* this House, to the Amendments made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Smugglers, to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running, of prohibited, un-customed, or other Goods or Merchandize, upon certain

Terms

5«(

M

sch

CM'

AJ-

c

1

30 Geo. II. 8° — 90 Junii. pu-

Buchanan’s and others Debts to the Crown.

Adjournment.

Cambridge

Writ.

Milford

Haven.

Terms therein mentioned, without any Amendment f

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs to releale and discharge the Estate and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton from a Debt due to his Majesty, upon Payment, by the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy against them, of a Sum of Money therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House do now adjourn till Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } JJ|; } "

Mr. , 1

Tellers for the Noes, Mr. > 57.

of . J

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock;

Jovis, 9* die Junii;

Anno 30* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1737. Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant ''to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Cambridge, in the room of the honourable Edward Finch Esquire, who, since his Election for the said University, hath excepted the Office of Mailer of his Majesty’s Robes.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, in behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, was referred.

And the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Barrington Esquire informed your Committee, That he had lived many Years in Devand had frequently heard of Ships being taken in or near the Channel: That, during the lall War, a Month never passed without Accounts of Ships being taken, which he apprehends would have been in a great measure, if not totally, prevented, had the Haven at Milford been used as one of his Majesty’s Harbours, and a Place of Rendezvous for Ships of War.

Mr. John Hutchinson, an Insurance Broker, produced

to your Committee an Account of Ships taken during the present War (extracted from the Books kept at Lloyd's Coflee-house) by which it appeared, that 198 had been taken in Latitude 49 Degrees, or to the Northward of it.

Captain Fairy, who has commanded a Ship 20 Years in different Branches of Trade, informed your Committee, That Cruizers and Merchant Ships are frequently detained in the British Channel by North Well and Well Winds, and that they cannot clear this Channel with the Wind at South: That Milford I laven is more conveniently situated for lending out Cruizers than any other Harbour: That Ships may go into it with Winds that will not carry them into the British Channel: That it is the fined Harbour in

England, and the whole royal Navy and Trade of Great Britain may ride there at cne time with Safety.

Captain Lyon, who has commanded Ships in the Coading and Irish Trade for 15 Years, said, That he is well acquainted with Milford Haven: That it is a safe VOL. ij.

Harbour, and convenient for the Reception of Ships from the West Indies, when they cannot get into the Channel: That if they are detained by Eaderly Winds-at the Chops of that Channel, they may go into Milford when they cannot get into any other Port in Great Britain: That frequently in Winter Time, when they a e.' notable to make an Observafion, they fail to the Northward of Solly, and get into Bristol Channel, and are in great Danger before they are sensible of their Midakej and are then obliged to put for Milford Haven, as that is the most proper Place for Shelter:

That a Ship may go out of this Harbour with any Wind that will carry Ships out of the British Channel,' and with some that will not: That in moderate Weather a Ship may get into, or out of, this Harbour, by the Strength of the Tide, with the Wind full against her: That one Tide will fling her out of the Harbour, and then Ihe may proceed on her Voyage either through St. George's Channel, or the open Sea, according as the Wind shall happen to be to the North or South of the Wed:

That Ships may go from Brest and Rochfort with Winds that will not carry Ships out of the British Chan--nel; but that Ships may go from Milford with any Winds that will carry Ships from those Ports, and with fume that will not; and that if the Fleet now under the Command of Admiral Holbortie had been at Milford, they might have failed with a N. W. Wind, which detained them at Spithead.

Being aiked, Whether Ships making {oxMilfordHaven-could keep a Reckoning? he said, They may, provided, they know the Tides: That he had lain Eleven Days together about the Islands, and the Chops of the Channel,* under reefed Courses, and never was at a Loss about his Reckoning.

And being asked, How far from the Harbour’s Mouth the Currents would have any Effect on Vessels? — He said, Several Leagues} but that, properly speaking, they are not Currents, but Tides which run regularly Six Hours one Way and Six Hours the other.

This was confirmed by Captain Vyner, Matter of a Ship for 20 Years, mostly in the Coatting Trade, who also confirmed the Evidence given by Captain and Captain Farry, as to the Capacioufness and Safety of the Harbour, and the Facility with which Ships may go in and out; and also that Part of Captain Lyons Evidence which relates to the failing of Ships from Brest,

and the British Channel.

And Captain Vyner also informed your Committee, That a convenient Dock Yard may be made at Milford Haven, as it abounds with Rivulets and Creeks, which will save Expence in digging: That Conveniences may be made for building 1,000 Ships at one time; and that thelargest Ships might be docked there, without waiting for a Spring Tide, as the Water riles 24 or 25 Feet on a Neap Tide, and 35 or 36 Feet on a Spring Tide; and this Part of his Evidence was confirmed by Captain Farry.

Mr. Gardner, who deals in Timber, and lives at cester, said. That he is well acquainted with the Rivers Severn, Wye, and Avon: That great Quantities of Oak grow near thcle Rivers, which is deemed the bed Timber in England: That Shropshire Oak in particular is much esteemed, and bought by Contractors, and others, for Ship-building: That the Forest of Dean adjoins to the River Severn, and great Quantities of Timber are carried by his Majesty’s Hoys from Gatcomb to Plymouth, for the Use of the royal Navy: That thele Vessels pass by Milford in their Way, and are frequently obliged to wait for Convoys to go round the Land's End; but that open Trows would be able to carry this Timber to Milford at much less Expence, and with greater Expedition:

That the Freight of a Load of Timber from the Forest of Dean to Plymouth is about 4c s. but the Evidence would be glad to contract to carry it to Milford for 20; and that there is now a large Quant ity of Timber to be sold at Neath in Swancey, and also in several other Parts . of W cUswhjch lie still nearer to Milford.

11 B Lieutenant

4

Milford

Haven.

922

Lieutenant Colonel TVatfon produced to your Committee a Survey of the Haven, taken by him in the Year 1756; and said, that it is so excellent and commodious a Harbour for Trade and Navigation, that Vessels are in and out in an Hour’s Time into the open Seas, and in a fair Way betwixt Lanets End and Ireland, and are, in 8 or 10 Hours after leaving Milford, round the Land's End into the English Channel, or upon the Irish Coast: That

they can likewise get much looner to the Westward from' this Harbour than from any Port in the Channel,

such as Plymouth, Foy, Falmouth, &c. and that the Haven comprehends the whole Space betwixt the Harbour’s Mouth and Haverfordwest, which is about 23 Miles, and

navigable to that Town:

That SpringTides rife in this Harbour betwixt 30 and 34 Feet, and Neap Tides between 20 and 24; and the Bottom being soft deep Ouze, Ships may be safely laid ashore in ally Place:

That the Entrance into the Haven betwixt Block-house on the East, and Dale Block-house on the West, is One Mile and an Half over, with deep Water almost close to the Cliff*, which generally rife about 130 Feet above the Level of the Water:

That Huhberjlon Road on the North Side is the largest

2nd belt Anchoring Place in the whole Harbour, where Vessels of any Burthen may ride fafein Water from 3 to 12 Fathom deep, free from every Accident of Weather, unlei's it blows hard at W.N. W. which, coming over the harrow Neck of Land West of Dale, blows up the Reach to Peterchurch, and occasions a great Swell:

That in the Mouth of NailandPill, on the North Side, Vessels anchor in 9 or 10 Fathom Water, or lie dry within the PHI at Ebb Tide:

That Nature seems to have formed this Haven for the particular Benefit and Advantage of that Part of the Island lying on the North-West Side of the which

abounds with so many Rivers, which are navigable into the Rrjfo/Channel: That nothing would more effectually contribute to the general Improvement of the Country, than the establishing a Port in a commodious Part of the Haven, which mult soon raise a Spirit of Industry, and produce the usual good Effects which attend Commerce; and that nothing can be of more Consequence than this Harbour to the Trade of Great Britain and Ireland; but that, unless some Forts and Batteries are erected, there can be no Security to the great Number of Vessels continually obliged to put into this Haven, either from StrefV of Weather, or to wait for a fair Wind; which Number of Shipping will be greatly increased in Time of War; and, without something is done, may be destroyed: That too Ships were there, when he made his Survey, which might have been burnt by a Privateer of Six Guns:

And being examined as to the proper Method of fortifying this Harbour, he delivered to your Committee the following Proposals; viz.

Proposals for protecting Huhberston Road and Nailand Pill, in Milford Haven.

First Method.

If thought proper to erect Batteries for the Protection of the Trade that continually resort to this Harbour, the most proper Situations for that Purpose appear to be Great Cajlk, or Bickton Point, and Thorn island, near IVift

Handle Point.

Bickton Point is a narrow Neck of Land fronting the Entrance; the Cliffs round this Point rife irregularly, and are from 4.0 to 80 Feet above the Level of the Water: Thorn Island is about 200 Feet long, and 150 Feet broad; the Cliffs on the West Side rife about 100 Feet above the Level of the Water, and Hope to the East, where they are about 40 Feet. This Istand is separated from IVft Nangle Point by a narrow Channel, about 400 Feet broad.

If the above Istand was cut to a proper Height, it is the most convenient Ground to assist a Battery on Bickton Point, and command the Entrance of the Harbour; but if it should bethought too expensive to make use of Thorn

1757-'

Island, it would be necessary to erect a Battery on the most convenient Part of West Nangle Point.

Second Method.

Within the above-mentioned Points is a high Rock, called the Stack. This Rock is 60 Feet long, and 30 Feet broad at Top, and rises about 50 Feet above high Water Mark. The Stone seems to be of a red Tandy Nature, and flopes in shelving Beds towards the South.

Close to the East and West Ends of the Stack runs Two narrow Ledges of Rock, which are mostly covered at high Water. The East Ledge projects about 250 Feet, and the West Ledge 150 Feet, from the Stack. The Whole forms at low Water a Sort of Island, about 450 Feet long, and 200 broad.

In order to bring the whole Area of this Rock upon an equal Level, the Stack to be put down to 20 Feet above high Water Mark, and the Rubble Stone to be employed, as far as it will go, in raising the projecting Points to the feme Level with the Rock, which would afford sufficient Area for proper Batteries, and necessary Cover.

The Di fiance from the Sta to the South Shore is 1,366 Yards, where it would be necessary to erect a Batter)' opposite to the Stack Rock; which Two Batteries would be a very good Security to lload.

But as the preparing Thorn island, or Stack Rock, to receive proper Batteries, will be not only expensive, but attended with several Inconveniences (such as continually supplying the Garrisons with Provisions and Water, and the Accidents they nuift be exposed to in blowing Weather from the Spray of the Sea); and as the Scheme of a Hulk or floating Battery would likewise be not only very expensive, but subject to Variety of Accidents, I imagine the frugaleft Method would be to erect a Battery on PVeft Nangle Point, and another opposite to it on Bickton Point, of 16 Guns each, and Cover for 150 Men, in each Place, without attempting any thing on the Islands, or having a Hulk.

Ifproposed to establish aPort at the Mouth Pill, no Part of the Haven can be more convenient for that Purpose. This Port would be very easily and effectually secured by Two Batteries, one on Peterchurch Point, the other on the West Part of Nailand Point, each of Six Guns, and Cover for 50 Men at each.

This is only meant as a Protection and Security to Nailand Pill, because any Vessels that are forced into Milford by Stress of Weather or contrary Winds, can have no better anchoring Ground than Hubberston Road; above which Road no Ship waiting, for a Wind would chuse to go.

And being examined as to the Expence of each Pro-pofel, he said. That Two Batteries, and Cover for 30 Men at each, may be built at Nailand Pill, for about z or ^.3000, if Labour and Materials are cheap:

That the erecting Two Batteries, of 16 Guns each, one at West Nangle Point, and the other at Bickton Point, and Cover for 150 Men at each, would ’ cost about £.16,000: That the Guns should not be Jess than Twenty-four-Pounders; and he thought f UefeTwo Batteries would be sufficient for defending the Ships in the Harbour:

That the cutting down and fortifying Thorn island would be very expensive, and may cost £.20,000, before the Works are begun to be ere died.

Vice Admiral Knowles and Colonel PVatfon informed your Committee, That as the said Works cannot be completed in less than Two Years, it will be proper to station a Hulk of 40 Guns near the Stack island, for the Defence of the Harbour, until the Works are finished.

Mr. Whitaker, being examined, said. That he has been concerned in Buildings in this Haven: That the Price of Labour, as well as Materials, is very low: That there are Two Sorts of Lime there; viz. the Aberdaw, which will cement under Water, and the common Sort, which are both very reasonable; and that Stone is very plentiful, there being Quarries all over the Haven.

9" Junii.

Brit! Hi

Kll.eiy.

Supply B H; linking fcund.

Meetings of Commission-rrs under errtain Aifts.

Improvement of Cocldpur St reel, Westminster.

30 Geo. II. p" — 10° — 13® — 16° — 3 10 Junii. 923

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to his Majesty, humbly to represent to his Majesty, That many great Losses have been sustained by the Trade of this Kingdom, in Time of War, from the Want of a safe Harbour on the Western Coast of this Island, for the Reception and Protection of Mer-chantShips, and for the fending out of Cruizers; That the Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, is most advantageously (ituafed, and, if properly defended and secured, in every respect adapted to the answering of those important Purposes; and humbly tobelecch his Majesty, That he will be gracioufty pleased to give immediate Directions lor eroding Batteries, with proper Cover, on the Sides of the said Harbour, in the most convenient Places, for guarding the Entrance into that Part of the Harbour called UubberjlonRo.id; and also such other

Fortifications as may be necessary to secure the interior Parts of the Harbour; and (hat, until such Batteries and Fortifications shall be c mpleted, some temporary Defence may be provided for the immediate Protection of the Ships and Vessels lying in the fiiid Harbour; and to allure his Majesty, tint this House will make good to his Majesty all such Expences as shall be incurred for the Purposes before mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty’s moil h or.ourab’e Privy Council.

Luna, i$° die Junii;

Anno 30* Georgii II'" Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

THE Lord Bateman reported to the House, That Milford their Address of Ehurfday last, relating to the fortifying of the Port and Harbour of Milford, in the County of Pembroke, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Ordered, That the Examinations and Papers, referred Jamaica to in the Address and Representation of the Assembly of Affairs. Jamaica, to his Majesty, of the 13th of November 1756, as taken before a Committee of Grievances in in or about October 1756, transmitted with the said Act-

dress and Representation, under the Seal of the Island of Jamaica, which were presented to the House upon the 1 ft Day of March last, be returned to the Office from whence they were brought.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hoford and Mr. Harris:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing a further Bounty on Vessels employed in the White Herring F.lhery; for giving Liberty to alter the present Form and Size of the Ncts uled in the said Fishery; and far other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

T

Jovis,. 16° die Junii

Anno 30° Georgii II" Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

H E House met.

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, took the Member Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and takes Oaths, took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday.

Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, I o° Junii;

Anno 30° Georgii II" Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

AM E S SAG E from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and

Mr. Burrow:I 'is:

o

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, and the Savings out of the Monies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Pay of the Troops of Hanover; for the Service of the Year 1757; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Claud Johnson, with respect to a Bond entered into by him for l’ecuring the Duties on Tobacco imported by George Buchanan and William Hamilton, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the P>ill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Times for the first Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Aits of this Session of Parliament, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Commissioners for building Bridge to widen the Street or Avenue leading from Cockspur Street to the Passage in Spring Garden, near Saint James's Park, w ithout any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

VOL. 27.

Martis, 21* die Junii;

Anno 30* Georgii II41 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, frortl Account*;

the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the gross Charge and net Produce of Duties on the Duty on Rice imported into that Part of Great Britain Rice,

called Scotland, for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year; and also the Amount of the Drawback of the Duty upon Re-exportation of the fame: And also.

An Account of the Duty upon raw Hides imported Hide*, into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Ireland, for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year*.

And also.

An Account of the Duties on Tallow imported into Tallow, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Ireland, for Seven Years last past; distinguishing each Year,

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

CWere</, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Enlacing enlarging the Times limited for executing and perform- Time* for ing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain cxecv?l'nS Aits of this Session of Parliament: And that Mr. cemm

Grenville,

9*4

Grenville and Sir Richard Lloyd do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Enlarging Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to «ecutin°r Order, a Bill for enlarging the Times limited for execut-certain Asti. ing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second time. The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time. Resolved, That $he Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till ‘Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 23";

Anno 3 1" Georgii IIdl Regis, 1757. Prayers.

Ditto. rT'HE Order of the Day being read;

Jl The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging the Times limited for executing and-performing several Provisions, Powers and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That ‘ they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table :-Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

DJjf0i An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, artel Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 28* d j

Anno 31° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1757.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs,

and Mr. Edzvards:

Mr. Speaker,

,0 The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for enlarging the Times limited for executing and per-

id

A. 1757,

forming several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Kingslo-i the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for upon Hull the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Kingston upon in the room of Richard Crotvle Esquire, deceased.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Deputy Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Royal Assent Commission, for declaring his royal Assent to several Acts to Bills, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers:

Where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the royal Assent to several public and private Bills therein mentioned; and also im-poweringhis royal Highnef. the Duke of Cumberland, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Arch-bishop of Canterbury, the Duke of Dorset, and the Lord Sandys, named in the said Commission; did accordingly declare and notify the royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Indentures, Leases, Bonds, and other Deeds; and upon News Papers, Advertisements, and Almanacks; and upon Licences for retailing Wine; and upon Coals exported to foreign Parts; and for applying from a certain Time, the Sums of Money arising from the Surplus of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors; and for raising the Suni of Three millions by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money; and for making perpetual an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; and for enlarging the Time for filing Affidavits of the Execution of Contrafts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and also the Time for Payment of the Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices:

An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of One million, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the Sinking Fund; and applying certain Monies remaining in the Exchequer, and the Savings out of the Monies granted in this Session of Parliament for the Pay of the Troops of Hanover-, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-seven; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for Relief of Claud Johnson, with respect to a Bond entered into by him for securing the Duties on Tobacco imported by George Buchanan and William Hamilton:

An Act for allowing a further Bounty on Vessels employed in the White Herring Fisherv; for giving Liberty to alter the present Form and Size of the Nets uied in the said Fishery; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the better ordering of the Militia Forces in the several Counties of that Part of Great Britain called England:

An Act for the Relief and Encouragement of the Captors-of-Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing Prize Goods in this Kingdom:

-'An

31 Geo. II. IS0 Juuii. 925

An Act more effectually td prevent the ^reading of the Distemper now raging amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom:

An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Improvement of the Spawn and Fry of Fish in the River of Thames and Waters of Medway; and for the better regulating the Fishery thereof:

An Act for the more effectull Punishment of Persons who shall attain, or attempt to attain, Pofle (lion of Goods or Money by falls or untrue Pretences; for preventing the unlawful Pawning of Goods; for the easy Redemption of Goods pawned j and for preventing Gaming in Public Houses, by Journeymen, Labourers, Servants, and Apprentices:

' An Act to render more effectual the several Laws now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways and Turnpike Roads of this Kingdom:

- An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, to prevent the Misbehvaiour of the Drivers of Carts in the Streets of London, Westminster, and the Limits of the

Weekly Bills of Mortality; and for other Purposes in this Act mentioned:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have been guilty of the unlawful importing, landing, or running, of prohibited, uncustomed, or other Goods or Merchandize, upon certain Terms therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Commissioners for building IV(fiminster Bridge to widen the Street or Avenue leading from Cockj'pHy Street to the Passage in Spring Garden, near Saint James's Park:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the

laid Parish, not interfering with the high Street in the said Borough:

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands lying in the South Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, commonly called Bedford between Brandon

River and Sams's Cut Drain j and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conlervators of the said Great Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands: An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in thefeveral Parishes of Ramsey, Bury, ITiflow, War boys. Fare tilt, Standground, and Wat er Newton, in the County of Huntingdon, and of Dodington, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Ca

An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, low Grounds, and Commons, in the Townshipsor Hamlets of March and Wimblington, and in the Parish of Up-well, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge:

An Act for draining and preserving certain Marsh and Fen Lands, and low Grounds, in the Parish of Wiggen-ha/l Saint Mary Magdalen, in the county of :

An Act for building a Bridge or Bridges cross the River of Thames, from a certain Place in Old Brentford, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, known by the Name of Smith or Smith's Hill, to the of-pofite Shore, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for cleansing, paving, and lightening, the Streets of the City of Bath, and Liberties thereof, and for regulating the Chairmen; and also for the keeping a sufficient and well-regulated Watch in the Night-time in the said City and Liberties; and to oblige all Owners of Houses, and other Buildings, within the said City and Liberties, to bring down the Water from the Hoofs of their Houses, and other Buildings, by proper Pipes down the Sides of Walls of such Houses and Buildings; and also to oblige all Coal Carriages to pals by the Borough Walls of the said City, during the Night Season:

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Vcl. 27.

present Majesty* for repairing and enlarging the High- Royal a font ways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill and the City of to BlU* Bath, and for amending several other Highways therein mentioned, leading to the said City; and also for repair, ing several other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads from the Town of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Bridge, in the County of Flint; and from the Town of Mold to Holy-

well, and Rhuddlan, in the same County, and from thence

to the Ferry House opposite to the Town of , irr

the County of Carnarvon; and from Ruthin to the said Town of Mold:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading , from Spalding High Btidge, through Littlermrth, and by Frognall, and over Janies Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Maxey Ontgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining to the high Road there:

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from a Gate called Poole Gate, in the Town and County of Poole:

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, of the First: and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evefkam, in the County of Worcester; 4nd for explaining and making more effectual the said Acts; and also for amending, widening, and keep-in Repair, several other Roads in the Counties of cefier, War wick, and Gloucester:

An Act for enlarging the Times for the First Meetings of Commissioners or Trustees for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament:

An Act for enlarging the Times limited for executing and performing several Provisions, Powers, and Directions, in certain Acts of this Session of Parliament:

An Act for confirming a Partition between William Earl of Dartmouth, and Frances Katherine Countess of Dartmouth, his Wife, and Sir William Maynard Baronet, of several Estates in the Counties of Bucks,

Surrey, Suffolk, and Hertford, and in the City of London-, and for veiling and settling the intire Premises to the several Uses therein mentioned:

An Act to impower Elizabeth the Wife of Henry Thomas Cwr Esquire, a Lunatic, to make an Appointment of a Sum of Three thousand Pounds towards the Payment of the said Lunatic’s Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of William Thomson Esquire, in the County of Berks, to raise Money towards discharging several Mortgage Debts and Incumbrances affecting other Parts of his settled Estates in the same County:

An Act for impowering the Receiver General of his Majesty’s Customs to release and discharge the Estate and Effects of George Buchanan and William Hamilton, from a Debt due to his Majesty, upon Payment, by the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy against them, of a Sum of Money therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Samuel Jackson Esquire, now called Samuel Dodington, and his Heirs Male, to take and use,

in Exchange for his and their own Surname and Arms, the Surname and Arms of Dodington, pursu mt to the Will of George Dodington Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable fames Nezvfam Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Craggs.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

p 2 6

l6 — 4" Juki.

A.

17 571

WindfoT

Writ.

Xilftnniet Ac. Writ,

Veneris y l* die Juii j Anno 31* Georgii II4’ Regis, 17571 PraYebs.

QRDEREb, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New lVindfor,\n the County of Berks, in the room of the right honourable Henry Fox

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough* hath accepted the Office of Paymaster General of his Majesty’s Land Forces.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown* to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Didrift of Burghs of Anflru-

ther Easter, Anflruther Wester, and in the

room of Sir Henry Erskine Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Dittrift of Burghs* hath accepted the Office of Keeper of his Majesty‘s private Roads, Gates, and Bridges, and Conductor or Guide of his royal Person in all the royal Progrefies.

Woodstock

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ilfde his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Wood flock, in the County Of Oxford, in the room of the right honourable John Lord Viscount Bateman in the kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough* hath accepted the Office of Mailer Of his Majesty’s Buck Hounds.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cockehnouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wr,t*

the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, in the room of the right honourable Percy Earl of Thomond in the kingdom of Ireland, who, since

his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty’s Houshold.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

L,unce» 40 Julii;

Anno 31* Georgii IP' Regis, 1757.

Bath Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to lerve in this present Parlia- Praters.

ment for the City of Bath, in the County of Somerjef, in *DnfDpn tl o 1 l- w

the room of Sir Robert Henley Knight, now Lord Keeper 0^ ^Peaker l^ue ^IS a^ant

of the Great Seal of Great Britain Y1° L make °ut a nrcw nt

for the Electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Par-

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do itTue his Warrant to l,am1cnt for the Borough of , in the County of min, the Clerk of the Crown, >o make out a new Writ, for *£f of «?»« Duekell Esquire, who, since his

the Electing of a Burgess to tree in this present Parlia- 1 (?! '(hf fa,d hatl‘ Jc?P'ed ,he °ffi.ce

ment for (he Borough of OMampm, in the County of of S'e'yard -of l,s MajestS' 1 Man°r of ,n the

Devon, in the room of the right honourable William Pitt 'oun ° urrey-

Caine Writ.

OakhamptoB

Writ.

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of his Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ayldboiy Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Thomas Potter Esquire, who, since his

Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office , D , - ,

of Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General Ltd Paymaster Gentleman

General, of all his Majesty’s Revenues in the Kingdom — -r- Pea er>

of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of D in the County of Wilts, in the room of James Hayes Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of his Majesty’s Manor of Old Shoreham, in the County of Sussex.

A Message from his Majesty, by the honourable Sir

Ulher of the Black Rod:

Down tot Writ.

Message

to intend the

King.

Orford

Writ.

Winchelfe*

Writ.

Orf'trd

Writ.

The King commands this honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty: Where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

After lb long and diligent an Attendance upon the public Business, it is time that I should give you some Recess; but 1 cannot put an End to this Session, without expressing my intire Satisfaction in the many Proofs I have received of your Zeal and Aflvftion for my Person the Electing ofa Baron to serve in this present Parliament and Government, and of your unfeigned Concern for for the Town and Port of Winchelsea, in the County of my Honour and real Support.

~ - The Succour and Preservation of my Dominions in

America have been my conllant Care; and, next to the Security of my Kingdoms, they shall continue to be my great and principal Object; and I have taken such Mea-lures as 1 trull, by the Blessing of God, may effectually disappoint the Designs of my Enemies in those Parts.

I'have had no other View but to vindicate the just Rights of my Crown and Subjects from the moll injurious Encroachments, to preserve Tranquillity, as far as

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of John Offley Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Grooms of his Majesty's Bed-chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for

The King’* Speech.

Sussex, in the room of Thomas Or by Hunter Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for ex: uting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgds to serve in this present Parliament

for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Sujfo/k,\nthe the Circumstances of Things might admit, and to pre-roon, of the right honourable Henry Bilson Legge Esquire, vent our true Friends, and the Liberties of Europe, from who, since his Election for the said Borough, hatliaccepted being oppressed or endangered by any unprovoked and the Office of Chancellor of his Majesty’s Exchequer. unnatural Conjunction.

18 Gentlemen

9*7

J

i Geo. it. 40 Julii. — II° dugufti — il0 Septembris. — i50

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I thank you for the large Supplies which you have (o chearfully and unanimously given me. It affords me great Pleasure, that the frugal Use made of the Confidence reposed in me the last Year, has beea an Inducement to you to renew the fame; and you may be affined that it shall be applied only to the Purposes for which

it was intended.

1 shall be particularly attentive to reduce all unnecessary F.xpences, in order the better to provide fot the great and requisite Services of the War.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have nothing to desire of yOu, but what is equally essential to your own Interestand to my Service: Let it be your constant Endeavour to promote Harmony and good Agreement amongst my faithful Subjects, that, by our Union at home, we may be the better able to repel and frustrate abroad the dangerous Designs of the Enemies of my Crown.

J parliament And afterwards the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal,

I prorogued, by his Majesty’s Command, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Ft is his Majesty’s royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued until the i ith Day of

Augv.fi next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued until ‘Thursday the i xth Day of August next.

yovisy ii° die Augujli;

Anno 31* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1757.

P.ir'innoent

further

prorogutd.

THE House being met, according to the last Prorogation;

A McfTage was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to tiu House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until

day the Twenty-second Day of September next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Twenty-second Day of Septe next.

.Jovis, 2 2° die Septembris;

Anno 31° Georgii Ilil Regis, 1757.

THE House being met, according to the last ProrO- Parliamea*. gation; further

A McfTage was brought firom the Lords, by Mr. Cox, ProroS',e Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by Virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until daythe 15th Day of November next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 15th Day of November next.

Martts, 150 die Nov;

Anno 31* Georgii II41 Regis, 1757.

THE House being met, according to the last Proro- Parliament gation; further

A McfTage was brought from the Lords, by Mr. *, Proro*u Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read:

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the First Day of December next: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the First Day of December next.

INDEX

TO THE

TWENTY-SEVENTH VOLUME.

2"f Geo. II. Pari. 5. Sejf. 1. A. 1754.

CT receives Royal Assent, by Commission, 5 June.

2829° Geo. II. JV/.' 5. Sejf. 1754 iff 1755.

/ATC DON Road. Vide Henley.

* Accounts, Estimates, Lish, State, &c.

Accounts of prohibited tuft India Goods, and of Naval Stores imported from Russia, presented, 20 Nov, — Lift of Half-pay Officers of Land Forces and Marines, ordered, 20 Nov. Presenced, 8 Jan. Referred to the Committee of Supply, 17. — Account of Services incurred and not provided for, ordered, 20 Nov. Presented, 15 Jan. Referred to the Committee of Supply, 27. — of Disposition of last Grants, ordered, 20 Nov. Presented, 15 Jan. Referred to the Committee of Ways and Means, 12 Feb. — of Surpluses of the Aggregate, South Sea, and General Funds, ordered, 20 Nov. Presented, 18 Dec. Referred to Committee of Ways 2nd Means, 12 Feb. — of Mercers Company, presented, 28 Nov. — State of Proceedings of Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, and their Treasurer’s Accounts, presented, 29 Nov. — Accounts relating to the Road from Newcastle to Carlisle, presented, 29 Nov. Referred to Committee of Supply, 26 Mar. — from Committee of African Company, presented, 29 Nov. Referred, 20 Feb. Vide Africa. To Committee of Supply, 11 Apr. — of British and Irish Linens exported from Scotland to America, from 174010 1753, ordered, 18 Dec. Presented, 5 Mar. — of foreign raw Linen Yarn, and Muscovia Yarn, imported into England from 174# to 1753, and the Duties paid thereon, ordered, 18 Dec. Presented 13 Jan. — of foreign Linens imported into England, from 1748 to 1753* ordered, 18 Dec. r referred, 13 Jan. — of British and Irish Linens exported from England to America, from 1740 to 1753, ordered, 18 Dec. Presented, 13 Jan. — of foreign Linens exported from England to America, from 1742 to 1753, with the Drawbacks paid thereon, ordered, 18 Dec. Presented, 13 Jan. — Lift of reduced Officers Widows, presented, 8 Jan. Referred to the Committee of Supply, 17. — Account of Monies in Exchequer 5th January 1755, of Surplus of Lottery Fund, 1714; of D° of the Duties on Coals since Lady-day 1719; of D° of the Duties on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors; ordered, 13 Jan Presented, 15. Referred to Committee of Ways and Means, 12 Feb. — of Charges in maintaining Nova Scotia in 1754, ordered, 13 Jan. Return made, 15. Referred to Committee of Supply, 27. — of what has been done at Annamaboe by Committee of Company of African Merchants, ordered, 15 Jan. Presented, 22. Rtferred, 20 Feb. Vide Africa. To Committee of Supply, 11 Apr. — of Number of Seamen bmae and mustered, upon a Medium of each Month, in 1754, ordered, 16 Jm. Presented, 23. — of Quantity of raw Flax imported from 1749 to 1754, ordered, 20 Jan. Presented, 24. — D° re-exported in same Time, ordered, 20 Jan. Presented, 24. — of Linen Yarn imported from Ireland, from 1748 to 1755, ordered, 20 J.m. Presented, 24. — of Orphans Fund in London, presented, 22 Jan. — of Indico imported from America for Seven Years; of D° imported from foreign Parts for Ten Years; o:dcred, 24 Jan. Presented, 6 Feb. 5 Mar. — Copy of Proceedings transmitted from Jamaica to the Commissioners of Fuzes, relative to the Condcmnation of the SpanifhPolacra taken by Admiral ICnowles, VOL. 27.

and other Papers relating thereto, ordered, 24. Jan. Presented, 31. — Account of Proceedings of Commissioners appointed by Act 25 Geo. II. for Application of a Sum granted for compensating the African Company for their Charter, and all their Lands and Effects in Africa, presented, 27 Jan. Referred,

20 Feb. Vide Africa. — Report from Greenwich Hospital, touching the Derwentwater Estate, presented,29 Jan. — Copies of so much of the Letters parted between the Committee of African Merchants and the Governor of Cape Coast Castle, as relate to the African Trade since 1752, ordered, 29 Jan. Pre- -fented, 6 Feb. Referred, 20. Vide Africa. — Several Accounts relating to the Importation and Exportation of Flax, foreign raw Linen Yarn, and Spruce or Muscovia Yarn, Linen Yarns, Linens, &c. into and from England and Scotland, and from Ireland, to be prepared, in order to be laid before th£ House in the next Session, 28 Jan. — Account of Linena damped for Sale in Scotland, from 1727 to 1754; Condition and Progress of the Linen Manufacture in Scotland, from 1730 to 1755; to be prepared, 28 Jan. — Copies of the Lists of Monies and EffV&s found on board the Spanish Polacra, and the Distribution thereof, ordered, 31 Jan. Presented, 5 Feb. — Account of Corn exported, from 1750 to 1754, with the Bounty, and Names of the Ports exported from, ordered, 4 Feb. Presented, 21 Mar. 7. Apr. — Account of Bounties on British and Irish Linens exported from Scotland, paid out of the Old Subsidy, presented, 6 Feb. — The like from England, presented, 21. — of National Debt, ordered, 12 Feb. Presented, 20. — shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy has arisen, from 31st December 1752 to 31st December 1754, ordered,

12 Feb. Presented, 4 Mar. — Papers (pursuant to Address) relating to the African Trade, presented, 12 Feb. — Account of Number of Seamen pressed in 1754* ordered, 13 Feb. Presented, 18. Referred, 20. Vide Africa. — ExtraS of a Letter from Captain Buckle to the Admiralty, touching his Ne« gotiations at Annamaboe, presented, 13 Feb. Referred, 20. Vide Africa. — Account of Foreign Whale Fins imported and exported to and from Scotland for Ten Years, presented, 5 Mar. — of Receipts and Difourfements of Society of Free British Fishery in 1754* presented, 14 Mar. — Lift of fersons appointed to be of the African Committee from 1750 to 1754, ordered, 17 Mar. Presented, and referred, 19. Vide Africa Declaration of Merchants concerning the Art of making Pot and Pearl Ashes, ordered, 24 Mar. Presented; referred; 25. Vide Stephens. — Copies of the last Letters received by the Committee of the Company of African Merchants from the Coast of Africa, ordered, 26 Mar. Presented; referred; 27. Vide Africa. — Account of Expenditure of last Grants to the Committee, and Copies of the Letters to their Officers rc — fpc£ting the Disposal thereof, ordered, 26 Mar. Presented; referred; 3 Apr. Vide Africa. To Committee of Supply, II. — Copies of Contracts made by the Committee for carrying , Stores for rebuilding Annamaboe, ordered, 26 Mar. Presented; referred; 3 Apr. Vide Africa, — Letters Patent for making Pot Aih granted to Melik urs John Baker, ordered, 27 Mar. iloufe informed of its beimr in the Hands of the Patentees; Copy ordered, 2 Apr. Presented; referred; ibid. Vide Stephens. — Account of Number of Ships cleared from Great Britain for Africa, -from 1734 to .*754, ordmed, 27 Mar. Presented, 14 Apr. — Accounts ot Bntdh Goods and Manufactures exported to Germany and Holland, from 1750 to 175 s, and of Goods imported from ti e Bast and West Indies, and elfcwheye, and rc-exported to*cjcrmany and HoL land, from 175010 l/5j> to be prepared against next Session,

A , 2 Apr.

